I was looking for a laptop mainly to browse and for multimedia purpose and found this inexpensive built-like-a-tank Dell XPS 14. I am very impressed with the build quality, stunning looks and there is absolutely a very nice feel to it. I have many MBPs at home and this one is better in appearance and worked out of the box with minimal set up. I was up and running in 10 minutes or so.I found the touch pad not up to par with Apple track pad but with the latest driver update it came pretty close. I uninstalled the McAfee software and went with Norton security as it comes free with Comcast. There is a new BIOS update from February 2014 and also audio driver update that you may want to apply immediately. Do the WiFi-BT update as well.Pros:- Audio - beautiful sound even better than some of my apple gadgets - no need for a separate DAC- Nice back-lit keyboard- mini display port is handy - i am using the HDMI port with my Samsung monitor- Handles multitasking handily - this is clearly the intention at this price range - not a gaming laptop- Skype works great- Netflix movies plays in hi-def and streams flawlessly without any hitch- Strong WiFi signal throughout my house - both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz work good with strong signal- Runs cool. Doesn't get hot unless you go gaming with it  - fan is loud as well when you do that- Features at this price point - I paid $629 plus sales tax from amazon.com- Battery is good and lasted for more than 5 hours with my documentary watching and it still had 35% charge leftCons:- Not enough memory - I am constantly noticing memory at 75% - I have ordered a 8 GB module- Not for heavy gaming - although Portal 2 played pretty well with a slight lag - this is the only game I tried- Display - is already known for narrow viewing angle - I am OK with it since I have connected this to a Samsung monitor which serves my purpose and it wasn't any inconvenience when I watched a documentary series with XPS 14 on my lap - viewing angle was just fine- Not enough USB port - there should have been one on the rightThis is an awesome laptop for general mass and clearly not for heavy gaming but light gaming should be okay. Windows 8 is awesome. Don't get stuck with old Windows XP and Windows 7. There are no driver issues at all with Windows 8 and there is only slight learning with Windows Metro. I have two systems with Windows 8 now and my kids love it.Hope this review was helpful!Jeet