This machine is a beauty. It is exactly what I wanted -a small and quiet laptop with decent (6Gb) ram and HD (500Gb) memories, with back-lit keyboard and touch screen- so I couldn't believe when I saw those specifications in a laptop with such a great price (under U$500!). It was not a shot in the dark for me to buy it on-line because, I actually was already using a former version of an 11" Acer Aspire and despite being a much more basic version, I had been quite happy with it (I am replacing it mainly because the memory configurations of that model became limited for my needs).I travel a fair amount of time, so having the portability of this 11' screen model is something I do value  when I am on the road. I also prefer to have only one device that I can use for both as main computer and for carrying with me. The only limitation as a main computer would be the screen size, but this is not an issue because when it is sitting in the office I expand (note: expand, not duplicate!) its work area with a 21" external monitor, so I can enjoy plenty of desktop area to spread several windows of the programs I might be using (I actually usually take with me a VGA and HDMI cable in my bag, so I can use the TVs of the hotel room for the same purpose).BUT be aware that this machine is tainted by the (completely unnecessary) addition of the windows 8 crap (sorry, I wouldn't be so rude with it if I had the choice of not paying for something I will not use and is so annoying to get rid of). It is well possible that your first experience with this laptop (or for the matter any computer with that OS) will be probably of clumsiness and confusion. But note that this is not the hardware's (or yours) fault, but of Acer's poor choice of the operational system. In case you want to keep Windows 8 I suggest at least to install one of those Start buttons available from third parties (some of them make you almost forget you are using windows 8. By the way, consider using the free OpenOffice - instead of the increasingly clumsier Microsoft Office).But, on top of the interface madness of Windows 8 there is another glitch that was driving me nuts and not allowing me to get any work done: the computer was running very slow and continuously with a worrying full-speed fan noise. Then I realized that the culprit was the McCafee antivirus that comes pre-installed: that thing was taking from 50% to 100% of the CPU all the time. So I removed and I am using another antivirus - problem solved.