This laptop is almost awesome, except for one crucial problem: the touchpad. It is so bad it makes the laptop almost unusable without an external mouse.The touchpad is a BAD knockoff of the apple touchpad from their macbookpro line. The HP/Synaptics touchpad on this model of laptop allows for multi-touch gestures, though scrolling is the only one that seems to work. Despite this multi-touch ability they did not enable two-finger touch to be a right-click. Massive drawback.The touchpad has the feature that if you push down on the touchpad with pressure, it will physically "click".  Here is the problem:Left clicking: A light tap on the touchpad, anywhere, counts as a left click. But a heavy tap that makes the "click" in the touchpad happen, only works INSIDE of the little drawn rectangles that are the right and left "buttons".  This is hugely counter-intuitive. You'll be scrolling away down a document and go to left click on something and because you pushed it a hair too hard, and it doesn't count. This becomes infuriating after the 10th time. It has to be lightly, or inside the little drawn on box.  Accidentally drag another finger over the touchpad while you are clicking? NOTHING. no click. Leave a finger of the left "button" like you would on a normal touchpad with buttons?  NOTHING. no clickRight Clicking: Apple made their multi-touch mouse right click when you touch it with 2 fingers. HP, when deciding to make a knock off of their mouse, left this out. Instead left clicks can ONLY happen inside of the little left button box that is drawn onto the touchpad. Light taps in the box don't work, must be a hard tap so the touchpad "clicks".  A light tap, even inside of the "left button" box, is a right click.The rest of the laptop: Decent. With a core i5 and plenty of ram, this laptop is snappy running Windows 7. The screen is gorgeous. Onboard hdmi, vga, esata, and gigabit nic are all nice features. I'd like more than 3 usb ports, but that's not a deal breaker for me. They integrated the hp quick launch buttons into the F keys, which would be annoying if I used them. I never used them, however, on my previous HP and didn't plan on it for this one, so no big deal.The laptop isn't exactly light, but it is lighter than the previous model with the same size screen. Overall weight I would rate as good. It has a full keyboard with number pad, which is nice.Overall: Laptop is good if you don't plan on using the built in touchpad. If you plan on using this touchpad constantly, keep looking. I've used it for 2 weeks now and still haven't gotten used to this strange touchpad.  HP massively missed the mark when coping apple's multi-touch touchpad, and completely fubar'ed it.