Let me preface this review by saying that I absolutely love this device.I am a 9th grader in high school and an overall tech fanatic. At my school there is an emphasis on technology, and I find that it is very convenient to have a laptop during class for researching things, typing notes, and working on projects. Before buying this Chromebook I had been using an iPad 2 with a keyboard. It was nice, but there were some limitations to the amount of things that I could do and the bluetooth keyboard could be a hassle sometimes. It was time to look for something that offered improved productivity and a more convenient keyboard.I did a lot of research on laptops before deciding to but this Chromebook. I looked at more high-end laptops (Asus Zenbook, MacBook Air) which range from $600 - $1,000, but ultimately the Chromebook was the best option. Google Drive has an awesome suite of office products that are comprehensive and offer unique capabilities. Google Docs is the Word-like program that offers most of the capabilities of Word and also allows users to collaborate with other users. However, I have found that incorporating pictures into documents can be a hassle. In my biology class, we have to use a STATs program called ANOVA and there is a Google script for Spreadsheets which allows you to use the program. There is really no end to the convenience that Google Drive offers.The Chromebook itself is very portable. It is extremely thin and light, as well as well built. It is made out of plastic, but it still feels sturdy. The keyboard is EXCELLENT and may be the best the type I've ever typed on. There is no keyboard flex which might be expected from an inexpensive laptop. The screen is just bright enough, the camera is adequate, and the the battery is beyond what is listed or expected. The ARM processor that this machine is equipped with is super zippy and does not  get hot and rarely freezes. The Chromebook boots up in apt. 9 seconds, and wakes up from sleep immediately.There is two things you should know before buying this. There is very little you can do on this without and internet connection and printing can be complicated. You can create documents and edited synced documents offline, but you cannot get to your Evernote or unsynced Google Docs offline. Printing only works through Google Cloud Print, which requires you have a Cloud Print ready printer or a Windows, Mac, or Linux computer that is connected to a printer to print. Research more about Cloud Print before you buy this.Everything about this device is awesome and you should definitely consider this when wanting to purchase a ultraportable, long lasting, and fast device.