Hard drive on this laptop crashed within a few months of very light use. Recovery disks would not work so sent it to Gateway for warranty service. I had to pay shipping $25.85 without insurance (big mistake). They claimed I sent it in with the case broken and since I would not pay $210.94 to fix the broken corner they would not repair the hard drive. They sent a picture of the box and there is no visible damage on the box. It was packaged very well with the PC in the middle surrounded by tons of bubble wrap and air bags. I thought they were mixing up customer orders. They made it clear it was my laptop and they would not cover anything unless I paid the $210.94. They also told me they receive 1000, yes one thousand, computers back for service every day. At this point I was raging and told them to send it back to me. THEN I'm told if they send it back I cannot claim the $100 UPS allows for damaged merchandise that was not insured. I thought I was in the Twilight Zone - these people are out and out liars and thieves!!!I did some research for complaints against Gateway and this same scenario has played out many times over. Acer seems to be the owners of Gateway for whatever that's worth. I tried going to WalMart where the purchase was made but they refused to accept any responsibility for the merchandise they carry. So the end user....me, is out $400 and left without a computer. It's a sad day when large corporations get away with tactics like what I experienced. Suffice that I WILL NEVER own another Gateway and WILL NEVER purchase another PC from WalMart. Shame on both of them.BUYER BEWARE - when a company has no skin in the game it's easy to avoid responsibility.Here's someone else's story: [...]He even paid Gateway $21.25 for their recovery disks which didn't work - OF COURSE THEY DIDN'TUPDATE 7/2/13We tried returning the laptop to our local WalMart. They said they could not take it back that we should return it to the store where it was purchased. We made the 600 mile trip (as part of a vacation) and I'm happy to report that this WalMart did take the computer back and gave us a full refund. Goes to show who believes in their customer base and that GateWay could NOT care less. THANK YOU WALMART.