I bought this straight from the Google Play store, but Amazon's price is competitive.  No matter where you get yours from, I think that you are really going to like it.Speed.  This machine, with its i5 processor, 4GB of RAM and 32GB SSD is every bit as fast as my Quad Core i7 windows machine that has twice as much RAM and also has a SSD.  As long as you are on a good network connection, everything you do on this machine is pretty much instantaneous.Build quality.  Apple has nothing on this machine in terms of build quality.  It is solid.  In terms of build quality and materials, it is equal to a MacBook Pro and better than my HP Elitebook.  Solid quality.Screen.  The screen is the main reason I bought this machine, and I wasn't disappointed when it arrived.  The resolution is awesome for someone who likes to fit a lot of data on the screen at a time (in spreadsheets) or just someone who likes crisp beautiful graphics.  I love the aspect ratio, resolution, and touch interface.Touch.  Speaking of the touch screen, I don't use it that much.  It works great, and I love having the option of reaching up and touching the screen to do things.Keyboard.  The keyboard on this machine has a great feel.  I love typing on it.Storage.  Having only 32GB of onboard storage scares me.  I would never replace my primary computer with something so `cloud based'.  That said, this is not my primary computer.  Therefore, not having the space onboard to store all my stuff isn't a big deal, and is actually in line with the way that I work.OS.  I still prefer Windows 7 for my primary computer, but for an ancillary machine like this, Chrome is fine.  It works great.  The only way someone could use this as their only computer is if everything they do is available in the Cloud.  If you need to run productivity software like Adobe Acrobat, Photoshop, or Premiere, on your machine, than you'll need to stick to Windows or Mac.If you know what you are getting into with Chrome, then I strongly recommend you check this computer out.  It is obviously more expensive than the other Chromebooks, but it is fair considering the build quality and what you get for the money.