I bought my Asus K52F on clearance at Best Buy for around $500.  The only difference between my K52F and the one advertised on this page is a slower Intel processor (P6100 that runs at 2.00GHz).  So I won't be factoring it in this review.Even so, I don't have any complaints about the computer's speed as it's very fast even for a multiple browser and tabbing fiend like me.  I don't recall my system ever lagging unless I was playing a CPU intensive game.  Even so, the lag never affected Windows Explorer or other programs.My favorite aspect about this laptop is that it's very sturdy.  Through the daily lumps and bumps, the only physical damage it has after a year and a half is the missing cover to the DVD drive that got hooked on my bookbag's zipper and yanked off.The battery lasts a good 3 or 4 hours on the right settings.  If you're willing to sacrifice just about everything to extend battery life, I'd dare say the battery might make it up to about 5 hours.The fan's no louder than a heavy sigh.  The keyboard is pretty quiet as well.  It's a chiclet design, which I personally find kind of ugly though.  After about 8 months or so, the tab key started popping off.  Fortunately, it pops back in just as easily.The screen's pretty crisp and bright.  I'd say it would make this laptop very nice for watching movies on...if the speakers weren't so bad.  The speakers, I'd say is this computer's biggest flaw.  They're situated UNDER the edge of the laptop and pointing towards the floor.  To make things worse, the speakers are very low.  I don't know what genius at Asus thought of this but he should be fired.The touchpad is something I've had an issue with from pretty much since I got it.  The pad has a rough surface that takes getting used to.  The buttons are kind of unresponsive, has forced me to rely on the multitouch trackpad (by Elantech) and even that gets glitchy and unresponsive from time to time. I don't know if it's the hardware or software that makes this touchpad so...bad.  I would like to know but unfortunately, Elan's drivers always find a way to reinstall themselves when I deleted the driver's files.  If somebody can answer this for me, please leave a comment below.Overall, I would buy another Asus laptop.  It's top notch performance and sturdy design has me holding high hopes for Asus's future products.