If you're like me and can't live without the ThinkLight or pointer mouse then the new T line is for you.  With the new 25w mobile cpu (P8400 in my case) it runs cool enough to not need an additional platform cooler while on your lap (it doesn't blow hot air either).  From the first reports they must have repositioned the Thinklight because my doesn't blind me (it's inside the bezel more now I think).  You might want to download the additional Keyboard Customizer program from Lenovo to disable the forward and back web keys that are next to the Up arrow.  I kept pressing them by mistake and causing all kinds of problems.Pros: Thinklight. pointer mouse (hate those aweful touchpads! disabled mine). thin and light. Great battery life even with just 6 cell.  Single latch switch. Cool running cpu. Bought through Ebay (ellan_mouse) for only $750 after 10% ebay discount with no tax or shipping charges (now that's a deal!). Keyboard feels the same (not flexy like other reports). XP Pro still available.Cons: Screen off to the right, widescreen (I like tall more than wide), lcd screen not the brightest and bad off angle viewing (might be good for security and keeping peepers away though). Had to install program to disable keyboard buttons (forward/back web page buttons).  Speakers sound tiny. I don't know if it's my Airlink 150N router but I'm only getting 72Mb top speed from its 5100N wireless. Not as easy to add memory as older units (must remove keyboard bezel now).Seems like a lot of Cons but at this price I am not complaining.  I have a huge home system so my T400 is just a stripped down unit with XP Pro (not whista), only 1 gb of memory (everything running uses less than 700 Mb), intel video, dvd only reader (I use flash drives and only burn dvds on my home unit).  Didn't make sense to pay another $300 for options (video, burner) that my home unit can do better and faster.  I still use the T400 way more at home for doing most things.  I just got the T400 so I don't know if it will last as long as my old T22 has (still running when I sold it) but I hope so!  It may not be the prettiest unit but it's light, fast, cheap and practical for the discriminating user.