I'd heard about HP's excellent video when I bought this laptop last summer. It did not disappoint.After struggling with Vista 64-bit for 4 months, I finally resorted to paying someone else to reform this laptop and replacing Vista with Win-7 32-bit. I understand that 64-bit is the new norm but at the time (November 2009), 64-bit was before its time. Either there was no software, save for 32-bit, or the software was faulty. Lately, I've found my 32-bit Win-7 running at almost 100% Ram because it is using 32-bit instead of 64-bit. Wait a few months, perhaps a year, and everything will be 64-bit.Here's the pros and cons:Pros: * great speakers  * great visual experience  * fast CPUCons: * runs hot with cooling not where it should be (even with cooling pad)  * comes with clunky HP software that must be removed by IT specialist (I am an advanced user and couldn't kill it!)  * keyboard is faulty (I am used to it but it sticks near the U-O-P-Enter keys causing the cursor to jump; I am used to it by now.)  * only 4-low powered USB ports (It won't drive my 500G external drives or the cooling fan (at full power)I bought Advanced System Optimizer to deal with typical problems with Win-7. Win-7 is great in that the firewall is very-good (to be distinguished from great.)All in all, it's not a bad computer but I won't be buying another HP just like I won't be buying another Dell.If this review was helpful, please add your vote.PS, June 14, 2010The laptop is still running well. I must switch to 64 bit soon because of the limits of running Win-7 on 32 bit. Fortunately, this laptop has 8M of RAM. Think of RAM as the amount of space on a desktop and your hard drive as a huge file cabinet. The more memory on your desktop the more files you can open at one time. 64-bit Win-7 allows you to use RAM more efficiently so 8M goes a long way. 32-bit Win-7 is not as efficient so running more than 3-4 applications starts to slow down your computer.Add one more for the positive column: the Wi-Fi capabilities. The internal wireless modum is extremely good.