I bought this awhile ago at a great price, and have to say I'm impressed with it.  Although it isn't going to break any speed records, Windows 7 functions well enough on it.  Definitely ample processing power for web browsing and document editing.  I've watched Netflix without any issues.[...]PROS:*Slim- this is noticeably thinner than my girlfriend's 14" HP.  As a matter of fact, it's more compact all around, with very little empty real estate.*Design- the all metal body looks SHARP.  There isn't a huge glowing HP logo, or any kind of design on it.  Just smooth brushed metal with a small HP logo in the corner. Makes the laptop look very expensive.*Keyboard and Touchpad- Although I've read in a lot of the reviews that other buyers don't like the keyboard or touchpad, I think they're great.  Yes, the touchpad collects fingerprints.  Wipe them off.  The multi-touch is amazing, too.  I've been on several other laptops since I bought this and always catch myself getting frustrated when pinching or stretching my fingers over the keypad doesn't do anything.*Durable-  I don't know if I got lucky, but within a few weeks of buying it I dropped the laptop (while open) off the back of my couch.  It fell over 3' to the ground and just left a small crack in the plastic trim around the body.  I've also knocked it off my bed and chairs numerous times and it's held up.CONS:*No Internal Optical Drive-  this is isn't really that big a deal to me, as most information gets passed wirelessly on my home network or through email.  But if you're looking at burning CD's you'll need to carry an external drive everywhere, which defeats the purpose of having such a small laptop.*Battery Life- terrible.  I don't know where companies get battery life numbers from, because mine only lasts for about 4 hours before dying out.  You'll need to keep the power cord with you at all times.*Plastic Trim- With such an expensive looking body, it really bothers me that the rim of the body is plastic (the part that wraps around where the USB ports and memory card slots are), and the silver paint is already wearing off.  How much more would it have cost for HP to make that metal as well?Overall a good value PC.