I was shopping for a laptop for college and I was initially not considering buying a Mac by principle (anti-Apple-ism, price,...). However, I received many good arguments to buy the Macbook Air and was finally convinced because all the other laptops working under windows I was considering had problems of some sorts, as reviewed by many users. Therefore, I bought the Macbook Air with a 14-day trial. I thought I would bring it back but I never did and ever since it's been a love story.Even though you've probably already heard it all, here are overall the best things about the Macbook Air that makes it the best laptop out there (even with the new Macbook Pro):-Battery life is excellent and recovery is fast. There are several ways to make the battery last longer and some options in your settings.-It's SUPER light, which is a major plus for a college student if you need to bring it to class and around. After a few weeks working with it I was surprised how big and heavy other laptops seemed to me, you have no idea.-The design is very nice, but that's a somewhat subjective notion.-It really doesn't take long to get the hang of all the commands and you might discover some cool "shortcuts" by accident, like I did. The experience is just wonderful and if you need any help, there are just so many websites and blogs that can help you and have tutorials or problem solving for new-to-Mac users like me.-The operating system upgrades are free, unlike Windows'. The new OS X Mavericks is just amazing, it's slick, stylish, colourful and just so much adapted to a student's needs!-You can work on many screens, so multitasking is made easy.-If you're Windows-nostalgic, you have the possibility to install a parallel. Plus, the Office for Mac is mainly the same as the Windows one except there are maybe more templates and the designs are more aesthetically appealing. You can also install Google Chrome, Mozilla and other browsers, as you wish.-Internet-browsing is fast and you can zoom/unzoom pics just with your fingers and the trackpad.-The trackpad is life itself in the form of a technologic device: it just feels so smooth and you almost feel like you're the one moving the page like you would with a book or magazine.-The new OS X Mavericks gives you iBooks for free, and iMaps and you can add a map or directions to your events on iCalendar.-If you have an iPhone or iPad, you can sync them with your Macbook and you just have an infinity of possibilities and uses.I hope this was useful and that it helped you in your decision-making process.