We tested a dozen Toshiba Satellites, and love them all. The problem with this model is, the processor uses 10-year-old technology. It's the slowest on the market.I see some of the reviewers bought this at Walmart (for $278-$300). I would NOT buy this laptop for that price. I strongly recommend a Toshiba Satellite, but this model was specifically made for Walmart & discount stores, with the cheapest possible chip.The chip used here has a clock speed of 510, which is pathetic (CPUbenchmark-net). For LESS MONEY, you can get a Toshiba Satellite right here on Amazon with clock speeds of 800-1,200. If you've come here looking for a Toshiba Satellite, this is a good company and a good brand, just don't buy the "Walmart version".There are plenty of options right here on Amazon for under $400 (just look at the processor type, and look it up at the CPUbenchmark site - 800-1,000 should be the minimum by today's standards). And, don't think that faster chips means it will cost more. Actually, it may cost less.That said, let me proceed to the review:PRO's:-We tested a dozen models, and except for variations in speed, all the models were great.-Screen is fine - no complaints. (I would not recommend the Toshiba models with the Trubrite screen - models with the TruBrite cost about $100 more & it picks up lots of reflections.)-I'm fairly impressed with the battery. I also have a netbook with a 10 hour battery life, but for a full sized laptop these are great. For normal use (internet, some music, etc) I get 2-3 hours. If I'm just working on data offline, I get 4.5 hours.-Stays very cool (even when playing videos), and the fan rarely kicks on.-It's light weight & durable. My 12-month old will pound on the keys occasionally, and it holds up just fine.-Comes with built-in antivirus software. I recommend also installing Avira, and every computer/laptop you own should be running Hostsman (both are free downloads).CON's:-No built-in camera or mic.-Sound is not great. Most people assume it's cheap speakers, but it's not. Speakers are fine - but the sound driver itself is the problem for some reason. You can uninstall the driver & have Windows install a generic driver that will boost your sound levels by 50% (easier said than done in Windows 7).-This model lacks the numeric keypad on the side. I would not buy a model without the keypad - with page up/page down, and other shortcuts, it's very convenient.Bottom Line: (1) Please be an INFORMED consumer. Don't pay more because you think they're higher quality, but also don't buy the cheapie because you think it's a good deal. (2) Unless you need a super-computer for specialized programming, you should be able to find a Toshiba Satellite with a great processor & all the amenities you need for under $400, right here on Amazon.Hope this helps, and enjoy your new laptop!