9/27/13I am a freshman in high school. I was looking for a device that is light weight and very mac book air looking. The keyboard is just like the mac book air it is so comfortable and springy. The track pad is also very easy to use as well. The overall design of this device is really pretty. I think it looks beautiful and its also very light. I did a lot of research on this product, and I know it is a web based system. Really all I do on my main computer is use Google chrome to do all my homework and access apps. I never use exe files at all all my resources are readily available online. So this Chromebook is a plus. I think it is great to carry around in your backpack at school and I am hoping it can last for the next four years. It seems pretty durable even though it is plastic. I love the matte screen because it reduced glare and fingerprinting. It literally looks like a Mac book air from far away. It really does! I really like that as well. I would recommend this product as a secondary computer to use for travel and school work and bringing on the go. You should also have your main computer, like pc mac or something, because I don't think the Chromebook qualifies as a main computer. It is like a tablet but better. On the ipad you cant view like flash stuff but on the Chromebook, it is an ACTUAL browser. This Samsung Chromebook is going to be very useful for me because I use google apps such as Google Drive (the most), google search, chrome, youtube alot. And also other web apps like turnitin and Engrade. I can access online textbooks with no problem. I can use this in the library after school because my school library computers are often always all full after school. And there is wifi at my school so everything about the Samsung Chromebook is a plus for me.9/30/13Even though this laptop tablet thing is just a web browser, It really doesnt feel like im lacking anything. It just feels like im using another macboook windows or any desktop. This experience is really cool because you dont realize that your operating system is a browser because i think everybody spends all their time in the browser anyway.9/30/13Omg this auto update is so great. There was something wrong with my app launcher so there was an update and it fixed it. Wow. That was unexpected.