I cannot comment fully on the IdeaPad Z580 product itself because the seller, Blizzard LCC, sent me the wrong laptop I needed for work. I received the Lenovo G580 15.6-Inch Laptop (Dark Brown IMR/Metal) instead. Even though I received the wrong laptop, the construction will be the same so I commented on it as far as it pertains to what I experienced.NEGATIVES:- I didn't like, which other Lenovos will most likely share, was that the caplock light is positioned on the front edge of the machine as opposed to the caplock key.- I use a wireless mouse instead of the pad. The machine has to be fully alive before using the mouse plus the USB antenna plug has to be pulled out then put back in for the mouse to work. I'm unsure if other devices would do the same.PLUSES:+ The construction seems to be very good... solid.+ The display is really nice and clear, no problems.+ The keys are tight and positioned well, no wiggly movement.+ DVD drive is very good.+ Preloaded Power2Go (DVD) and Nitro Pro 8 (PDF) software which I really like.BOTTOM LINE:A good laptop and I was unable to obtain this Lenovo 8Gb RAM, Intel model. However, gauging 4Gb Lenovo did give me an idea of how the 8Gb would perform and I've had and bought other laptops. Buying the 8Gb model... you'll do well. I see no reason that you should not purchase it. Meanwhile, I bought the ASUS K55A K55A-DS71 15.6-Inch Laptop (Mocha) because there were no more Lenovo 8Gb laptops available. I'll comment on the ASUS when I get it... stay tuned.OTHER:The 4Gb laptop (received by error) began bogging down some with a browser, email client, PaintShop Pro X5 and an Adobe Photoshop programs (both high memory demand graphics programs), up and in use. Then again this WAS NOT A 8Gb machine and processor, it was 4Gb and slower. If you use graphics creation and manipulation, get 8Gb of RAM.Use the other purchasers reviews with this since mine is not in full. I've purchased computers about every 2 years since 1992 so I've been at this a while.Amazon live chat helped a great deal (thanks Jeremy H.) and the return paperwork is on the way.