This laptop blows my mind! The battery life on this incredible! It's a fully functional computer with a tablet battery life. I chose to buy this because the "12 hours of battery life" advertisement. At first I was slightly skeptical thinking that 12 hours is 12 hours of doing absolutely nothing on the computer and was expecting more like 9 hours of battery life. Once I got it however, I realized that 12 hours really means 12 hours on this laptop (sometimes even up to 15 hours)! At least according to the battery percentage thing on the Mac (which is surprisingly accurate as well). Of course if you're watching HD movies or playing games it would be a lot less, but under normal circumstances (normal web browsing and some normal work like word, excel, and powerpoint) you really can get 12 hours out of this thing!I have yet to drain the battery of this thing. Closest I've been is about 60% on a weekend where I was on it whenever I had free time. Also, 1.3Ghz may not sound like much, but somehow everything runs so smoothly (I was able to play World of Warcraft on this thing with the default "good" graphics, with 1.3Ghz... wtf?!). The fan is so quiet that you'd think it doesn't have one until you start doing intensive processing, however under normal usage you don't even know that the fan exist. I personally think that if you're going to go with a high end iPad, might as well go with the Macbook Air. You can do so much more with the same amount of battery life, and only a couple hundred more than a high end iPad.This thing is so lightweight and portable, you can pretty much treat it like a tablet anyways (especially if you get the 11 inch version). And if you need internet, just use your phone to tether. Worried about phone draining when tethering? Just plug it into your Air and recharge it while it tethers internet for you! I honestly think this Macbook Air will finally be a computer of mine that'll last more than 2 years. I've had many PC computers and laptops, and nothing has wow'd me like this Air has.Oh, and last but not least. The entire thing is solid state! No moving parts! So it might as well be as tough (or even tougher, because the screen is protected when closed) than any other tablet out there! It can be dropped and still function fine, with maybe a few dents and scratches. But who cares, it still works! It's ultra portable and ultra tough!