This is my first Mac. I was considering buying a Dell XPS but after doing research and realizing that I didn't really need a blu ray player (since I have a PS3) the Mac was a better choice for me. I'm an architecture student so this i7 Macbook Pro was a no brainer. I went from a 14.5" Dell Inspiron to this 15.4" Mac and was afraid it would be to bulky but it is just perfect! It is a bit heavy, (specially with the Speck cover) nothing compared to other computers but don't think it's light as a feather. I was afraid the operating system would be hard to get use to since I've used Windows all my life but with all the tutorials at the apple website I got the hang of it in no time! It's very intuitive!I read many reviews which complained about how hot this mac gets, so I was really worried about that. After testing it doing renders while working on Photoshop I really didn't notice any difference from my old Dell Inspiron. I do have a Speck protective case on it, maybe that helps with the heat? Nevertheless the heat "problem" doesn't bother me at all because like I said, it does get hot but there is really no difference from my old laptop and other laptops I've used. I do agree with some reviewers that point out that the front edges dig into your wrists and are kind of annoying but I got use to it after awhile.It bothers me that Apple hasn't added an HDMI port on their high-end models but a 15$ adapter did the trick. They also modified the charger. The cables look and feel a lot stronger from previous versions. The battery doesn't last 8 hours like advertised but it's still better than normal computers in this range. Having the screen on constantly (using the app "caffeine") at medium brightness, wifi on and the keyboard light off it lasts about 5 hours.Most important of all, its FAST. Working on 3D models is a breeze now! Renders that would take me 1 or 2 hours in my old laptop take only five minutes in this incredible machine!Bottom line, it's a great computer and it's worth the price. I don't know why I waited so long.