I needed a new laptop for a few basic things: internet browsing, email, video calls, and movie/live sports streaming.  I was looking for something under $500, relatively light and small, decent battery life, and an hdmi out to use with a home cinema/projector.  Most things that fit the description were $800-1500 'ultrabooks.'I kept coming across this Asus on Amazon.  I wasn't crazy about the processor speed but otherwise it seemed to fit the bill.  I went ahead and ordered it along with an extra 4GB memory and a 128GB Samsung SSD, about $20 over my target of $500 all-in.It is a light and thin laptop that feels somewhat cheap (as it is plastic - duh) but not like it is going to fall apart.  Keyboard is decent but takes some adjustment (enter key is not all they way to the right, etc).  Touchpad is very good but given the way I use it I will look into a bluetooth mouse soon.  Does 'click' very loudly but I usually use the touchpad for going to links.I used the computer with the factory hardware and settings for about a week and it was fine for browsing and some multitasking with a few apps open and a google hangout during a fantasy football draft.  This was day 1, without removing any bloatware or optimizing any settings.  It did about 6 hours of non-stop use without having to plug in...much better than what I was expecting.I have since installed the extra memory (but not the ssd) for a total of 8GB and cleaned it out a bit.  It has also taken over it's duty as my weekly NFL streamer (I live overseas and its the only way to catch football).  It is hooked up through an av receiver/projector and streams all the games flawlessly in HD (connection-speed permitting) while I use the laptop to surf at the same time.  Very minor occasional lag (1-2 second delay) in response time while browsing but nothing that is a deal breaker.  Picture and sound are as good watching Netflix/Amazon VOD as it is via Playstation 3 or Xbox.All in all, for the money, I am not sure how you could beat it.  No, it is not aluminum, and no, it does not feel like some of the laptops that cost 2-4 x's as much.  The processor could be more robust, but then it would not cost what it does.  For my needs it was the perfect compromise of performance and price, and I will edit the review once I get the SSD in to see how it impacts my experience.