I am a basic computer user. I stream movies and send emails and fudge a few pictures with a Photo Shop program. My last computer (a Dell) worked GREAT until it fell victim to some kind of horrible virus (well, it was 6 years old) and I had been using my husband's cast-off Toshiba in the interim(I HATE that computer-- see the review) and an older Dell Inspiron which has had so many trips to Rockwall, TX that it should have enough frequent flier miles to orbit the globe (fan issues which constantly cause overheating. And melting.).Anyhow, this new Dell is so much faster and lighter it just blew me away. The set-up was nice and easy and I was able to transfer my (hideously expensive) Microsoft package onto the computer with ease and link up to our 4 printers so quickly I couldn't believe it.  I'm not crazy about how things seem to be organized on my toolbar, but that is probably a function of software rather than the computer. That said, Dell is definitely in the pocket of Microsoft and whoever owns the highly annoying MacAfee security. In order to get my computer connected to the internet I had to accept software options with these programs I would have preferred to leave to a later date. But there was no signing online until I hit the "accept" button. Seriously. NO INTERNET UNTIL YOU MAKE THE DEAL!!If this review makes me sound like a computer idiot, well, that's because I am. To all you other idiots out there who are considering a new computer let me just say that this seems like a nice computer. I realize I will have to send it back to Dell before the warranty expires so they can fix the pixel issue. Just one pixel-- is that a big deal? I don't know. I picture it as some kind of contagion spreading from pixel to pixel to pixel.... (to all of you who feel like you need to educate me on computer hardware, don't waste your precious time. It won't stick, anyhow.)The computer is light, quick and doesn't over heat. Aside from the software extortion routine upon boot up and the blown pixel, I'm happy.