I originally hesitated when buying this product.  I am a traveler and I only spend one year in each country before traveling onto the next adventure.  Having something considered "elitist" and very expensive on travels made me a bit nervous of pick pocketing.  Not only that, but it's hard to synch a Mac with other computers and there's no real tech support yet where I'm going next.  So, I ended up buying a different brand of laptop (to remain unnamed) and HATED it.  In it's defense, I think it was a defective model, but still!  So awful and the internet was so slow.  It was pricey too.  Not as pricey as this, but pretty up there.And then I got this... this demigod.Travelers out there, let me tell you, this is the ultimate laptop.  It's skinny, fits well in my backpack, it's lightweight, has a decent battery life (not the best, but certainly decent enough - around 5 hours).  I have the 13".  I know that the Macbook Air is smaller, but it only has 3 hours of battery life, so I opted for this one.  And it's STRONG.  I'm not as worried about it getting broken or damaged because it feels very secure.  (Still... be gentle with it!) I mean, it really is THE ultimate traveling laptop.  There's no getting around it.From the moment I got this awesome device, I could FEEL the difference from the other laptop.  Apple is just on a whole different level.  They keys feel wonderful and the trackpad is easy.  (I still have the wireless mouse, just in case, but I never use it).And any gamers?  I play World of Warcraft and the images are GORGEOUS.  Not to mention there's never any lag.  On the other laptop I briefly had, the lag was awful, and I've experienced lag on my brother's laptop as well.  But on this one?  Never.  It's smooth, uploads quickly and you'll be playing within the hour.  Amazing.All in all, I know it's pricey.  It really is, but it is SO worth it.  The other laptop I had was around 900$.  For 300$ more, this laptop feels like a steal.  They could sell this for 3000$ and get people to buy it.  It really is the next generation.