when i bought this computer it looked wonderful because i knew what i was buying, this dell latitude was made for professional and educational work, when i began using this laptop i erased the windows vista it had and put a fresh copy of windows 7 professional. this computer has been by far the best laptop i've ever owned, i have always purchased from dell and dell never lets me down because i knew what i want. i work as a real pc tech and i know what im in for.the laptop contains 2 wwan slots, capability for cellular data, extra wifi cards, gps, you name it. It also contains 4 usb slots, bluetooth, 14.1 inch wxga lcd screen, 6lbs body weight, interchangeble cd drive to put hdd or other items in the cd-rw slot. also hd speakers capible of reaching 24,bit 192000 hz studio quality sound. s video port for tv, i 1394 port. vga port for external lcd. ethernet and modem port, headphone & mic port. the original battery lasts me 4 hrs on full use using windows 7 pro. my E5400 has been with me a whole year since i have owned this laptop and it has never let me down ever. i even went camping with it and traveled with it also, and my friends always expect for my laptop to die out on me and never has it crashed or physically broken or nothin. the body on this laptop isnt ugly it's called having a secure strong body frame built to last, i'm constantly using this latitude for work and home and it still runs smooth as from day one. people who have a school version, don't assume the pc itself is crap because it's not. on this type of computer the bad work is not on the physical parts of the laptop its the software that runs it. most of the time schools or education places purchase this model of computer because it was designed for easy (IT) networking, meaning that the pc can be controlled and maintained by some lazy fat guy sitting behind a desk and work on it. In my opinion this pc is for the feint hearted and people who are ready to physical demand on the pc. I purchased this pc directly from dell.com because this series is not availible at retail stores. :D very good battery life on this type of dell model