I have had this laptop for 1 week and have had no problems. I don't find it to be any hotter than my Toshiba Satellite. The Toshiba fan vents on the side, but the battery compartment was hot from the start. The Hp vents on the bottom left rear corner, but the battery area stays relatively cool - so all in all it is about the same as the Toshiba for heat levels. My CPU usage stays in the 3% to 19% for all of the activities I have done so far (I use the "gadget" that came with the Desktop features to monitor the CPU usage). The keyboard has a nice firm touch to it and the touchpad is fine, just different - it is a smooth metal surface. The one thing that I have discovered (which is why I only gave it 4 stars) is that the internal wireless adapter - Atheros AR9285 802.11b/g/n WiFi Adapter - caps out at a speed of 150 Mbps. I went online to the Atheros website and read the specs, because I thought something was wrong with it initially - I was expecting a higher speed than that. I had purchased an inexpensive wireless N adapter from Amazon, for the Toshiba, that caps @ 270 Mbps and runs perfectly. I am thinking of using it with this HP, even though it is bulky, because I can see a download speed difference with large graphics. The speakers sound fine, far better than my Toshiba that stuttered everytime the fan turned on. I wish it had come with a longer life battery and a USB port in the rear. I am planning on replacing the battery with a 12 cell. I use a vendor on Ebay and have had good luck with their batteries - prices are great. The DVD drive is a little noisy so that's a minus. I really like the dedicated scroll "bar" on the side of the touchpad. I did not realize when I was first configuring the Hp that there is a button to turn on the touchpad. Mine arrived with the touchpad turned off as the default and it took me several minutes to figure out why I could not manipulate the touchpad. Operator error clearly. So far, so good. I got this laptop for $649 after the $50 rebate that is not eligible through Amazon, unfortunately. So for $649, I am very pleased.