I bought my Macbook Air from Apple's online store (sorry Amazon) and got a BTO (Build to Order) Macbook Air 13 inch 128 GB SSD and 1.3 Ghz and 8 GB of RAM. This computer is just so freaking fast. The design is so sexy that this is the Porsche of laptops. I have a Acer Chromebook and a ASUS 15 inch laptop. Both were good but the battery life was horrible. I never got past 4 hours with both machines. I liked the fast boot times on the Chromebook but the "apps" for the Chromebook were just web links to the application's website. So I used my Chromebook for Youtube and checking my email. I used my ASUS laptop for gaming and other things but the problem was it had a Pentium chip and games would just lag. I got 30-35 fps on Minecraft on my ASUS. The Macbook Air blows away both these laptops. I am used to Windows and Chrome OS which is basically a version of Linux and it's based on the Google Chrome browser. I hated using my ASUS PC because it always froze and and the fan felt like cooking an egg. My chromebook had a fan on the side (why do laptops have that  that theses days?) The Macbook Air's fan will run if you run game and video editing and stuff like that BUT the fan is on the bottom and and it doesn't kill your lap. I checked the fps on my Macbook Air and I got 80-120 fps on Minecraft which is AMAZING. The battery life is just AWESOME. I can get up to 6-7 hours doing gaming and 9-10 hours surfing the web and playing music in iTunes. This is keyboard feels so nice to type on. People think iPads are going to replace the Mac. Apple has always kept their Mac OS and iOS away from each other but has added iOS features like Maps and iBooks which will be coming in Mac OS Mavericks. I would buy this laptop or tell my friends this is a great laptop. I'm listening to iTunes and typing this review with 78% battery and I hadn't charged it since yesterday morning. It estimates I will have 10 hours left. That's just amazing. Both of my laptop's batteries would be dead by this morning. Apple just makes great products and they really care about everything from the packaging to the OS. I will never go back to Windows. People say you can get a better laptop for the same price but Macs rarely get viruses and they have a great operating system. Right now I'm hoping to get another Mac or a iPod Touch. Buy a Mac if you have the money and get a case for it. Apple products tend to hold their value for quite awhile. They sell for quite a lot. They still sell a late 2008 Macbook for around $400. on eBay and Amazon. THANK YOU APPLE!!!!