I purchased the Taichi three weeks ago today and after reading some of the reviews I expected some problems. NOT the case at all.  I considered several Windows 8 convertibles  before deciding on the ASUS Taichi.  I am soooo pleased with my decision.  I absolutely love this device.  Other reviews have been very detailed about the performance so I won't rehash those details.  I will provide updates as I continue using the Taichi over the next few weeks.  I must say I am amazed at the some of the reviews on other sites about this product.  Did ASUS just give out bad review units or what?  I have been using an iPad for over two years now and was very skeptical about any tablet ever taking it's place. However, slowly but surely the Taichi is changing my mind and I expect within another week or so I wont' even be using my iPad.  Now that is saying a lot for me to make that change because I love my iPad and have not travelled with a laptop in two years.  The only reason I give the Taichi 4 stars is the battery life.  But I knew that before I purchased the Taichi.  As has been mentioned several times, there is not a perfect "hybrid" or "convertible" solution so you just have to weigh the pro and cons of each product.  And yes the 2.7 lbs is heavier than my iPad but I have adjusted and it doesn't bother me at all.  This is a great product that doesn't deserve some of the reviews it is receiving on some of the tech sites.  I would love to purchase a thin cover that would fit over the tablet screen that would eliminate the "finger print magnet" effect while carrying the Taichi out of its supplied carrying pouch.Update 3/22/13:  I have been using the Taichi now for a couple of months and I am still loving this ultrabook. I am starting to see more people using Windows 8 convertibles which is nice to see. I still believe the Taichi was the best choice for my needs. I just purchased the Asus Suit/Cover for the Taichi and it fits perfectly. However, I am not having the same good fortune finding a portable battery to purchase that will work on the Taichi, so if anyone knows of one please let me know.  Thanks