Though I have only had this computer for about 5 days, I am liking what I'm seeing.  It's fast, has a great display, and is running all the additional software, that I've loaded, without a hitch.  It even was willing to run my HP printer without downloading the specific drivers from HP.  The keyboard is comfortable, and is not cramped as was the case with my netbook.  The dedicated numeric keypad is also a definite plus.  When hooked to an external monitor, I don't have to tell the computer to turn on the external display, it does it automatically.  The trial software that comes with Windows 7 is a pain, but is easily removed.  It isn't necessary to shell out a bunch of cash on Microsoft Office when Open Office is readily available as a free download.  This past weekend when I had some free time I popped a movie into the DVD drive, and enjoyed a couple of hours of downtime.  I hooked up some USB powered speakers to enhance the sound a bit, and was set.  The picture quality while watching movies was great!  I will update this review as I gain more experience with this laptop, though I doubt that I will have anything negative to add.  It looks as though this computer is a gem.  I let you know if I continue to think that way.  Right now I'd say that it merits my recommendation to anyone looking for a very nice laptop. ***Update*** Having had my VAIO for a while now, I can still claim that it's a great computer.  So far no hardware, nor OS problems with it at all.  I got crazy last week and decided to double the memory.  I went to Crucial.com and ordered 2 sticks of 4 gigs of memory.  Mind you that the memory I put in is almost double the speed of the old.  The difference was instantly obvious.  Not only do applications load faster, the computer boots up in about 40 seconds!  I subscribe to the belief that it is impossible to have too much memory, and this experiment seems to have bolstered my argument.  In summation, this is a great computer.  It does what I want, and does it well.  I can, and will recommend the Sony VAIO(R) VPCEE23FX/T E Series 15.5" Notebook PC to anyone wanting a great little laptop!