This laptop has some really nice features and so far I like it. I'm going to make a list of the pros and cons that I have experienced with it so far.Pros:Small and lightweight, yet stable and easy to use the touch screenThe screen is truly gorgeous and the touch features work greatIt was relatively easy to set upComes with a full two-year warranty that looks really good. You can call them for setup assistance but I didn't need it.The touchpad is pretty sensitive and works wellHas a lot of RAMIt doesn't come with tons of extra junk (though it does have Photoshop Elements, a nice touch)The battery lasts a decent amount of time (4+ hours?)Cons:It's hard to open! It feels like prying open a pistachio and required two hands.It runs a little bit loudThe hard drive is not very bigAt first, whenever I opened this laptop, I couldn't automatically connect to my network. I thought it was a problem with the computer itself, but it was actually a setting in Windows 8 that did not automatically open any hidden networks. I had to tell it to look for hidden networks and then it was fine.This machine comes with Windows 8 which may or may not be what you want. My last PC OS was Vista, and this is definitely a change for me. It took a couple of days for me to find my way around the screens, but once I did, I found myself using the touch screen as much as the keyboard. I really liked the touch screen capability.So is this computer worth it? Frankly, I think it's a little over-priced, especially the way that it's so hard to open. It makes it feel like they skimped. I have an old Macbook that opens instantly and I never even had to think about that function, but I definitely notice it on this one. I think they spent most of their money on the beautiful screen and the extra RAM and SSD hard drive. Those are definitely great features. This computer seems tailor-made for Windows 8, so if you like that and are used to having a tablet or are interested in the touch screen and want fantastic resolution, then it would probably be worth it.