I bought this computer almost a year and a half ago. Since then, I've had to get the battery and the cooling fan replaced. I will not lie, it is a good computer for a price of 329.99 but I would not pay more than 350.00 dlls for it, also HP support (since they now own Compaq) was great and helped me with the issues mentioned before.I am however sad to say that it will struggle with some video applications, the battery life will drop dramatically in performance within 8 months and the lid will start to become very flimsy after six months of daily opening and closing.With the applications, I had issues with Quick-time and the video plug ins for IE, Firefox and Safari. I could not get it to work that well with Hulu but I think the blame should fall equally on their side and HP.With the battery, I had it replaced after 6 months of use because it would not last more than 30 minutes in the last month of use (only web surfing, no video or applications). HP sent me a replacement rather quickly and issue solved for the next 8 months, now the battery is good for only an hour and twenty minutes on easy use.With the Lid and the cooling fan. The lid will become flimsy rather quickly but it is not a big issue, I can live with that. The cooling fan however, is a big issue. They had to replace it because it stopped working one day and it would not turn on, I used an application called "HDD health" that gave the temperature for both the Hard Drive and the system, the HD was 66 Celsius and the system was 82 Celsius. The replacement did not helped that much it measures around 65 dB to 88dB of noise and the temperature will be sometimes 62 Celsius and the system will not drop from 75 Celsius.I would recommend to purchase this computer for very low processing applications and not for day to day used. It is not a traveler's companion as it starts to fell very heavy when carrying it around airports and college campuses. Also, I recommend buying the extended warranty and hopefully it still includes the battery replacement. Thank you.