I really wanted to like this laptop. We needed a second laptop for the family to use for checking email, surfing the web and watching the occasional video online. The Chromebook seemed like a good fit at first. It's inexpensive and the hardware, especially the keyboard, is quite good for the price. Unfortunately, the OS is really not ready yet and Google's support is lacking. Here's a quick list of the issues we've had:- On several occasions, we haven't been able to login, and cannot do anything with the laptop.- It will not play anything from Netflix. There is a message that says Netflix and Google are working together for a fix, but the message hasn't change for over a month and no updates have been made available.- It keeps resetting my settings and options, which is a problem since these changes carry over to my desktop. The advantage of Chrome OS is that things are shared between devices. The disadvantage is that means errors are also shared.- The AC adapter is VERY fragile. When we tried to buy a new one from Google, [...]says that it's "not for sale at this time". We have not yet found a place to buy a new adapter.When faced with problems like those above, support is non-existent. Going to support on the official Chromebook page brings you to a Google Group with over 10,000 unanswered questions. We attempted to call Google and were told we needed to call Samsung. When we called Samsung, they said we needed to call Google.Simply put, I can't recommend this device to anybody. I really hope they fix the issues, because this has the potential to be great, but at the moment it is not worth the headaches.UPDATE: I've dropped this down to a one star. Many of the issues that were supposed to be fixed in "future updates" have not been fixed. The charger is now broken, due to the incredibly fragile tip, and the replacement is still not available through Google. We ordered a charger direct from Samsung, but they sent the charger for the 550, twice. We ordered a third party charger off of eBay, but it only works from time to time.Simply put, if Apple, Dell, Microsoft, or any other tech company put out a product with these issues, it would have a 2 star rating. I appreciate that Google is trying something new; maybe in a year or two it will be better. I've spent 20% of the initial cost of the laptop on chargers that don't work and from looking in forums it seems to be fairly common.