i absolutely love this notebook, bought at best buy and do not regret it one bit!  has an awesome 17.3" screen with hd 1600x900 screen, 3rd gen i5 processor that is the quickest i have ever seen in a notebook.  there is absolutely no hesitation at all.  the sound system on this laptop is not missing anything, you will be surprised. i have never had a laptop with a sound system like this, i downloaded and watched battleship on this the other day and the sound was amazing. it has built in harman/kardon audio speaker sound system that actually gets really loud and stays oh so clear.  before, i have always had to buy external speakers with a laptop, but not this one.  and totally new to me, this comes with 6gb ram upgradeable to 16gb ram, ive never had a laptop upgradeable to that much ram before.  it has 4 usb ports and all are usb 3.0.  hdmi input, dvd player/burner, card reader, and i love the high speed start...you can close the lid and when you reopen it starts up instantly, with no hesitation, also has hdd ssd head protection, if you bump your laptop on something or drop it, it goes into protection mode and secures the hdd ssd from damage, i picked it up the other day and bumped it on the arm of my chair and it came up on the screen saying my hdd/ssd was currently being protected, as soon as shaking settles down it goes back to normal state, really cool. also comes equipped with diagnostic tool and health monitor, plus facial recognition and sleep utility. includes eco utility and toshiba assist.  this computer is lacking in nothing except one thing......no bluetooth, but thats a small price to pay for everything else you get.  the etched aluminum body is awesome, you dont have to worry about finger prints or anything like that.  you will not regret this laptop it is really the greatest i have ever purchased and i have owned quite a few laptops.  not to mention, its one of the top "satellite" laptops made by toshiba.  i think the price is very reasonable for the quality/hardware and software included. oh and it also comes with microsoft office starter for free. also included is google chrome and microsoft silverlight.... oh i forgot, also comes with intel widi...this is a great deal. overall, it really purrs like a kitten, lol.