I'm editing my review. I'm still keeping it at 4 stars, but I messed up a few points before. To be honest, I was taking a quick look at everything the first time, and I was probably tired and in a rush.So basically, I originally thought there was some ridiculously large recovery partition. I now realize that's not the case. There are two large data partitions on the hard drive, and a small recovery partition. However, there is still no included recovery DVD, either burnable or on disc, FROM Asus. There are methods of recovery built into Windows 8, but it doesn't seem consistent with the online documentation, so you may have to hunt for them.As for Windows 8, I think it's horrible. If I was reviewing Windows 8, I think I'd give the functionality 5 stars as it improves upon Windows 7 and adds some cool new features, but the interface deserves 1, MAYBE 2 stars. It takes way too many clicks just to see your programs, and there are a million other weird quirks that make transitioning from previous versions of Windows an unnecessarily time-consuming chore.The hardware is good. I like the Asus quality and fantastic warranty, and the sale price was amazing. Unfortunately, Asus has apparently transitioned to one of those more "modern" Apple-like touchpads which don't have separate click buttons. They are built into the touchpad. This would work semi-okay like on a Mac if the entire touchpad could click, but the only clickable regions are at the bottom just like the old touchpads with separate buttons, which makes me wonder why they made the transition at all. So to click, you have to move your finger down there and press the touchpad. This motion makes it extremely difficult to not move off of your target when clicking, because the clickable regions are also part of the touchpad and will pick up your movement. It's an inherently bad design only dreamed up by someone to challenge Apple's "OH LOOK AT ME I'M RICH AND HIP" factor.So for, Linux Mint 14 is working great for me. The LiveDVD came up with a weird filesystem error, but after waiting for a few seconds, it was able to fix itself and load up the OS.