I just got this and it booted right up, the screen quality is very nice, much better than the older style of laptops with the satin finish.  This high glass finish really makes the screen stand out.  I've used laptops by dell, lenovo and gateway in the past so my first impressions are below.The laptop is not heavy, very reasonable and despite the 6 cell battery, most times I'm plugged in so it's not a big deal to me.  I haven't timed out the battery yet but so far as with any new laptop is seems to do just fine.  I wish it came with a cover or bag of some sort until I get my laptop bag, but I guess I'll be careful.The side connectors are well laid out, I don't see issues with too much in a spot, it all seems pretty nice.  My version did not have a modem (which I hope we don't need much longer).  The one thing I'm trying to determine and it may be my misunderstanding but this should have "N" network wireless ability but when I booted it up, my dual band router only showed the regular G.The big thing I like is the touch controls of the keyboard layout, everything is touch sensor, no buttons to break.  The other thing that I really like is the pc does not get hot like older laptops do.  It has no "side vents" for the cpu so it's clearly a much cooler operations than its earlier laptops.  I always had to make sure I powered down the laptops in the bag or they'd overheat.  With this style I'd be surprised if I had an issue.  It comes with a little video remote that is nice if you are watching movies on a flight or don't want to mess with the keyboard.  The hdmi on the side probably would be of good use if showing videos that way.I personally don't care for the "bubble" design on the black finish, it could have been left alone without that stuff but oh well.  As I work with it more I'll be able to post more but it's a very nice laptop and they even have a 50 dollar rebate on some locations.As far as gaming, I haven't tried it so far but I'd suspect in most average games this I3 should do fine.  I'm sure on call of duty versions it probably will not work well but I have a home desktop pc for that kind of gaming.