Upgraded laptop this last fall... was determined to stay with Asus but wary of Windows 8... as I shopped I was surprised to see the newest MBP price out significantly LESS expensive than an equivalent zenbook... so I took a look.  Ultimately the MBP won me over.  6 months later I am extremely happy with my decision.  Is it perfect?  No... but it is easily the best 'traveling' laptop I have owned... and the 'bang for the buck is amazing.Things I 'love' as a PC-to-Mac convert:- Have had several 'instant-on' claims on laptops... this is the first that actually feels like it.  From off-to-on to working where I left off is almost instantaneous... my favorite aspect of this machine... it just 'works'- Touchpad... I have 'heard' folks rave over the MBP touchpad... need to use it to appreciate it.  The accuracy and the gestures are amazing... I have had multi-touch on others but it was always a bit 'off'... size/feel/usage... this one is near perfect!- Integration with iOS... i have an iPhone and the integration with iCloud is awesome- Battery life watching video is amazing... 5hr airline flight of near continuous video and still had 40%+ battery remaining!- Laptop is basically silent when not under big Gfx load (see below)Things I don't love:- Battery life under any real graphics workload is pretty abysmal.  Gaming with iris is great for non-GPU laptop... but you get around 2 hrs max when it is working hard- Fan is LOUD when iris is working hard... surprised me (in a bad way) first time I tried gaming... likely tied to battery life issue- Delete key and power button are a bit close... results in un-expected 'sleep' sometimes when typing fast... fortunately 'wakeup' is so fast it almost doesn't bug me.- I actually 'like' Windows 7 more than OSX... I HATE Windows 8 and Metro... but not at total OSX convert yet...Bottom line:  Best traveling laptop I have owned... a few 'nits' but overall an amazing buy.  Believe the hype... if you are looking for a laptop to use on the road in the $1500 range... this is the one.