Have to be forward with this, I was nervous forking over money for this Brick. I scoured many reviews and found complaints and issues yet kept an eye out for ASUS laptops due to their lower cost compared to its competition being Alienware, and Sager. I really wanted to get this models bigger 17" brother but was turned off by the size and weight. I'm not saying that this laptop is much lighter. Its a beast.Complaints so far:Webcam and Mic are not the greatest, but adequate. I have had a few complaints using Teamspeak that I'm muffled. I plan on overlooking this by using my phones Bluetooth headset.The power port is annoying! I wish they would have wired it through the back or at least further back on the side.The Speakers as well can't compare to the competition such as MSI yet I will sometimes switch off with some headphones if I really do need to hear something.Praises:This tank is fast. Though I could upgrade it to the full 16GB ram, I probably wont because its smooth enough for me.Gaming. I am an old school gamer so graphics have never been my top priority, just mandatory. I've play Starcraft 2, Diablo 3 (beta), Terraria, Minecraft, Battlefield 3, Dead Island and Team Fortress 2. And I'm pretty embarrassed to admit. The graphics on this laptop blow my personal computer away (Need to upgrade badly now).The wireless card was a concern by reading some other reviews so I had to test it everywhere to see if I had to upgrade to an Intel card. Working at multiple sights and at home the card performed wonderfully.Two Kensington locks on the back allow for some broad security which is needed where I work.Bonus:The ROG Mouse the laptop came with is great. Though I love my Logitech G500 which stays home. This ROG Mouse will stay will my laptop.The Backpack is pretty decent. The only gripe is on occasion its difficult to close around the beefy laptop, but still possible. It holds all my gear I need and looks pretty guide and disguises the laptop well from curious minds.In all I'm glad I purchased this portable tank and for one whole week of loading stuff on it, its a winner in my book.