This is a great Laptop, awesome bang for buck.It is very attractive, slim, portable and powerfull.  It has loads of hard drive space, very quick and responsive cpu, and a low to mid range graphics card that gives the laptop a small gaming edge over the competition.  Dont get me wrong its not a gaming rig, but if you occasionaly like playing a computer game or two that is not super demanding you will be good.  The laptop is very solidly build, and it is a little heavier than it looks, but not enough to take it out of the highly portable category.  The extra weight reinforces the laptop's built quality, so i have no complaints in this section.I especialy like the matte glare resistant screen and backlit keyboard, i had this laptop for two days and it completely spoiled me.  The screen helped alot against eye strain, and the backlit keyboard worked wonders for typing in low light conditions.In short, i loved this laptop but it had two downsides that convinced me to return it.  The track pad!!!  Yes, it is possible to get used to it and there are drivers out there that greatly reduce the problem but the way i type and work i absolutely need a centered trackpad with left and right buttons.  because of the design, it is easy to double click, highlight, click and right click at/on inapropriate times.  That really bothered me and even though i got better at it, and probably would be fully used to it in a week or two, i still prefer the comfort and security of a more traditional track pad.  Another thing that i did not like about the laptop was its heating system.  it got hot enough for me to be concerned about its cooling system and the laptop's longevity because of it.  Also, it got hot enough so that it would be uncomfortable to use as what it is designed to be used as;  a computer that you can put on your lap.all in all though its a well rounded great bang for buck machine.  if it had a traditional track pad i would have kept it despite the heat since it only got like that because i ran it on high settings.  i am hating myself for returning it now....  but i will keep looking around or wait for a similar samsung with all the specs this one has and a track pad more appropriate for me.at the time of my purchase i bought it used in like new condition and got just that for 730.00 dollars