I have owned the 5158 about a month now and am quite pleased with the purchase. I did quite a bit of research before I bought it and for under $500 there was only 1 other laptop out there with comparable specs and it cost a few dollars more and was an Acer. This is my 2nd Toshiba on my 1st the technology got old the puter still runs fine just too slow by todays standards and not worth the cost to upgrade. I am using this to replace my business desktop though and it has been on 24/7 for the last month with no problems. I did add a (BELKIN) powered USB hub and a Cooler Master 3 fan laptop stand and every now and then check the PC health monitor and it run around 50% in both PC fan speed and PC operating temperatures with the additional cooling. I have turned the fans off just to check and on 24/7 it runs a bit hot without them. So I highly suggest the stand if you use your puter for extended periods of time.I also had a couple minor OS system glitches the 1st couple days setting it up and called toshiba for help. I was pleasantly surprised when hold time was non existent and they where even helpful, a major plus if you ever dealt with Gateway or Acer.I could go on but the bottom line is I would feel comfortable telling my best friend to buy this laptop.It's been about 9 months and still running 24/7 with no problems. I did increase the RAM to 8GB and add a W/D My Book Studio II for additional storage and back-up and by the way I highly suggest the W/D external if you have critical data you can't afford to loose it backs up every 2 minutes onto 2 drives automatically . I have nothing but great things to say right now runs like a champ and with the extra RAM is as fast as I need and can have an extremely large amount of operations running with no problems. About the only problems I ever run into have more to do with glitches associated with Windows7 not the Toshiba.Bottom line is I would still feel very comfortable telling my best friend to buy this laptop. In fact I'm buying a 2nd one of these in May if their still available. If not I'll purchase another Toshiba with no hesitation to give to my son to take to college this summer.