If you want a performance laptop with durability and reliability, look no more. ThinkPads have been the top of the line laptops for IBM and now Lenovo. I bought this for half the price of what a MacBook Pro costs and performed some easy installation upgrades such as Solid State drive and 8GB of Ram. With a Macbook you have to do a bit more work just to perform these tedious upgrades (Apple doesn't like it when you open up their products).This Laptop is lightning fast, the keyboard is a joy to type on, speakers are great, webcam view is clear and the very cool thing about this laptop is the Ultra bay hot swap. If you don't use the CD/DVD recordable drive as much, you can easily eject it by pressing the Ultra bay eject tab and insert an additional battery or an extra hard drive for backups. This feature is very very cool and you can't do that on a MacBook Pro!Windows 7 Ultimate 64bit runs flawlessly (thanks to Microsoft)and by far is the best Windows version Microsoft has ever built. The BitLocker encryption is a plus which allows you to encrypt USB, SD cards, folders, files or the hard drive itself for extra protection. But if you want security, this laptop has another cool feature..it has an accurate fingerprint reader that allows you to associate any finger with your password(s). In other words, no more typing passwords to log into Windows. When you boot up your laptop, it prompts you to swipe your finger and presto! Without the finger swipe, no thief or intruder can wipe or access or remove your hard drive without that finger print. You can't do that on a Macbook Pro!!Finally, I love the so called rollcage technology (durable frame inside)that guards it from those accidental drops. It also has a cool drain technology for those accidental spills...you can't do that on Macbook Pro!So do yourself a favor, if want want more bang for your buck with all these extra goodies and performance, get a ThinkPad! I also highly recommend uninstalling any Lenovo software you may not want to use just to free up some space. I only use Lenovo update software, Fingerprint and Power Manager.  Those are all you need!$1600 for top of the line ThinkPad with goodies vs. $2200 for a Macbook Pro (without SSD or 8GB Ram)....the choice is obvious!