My story might be able to bring you an answer if you have concern with reviews about the keyboard.In Dec, 2011, I bought this Acer S3 from Costco because it fits all my needs perfectly and it turns out to be a perfect laptop except one issue - the keyboard. The keyboard looks very nice, like the Mac keyboard, however, it seems I had to press it very hard and right in the middle, otherwise, I will miss keys. It seems the issue is the key only works when you press the center part and hard enough. If you accidentely pressed the corner, you will miss the key @ 80% of the time, especially on keys: 'N', 'M', 'Dot', 'A'... because you had to reach out your finger to those keys and very likely you will miss them. I liked this laptop so much that I was trying to force myself to get use to the keyboard, however after 1 month , I gave up and had to return it...I researched the market extensively after that trying to find a similiar laptop... and eventually I had to come back to Acer S3 since it's simply the best deal in the market. I also read tons of reviews online, some of them complain about the keyboard issue liked me and some claim the keyboard works perfectly, which made me wonder, maybe I got a defect one, so I decided to give Acer S3 one more try.Thanks to Costco, I got a new Acer S3 right away. I drove back home, unpacked it, turned it on and opened a notepad and started tying.... WHAT A HUGE SURPRISE, THE KEYBOARD WORKS GREAT for me this time! It is indeed like most of other reviews said, it's very comfy to type on, I still need to press a little bit harder than usual, but it's very easy to get used to and the most important thing is, I don't miss key this time, even when I pressed at the very corner of the keys. Note, I type super fast and that's why the keyboard is very important to me, and I can tell you this, this keyboard works GREAT!All I want to say is both the good and bad reviews of the Acer S3 keyboard are true, depending on which one you get. Don't be stopped by the bad review and if you did get one with keyboard issue, I would recommend you to exchange one, and you will be happy with what you get. :)