I bought this machine in February and was really excited when it came, although it was a pretty pricey machine.I think for the most part, if you're content with just using the device for general purposes, then this is a great device.  But then again, you can get a basic touch screen laptop for half the price of the Taichi.I bought it so I could use the stylus to make art.  For me, I use programs like Photoshop and ZBrush, which rely on the WinTab driver to function properly.  Both ASUS and N-Trig (the company that develops the stylus) have ping-ponged me back and forth for the past 6 months.  Without the WinTab driver, the pen does NOT have the 256 levels of pressure sensitivity as advertised.  In fact it has no sensitivity at all.  While I do understand that non-artists would use the stylus, to me it seems like a more artist driven tool - one without a real use for a semi-serious artist on the Taichi.You also can't use programs like ZBrush and PS with the lid closed very well since they rely on keyboard shortcuts to function well.  There are external options like the bluetooth keyboards but why?The icing on the cake is ASUS support.  They claim to have a VIP line for Taichi owners.  One day I was on hold for 47-minutes and gave up.  That was the general vibe of calling them over the past few months.  There can't be THAT many Taichi owners out there.  :)But I seriously wish I could emphasize the incompetence and lack of real care the ASUS support team has.  I had 1 agent and 1 supervisor tell me they were going to look into my issue and call me back (and never did) and every time I tried to call and explain the driver situation they knew nothing about how their own technology worked.  I literally have never has a worse customer experience than I did with ASUS.I'm actually going to be looking for something else since this doesn't work for me.  I don't need a $1200 machine to play Angry Birds with the touch screen.I will miss the backlit keyboard and the slick design of the device.Hope I was helpful to anyone else looking to use this for similar purposes.