After receiving the laptop I couldn't be more thrilled. Performance vs Price was amazing. However, with 268 days left in warranty.(about 90 days of ownership so far) Many of the keys are flaky at best and feel like they could break off at any moment. I BABY this thing no drops, no hard typing, nothing. The touchpad has issues and is nearly unusable. I always use a mouse so I wrote it off as a quirk. Well, now the laptop just shuts off, like the battery and cord have just been ripped out. It sometimes happens during first boot, sometimes while checking email.I thought I just got a defective laptop and it's understandable, production line problems happen. I am on a tight budget though and to get the broken laptop I was sold fixed I have to pay shipping myself. So after you add on the $50 of shipping and packaging required by Acer(5 inches of bubble wrap on both sides), oh and you are responsible if shipping damages occur as well so make sure you have enough insurance to cover it, you could have upgraded to a better laptop than this one, or at least "sidegraded" to company with better support. Oh and since it's most likely a motherboard problem, I imagine I will be receiving a refurbished laptop or at least the important parts of one. So now we throw in the fact that I have now paid around $500 for a "used" laptop, because there is no telling how old the replacement is or where it came from. I am OCD and that bother the hell out of me. I say stay the hell away and try ASUS, MSi, or Gigabyte. HP/Compaq laptops I own are worse off than this one. I will stick to custom building my desktops and deal without portability from now on.They also tell you to pack it in the same quality as when they ship them out to insure a damage free ride, but if you tell them you are putting it back into it's retail box you received it in and shipping it in their own Styrofoam and packaging they are quick to tell you no and that it needs a minimum of 3-5 inches of bubble wrap on all sides. So don't believe the "same quality as us" line they will feed you during warranty claim. You obviously need better than theirs.