Five plus  star is the review.  I love my Mac air.  Thank you Apple.  Three months now and no crashes.  Instant on and off.  A standby that works.  Fast and easy.  I was a Microsoft user for years.  Microsoft 7 and 8 stand for 7 or 8 times more problems.  At first I had buyers remorse because I had to learn the new operating system.  After a week the Mac air made 100% common sense.  No more new menus to learn after every new release of Windows or Office.  My windows pc was a boat anchor.  My Mac air is so easy to carry in my work bag.  I have been able to get all my software on the Mac.  I have no idea why companies stay with windows.  The time ms windows takes to boot, the high number crashes, the connectivity issues, the security issues, viruses,  etc., etc., etc.,  The raw waste messing around trying to get the windows based system to work everyday, year after year.  My Apple offers No more Windows' reliability, quality and performance issues wasting my time.  Do I really care about a new operating system from ms windows? I can't wait around for them to get it right.  After 30 years mirco$@&$ still wants me to pay for junk. I  just want something that works and adds value to my life.  I actually enjoy using a computer again.  My Mac has fast turn on, connects everywhere, no crashes, long battery life, no security issues, light weight, easy, easy os and application software upgrades, connects to my iphone and ipad, etc., etc., etc.,I wish I would of never wasted so much of my life with Microsoft upgrades, crashes, viruses, boot time, memory hog, reliability, slow performance, etc., etc., etc.,  I would pay money to line up windows machines and blow them all away with a 12 gauge shotgun. Micr$&@? has no idea the definition of the words useful, reliable, quality, performance, robust and easy.My Mac air has added value buy successfully performing the requested task and having zero computer software and hardware issues.  It easily connects to my iPhone, iPad and the world every time I use it.  Thanks Apple!