This is a beautifully designed laptop in every sense.  It is compact, light, smart, and great looking.  The aluminum case is rugged and durable.  The magnetic power adapter is genius.  The keyboard is the most comfortable keyboard I have ever used.  The auto-dimming screen and keyboard lighting is awesome.  It is also extremely light for the size and comfortable to carry.  Quite frankly, for $2000 I would expect nothing less!My problem is with the OS.  It supposedly has a reputation for not crashing, yet it crashed twice the first day I got it while trying to use Open Office (a program I used on my PC regularly with no problems).  Additionally, I've had problems with the Finder- I would click on "Go" - "Applications" or another menu choice, and the window would appear for a nano-second and then disappear.  Very buggy.  I had to restart to get this to correct itself.Overall, the sturdiness and design is great, but I am unimpressed with the operating system.  Mac people have the perception that Windows crashes all the time, and that has not been my experience at all, and I'm actually having more trouble with Leopard than I have ever had with Windows.That said, with the fact that no other company offers a laptop option that is as attractive in design as Apple, this was really my only choice, and I do not regret it.  It has been worth the minor inconvenience I've had so far and I must admit some aspects of the OS are pretty cool, such as the stacks feature.  Hopefully it stops getting buggy on me!UPDATE:Haha, two days after I wrote this review the backlighting on the screen broke and I had to return it.  I went back to PC and have been on my Sony Vaio ever since.  I bought a second one for my business a few months later and both have been running strong without a problem.  Both Vaios didn't even add up to the cost of a single Mac Book Pro and they actually had faster processors, more memory, and more storage.  After a faulty iPod Photo and Macbook I won't be trying Apple again.  I'm actually embarrassed that I got so wrapped up in their marketing and ignored my better sense on value versus price!