This is my 2nd Chromebook.  I'm still using the old Chromebook (Samsung S5) at my house and I leave the new S3 ARM Chromebook at my girlfriend's house.  Since Chrome is cloud based and syncs so well I go between the two Chromebooks seamlessly.  The Chromebook S3 is faster than my old S5, and the built in speakers are much improved over the weak ones on the S5.While I'm not using the new S3 ARM Chromebook her 8 year old uses it (with supervision) for homework and games.  We set him up a Google account, and he knows how to sign me out and sign himself in. He operates the touch pad better than I can.  He uses the maximize button (shift-maximize) to go in and out of full screen for games.  He plugs it into the charger when he's done. It's kid proof.  No accidental erase of my data since Chrome keeps the two accounts totally separate. My girlfriend and I watch the Google Chromebook commercials that say Chromebook is "The computer for the whole Family" and we totally agree. A Chromebook is not for everyone, but it's good for a lot people young and old.I've had 20 gig of Google Storage (Drive) for over 2 years.  First time I opened Google Drive on the S3 it prompted me and took me through adding the 100gig (free for 2 years).  Drive and the Doc office applications are all I use now.  I've not used Word or Excel since I got the 1st Chromebook (I have Office 2007 on Windows).  I print from the Chromebook using Google Cloud print.I use Chrome for my browser of choice on Window which allows me to use Chrome Remote Desktop (by Google) to access and control my Windows PC from my Chromebook (S3 or S5) when needed. That is really handy.  I use the Chromebook's SSH terminal (CTRL-ALT-T) to access Linux systems instead using Putty (on windows).I can't do everything on a Chromebook and still need Windows a tiny bit. But the S5 Chromebook allowed me to avoid buying a new Windows laptop last year. Now that I have the S3 Chromebook and Google Remote Desktop I have no plan to EVER buy another Windows PC.