This is a surprisingly good laptop for the money! Although I purchase nearly everything from Amazon, I caught a 24 hour special on another site that I just couldn't pass up.After returning two other laptops from another company that did not meet my graphics expectations, I was a little concerned about this one - you usually see these kinds of specs in much higher priced machines. Although the Microsoft Windows Experience Index is not a techie's dream, it does give a standard measurement that indicates how well the computer performs using Windows 7 (scale of 1 to 7.9).After the first start-up, I ran the Index with the installed 2GB memory. Then I installed 4gigs and updated the Graphics and bios. Here's how the numbers came out:Processor:  5.2,  5.3Memory (RAM):  5.5,  5.5Graphics:  3.3,  4.1Gaming Graphics: 5.1,  5.2Primary Hard Disk: 5.9,  5.9These are very decent numbers.x32 and x64 OPERATING SYSTEMS: I wanted x64. I called HP Customer Service and ordered the x64 at no cost. Within less than two days I received the disks via FedEx Express (good, responsive, customer service). Not one disk, but three Windows 7 disks arrived (x32, x64, and a recovery disk).GRAPHICS: Although this is a business-field computer, I need good graphics nevertheless. If I lift this laptop up and put it next to my 24" desktop monitor (with an ATI Sapphire Vapor-X Radeon HD5770 video card that gives me an Index of 7.4), I can hardly tell the difference except the colors appear richer on the HP laptop!KEYBOARD: Excellent. Generous sized keys. Nice border between the main keys and the ten-key area. Keys have a nice touch.TRACK PAD: I find no fault with it.ENCLOSEURE: A stylish black case and keyboard that looks very business professional. The finish shows finger prints easily, but I find that a Meguiar's Supreme Shine microfiber towel remove finger prints without a trace. I also use it on my black keyboard and tower.PROBLEMS: Installing the memory modules was a bit of a chore, but I knew about it before I ever purchased this machine. Be aware that the screw threads are not small - they're tiny.  And the two rubber caps at the back are nothing more than two thin rubber caps with sticky on the backs. An Exacto blade makes them easy to remove.I'm delighted with this laptop.