I'm not sure why there are so many negative reviews, but it seems that the left hinge issue is the biggest one.  All I can say about that is if you are spending this much on a laptop these days, it would be wise to include the four square protection program.  I didn't, but may go back and correct that.  Anyway, this laptop is heavy compared to others on the market, but it's also the most powerful, and sturdy feeling that I've ever owned by far.  For laptops I've always been a Mac guy, but for less than a new Macbook Air, I can't believe I got this kind of power, and really, who can't lug around ~six pounds?  It's quiet and fast; overclocking to 3.4ghz, and I'm even starting to get used to Windows 8.  I'm actually not into heavy gaming but I do a lot of multitasking, and you won't see "buffering" messages on this machine as videos load up while you are working on something else immediately.  For the first time ever, I didn't need to add any upgrades to this box.  It's perfect "as is", other than the free disc eject app shortcut that I downloaded for the desktop.  People will say that to enjoy Windows 8 you need a touch screen, but I say that the finger pad works just fine to simulate that and keeps the fingerprints off your screen.  And the included port selection makes this thing totally versatile to be your source for HD monitors, blue ray players, you name it.  It also doesn't build up near the heat of my old Macbook Pro.  I'll always have a soft spot for Mac OSX, as that is a real operating system, but proprietary power cords, software, etc. gets old, not to mention the price just to get the basics.  It's too bad Atari computers, like the ST didn't hang around to keep Apple's prices down, as back then anyone who cared about graphics would never have touched a DOS based box, but that's the way the cookie crumbled. Lastly, I wanted a laptop that is going to last me three to five years as technology changes and this will do the trick with room to grow the RAM and upgrade the HDD to an SDD down the road.  Bottom line; at least to me, this is truly an excellent value and I'm happy.