I first want to comment on Amazon's incredible service. I am a resident of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and a customer of amazon for some time now. I have never had any problems with anything from the company but on the 29th of August I ordered a Mac-book Pro 13 inch Computer, it was to be delivered on the 4th of September. According to the tracking number it was delivered to the address that I use in the US for this purpose. On the 26th of September, after trying a number of avenues, I contacted Amazon telling them of my problem, so as to get some advice on how to track it down.I was incredibly but pleasantly surprised when I was offered a refund or replacement, where I come from this would never happen for an Item of this value.I did take a replacement and was willing to pay for expedited shipping when I was told that the company would do this for me at no extra cost, I am happy to say I received my mac-Book on the 1st Of October. I  am forever grateful to this company since a mac-book of this type costs approximately $12000.00 Trinidad and Tobago dollars and I have been saving for this for some time now.  I would like to say that Amazon has a customer for life since in reality it was no fault of their own the item went missing. Thank you Amazon and your wonderful staff( I think they all deserve a pay raise ;).Now on to the Mac-Book, while I never had a laptop PC before, I have had the use of quite a few, I am a practical person but if form can match function I would be satisfied. The Mac-Book is an amazing piece of hardware engineering, its beautiful to look at and exudes class, the screen is amazingly clear and crisp and the trackpad is heavenly to use. While there can be more USB ports, I suppose as a laptop there wouldn't be too many accessories attached since it may as well be a desktop. Another problem is that with extended use it becomes hot not overly so but it is quite noticeable. I am yet to fully explore the operating system and the programs on the computer but from the use that I did have, it is quite user friendly and  has exceeded my expectations.The one problem I do have is that there are some windows programs that have been the mainstay of the tasks that I usually have to perform. On the other hand the windows OS can be installed on the machine thereby giving the best of both worlds. Maybe a little later on I would update this review but for now I am a quite satisfied Customer.(PS: Up to the time of Writing this review I have not heard a thing about the first machine i ordered even though it was signed for by someone named La Fuente)