As of writing, the only laptop that really compares to this is the Macbook Air.  You do get less battery life with the Vaio, however in exchange you get a faster processor, higher resolution screen, smaller machine, lighter machine, touch screen, faster SSD drive (sony uses PCI-E connector), better screen (according to reviews I saw, the triluminous display is better than MBA's screen.So, In my mind it's worth it.  I've only had it for a few days but I can tell you it's pretty good at playing Civilization 5 and web browsing.  The touch screen is handy for both these tasks actually.  Also, a good thing to note is the SD card fits all the way into the laptop instead of sticking out like on some other laptops.What do I dislike about this laptop?If I am resting my hands on the laptop and trying to click using the track pad, it sometimes doesn't work.  Because of the way the carbon fiber body flexes, it sometimes flexes in such a way that makes it impossible to click.  To get around this, i have to raise my hands a little bit, then I can click.  This is a little annoying.Also, I have found that it is not possible to boot from the SD card slot.  This will probably not matter to most people, but I was hoping I could boot an alternate linux partition that would exist on the SD card to save space on the SSD drive.  I dont' want to put it on the SSD because I'll only occasionally need to boot into that OS.  This means I will have to use a USB drive to hold my Linux partition.  Life is difficult sometimes.I purchased the base model with 4GB memory and 128GB SSD.  It's still great.  Exactly what I was looking for in a laptop. Sleek, thin and fairly fast.  If you're considering a Macbook air, in my opinion this is worth the premium unless you really want to use OSX.Update:If possible install a fresh version of windows 8.1 onto this laptop.  In my opinion it seems to have improved battery life and sleep behavior.  In general it just seems to be performing better.  Otherwise, this is a great thin and light laptop that I use almost every day around the house.  Recommend.