Asus N61jV-x2 Hardware:LCD: A lot of people were complaining about the resolution being only 768X1366. But honestly for the daily use ie watching movies, casual gaming, surfing the web, etc.. it is crisp enough. The contrast is good enough. the brightness is adjustable( So it is not painful to the eyes as some people say)Sound: (Altec SRS) is pretty acceptable in my opinion, it is loud and clear enough..Trackpad: responsive,the button is not stiff or hard to press. the multitouch feature is pretty cool once u get used to it.KeyBorad: feels kinda cheap and it can get noisy when u type fast. It is a full keyboard however the numpad is squished and can hardly be used without making an error( oh well may be I didn't get use to it yet). Also there is a slight flex when keys are pressed.Battery life: is surprisingly good thanks to nVidia optimus.. the battery can actually last CLOSE to 4 hrs if u set it on the power saver mode performing less demanding tasks. nVidia card doesn't switch unless needed for gaming and applications of the like. casual surfing the web and less intensive graphic applications will run on the intel card; which saves the battery.USB 3.0: is a pretty cool addition it transfer files real fast. really helpful if u transferlots of data from a portable Hard Driveestata port & HDMI: work fineWebCam 2.0: The webcam is not as responsive to movement as I hoped for. It will not produce a quality video because the fbs is just too low. However for a snap shot it will do the job. For video conference ie skype, etc... I didn't tested but I'd think it will be slow if not slower.The laptop doesn't get hot, very cool most of the time. Thankfully the fan is on the side.The overall, the build quality is very solid, the laptop is not heavy or bulky and it is portable.Buttom line: N61 jv-x2 is an awesome laptop that can deliver great performance with a decent battery life. this laptop is ideal for office work, entertainment,and gaming. With such price tag I think it is a pretty sweet deal.