I bought this as a mid level gaming laptop to replace an old Acer 1.8 Ghz celeron running XP that is on its last leg. I can not compare the two, this is my first HP and second laptop. I am VERY happy with the performance increase in every way. The glossy charcoal grey and case look cool and all the LED's are a bright white, a bit starry looking. I have been using my new HP daily for almost three months, mostly on AC power, with gaming, movies and basic internet stuff. I've installed eight games (Legend of Grimrock, Trine 2, Civ 5, Mount & Blade collection, Metro 2033, Clones, Zen Bound 2 and Darksiders) and played many demos through Steam. All my games work fine, no problems. Not all work well on the highest graphical settings, though look cool when game settings are tuned. I searched a few websites and the statistics for this computer claim it will play "almost any" game on the market now. If it can't play a Windows 7 compatible game on high settings, it will play it on lower settings for sure. The HD 1600x900 screen is bright and crisp. The speakers are loud and clear. The keyboard is quiet and responsive. I like the style and shape of the keys. Boot time to the desktop is just over a minute, after I removed a few unnecessary background programs. Other than that I have not modified anything. It was easy to set up and understand. HP has some nice assistant software included also.A few cons, but minor: The power plug is on the right side and I like to use a mouse so I must arrange the wire out of my way. The mouse pad buttons are designed strange and blend with the laptop case surrounding them, which makes the buttons somewhat difficult to find by touch in low light. The glossy case attracts finger prints easily but the grey hides them a bit. And, the case access door on the under side is a bit sticky and needs a little extra love to get it open.I have been really enjoying this laptop and would definitely consider another HP. Also I will max out the memory to 8 GB soon, that might help with some game settings.Damien