After going through 3 PC's in the last 5 years, I finally decided to switch to a Mac.  I've used macs before in high school, but stayed away due to its very high price and what seemed to be, mediocre performance.  With that being said, Apple has changed a lot in the last 5 years.  I mean, I literally don't know anyone who doesn't have an ipod. With Apple slowly taking over the world, and Windows becoming more and more complicating, I decided to to spend the extra money and get a mac.  And it was the right decision.I was deciding between this 11" macbook air and the 13" macbook pro.  I ended up picking this MBA because of portability, which was a major factor in my decision.  Also, I decided to pass completely on the 13" MBA because you can get an entry level 13" MBP for much less (Due to the fact that you have to purchase extras such as an External Drive and extra storage) and is much more practical.  The MBA is 2 pounds lighter then both the MB and MBP, and is also the smallest size screen offered by Apple.  Although processor speeds said to be a lot slower then the MBP it actually isn't that bad.  I use Microsoft Office for school and dont have any problems with it.  I'm sure most users wouldn't know the difference if Apple just stuck a higher processing speed on the box.  As far as gaming goes, I really don't play that many games and wouldn't recommend it to an extreme gamer, but I just bought Starcraft 2 and it works fine.The one downfall of the MBA is the fact that you are going to have to spend an extra 50 to 100 dollars for an optical drive ($80 for MBA Superdrive) .  But other then installing software, you will be surprised to see how little you actually need an optical drive.If you need a bigger hard drive, want a bigger screen, just have to have an optical drive, or if you are on a tight budget go for the entry level 13"MBP which is the same price.  But if your looking for the most portable laptop to carry around with you or just need a computer to do simple tasks such as Surfing the internet, watching videos, downloading music, and running Office.  the 11" MBA is perfect.Oh and Maybe it's just me, but a backlit keyboard isn't that important. if you cant see the keys with the light from the screen, I would suggest glasses.