Other than myself wanting a laptop with HDMI In, I haven't had any complaints about it.Touchpad/KeyboardI like the fact that like my previous Toshiba 17-inch laptop, I still have a more or less full keyboard including number pad.The keys are well separated and have more of a Mac feel to them which is good for when I am eating around my laptop which is something I do a lot so I don't get crumbs all inside the keys.The touchpad has a cool feel even after having the computer on for over 3 hours. It has nice large buttons, which makea loud but not distracting click when you push them.Display/OutputsThe screen doesn't show glare even in direct light which is great.It has an HDMI Out port for HDTV display capability and a VGA port for those who would want to setup a second monitor or TV with VGA (which I have used and it works flawlessly)InputsIt has 3 USB 2.0 ports these are good for using mice, cables, or nearly anything with a USB output.A Headphone-In and Microphone-In which is perfect for Skype or listening to pretty much anything on the laptop.Built-in WebcamThere is a built-in webcam, I think it puts out good quality for a built-in camera. But usually I need to turn on the low light compensation because my house has bad lighting at times.Built-in MicrophoneI like that it has a built-in microphone as well. Although I don't really use it as I have a microphone already. It is still good to have that option if some gets messed up.DVD DriveNow onto the disc drive. Yes, the laptop has a DVD burner which I am very happy about, as many computers (especially newer models) are losing the disc drive completely.Operating SystemThe laptop had Windows 7 Home Premium out of the box. Which is great. After about 5 or so months of using Windows 7 I upgraded to Windows 8 and I have not had any real major problems. Other than program compatibility issues and some pre-installed programs randomly deleting from my computer I am not having any problems with the laptop whatsoever.Battery LifeThe battery isn't usually what I use for power but on high performance I was able to get at least 4 hours out of the battery.I haven't tried any other power settings. As I likely run off of the AC Adapter.AC AdapterThe AC adapter which comes with the laptop is perfect, unlike my Toshiba which went through maybe 3 Ac adapters within the 4 years I used it. The plug is great and it isn't separated from it's housing when you plug it in. It stays where it should.I am hoping this will help some looking for a good review.