I bought this laptop for $300 and its a very great buy! It was just what I was looking for I cheap and efficient laptop that will do extra misc. stuff that I wanna do. I didn't buy this laptop with the intention to game on it My desktop is what I use for PC gaming). I got this laptop so I can watch video's, listen to music, and go on the internet obviously it does all these things easily.With the way my homegroup is set up I can stream everything on my Desktop to my Laptop easily and enjoy a show or listen to music on my bed with ease and not using any harddrive space on my laptop (even though this isn't a problem). I can also add files to my laptop from my desktop with just a simple click and drag.I technically got this laptop in a day. I ordered from a company name BLINQ. The shipping was $13 but well worth it since it only took a day to get here and I got this laptop for super cheap. There was some slight scratches around the screen but nothing truly damaging or a turn off from the way it looks (which the silver looks great)No DVD drive (could be a turn off for some), 4 USB ports (awesome), HDMI port (This would be a nice touch if I just happen to have a PC monitor or even a big TV then I can stream my laptop to my TV instead of having to use a small laptop screen) and VGA port (Refer to the HDMI port some HD TV's do have a VGA port), and a Memory card reader. (SD card etc etc). I find myself comparing this to a Macbook Air alot even though the Macbook air is indeed lighter but this has much more ports ALOT cheaper and the specs are almost the same (1.6 GHz processor/ 4 GB of RAM)I think my one complaint is that the battery doesn't last 6 hours on what I would consider "normal use". This includes music and internet streaming. I think if I'm listening to just music I may last a little over 4 hours heavy internet usage may last me 3 hours. I guess if I was just using it to type something in word then the battery may last for up to 6 hours but idk... if that's the case then dont shout such a high number better to say low and have people be impressed by the overall outcome then shout high and don't hit your mark (Assuming that made sense)