I finally took the time to write this review.Four months ago I decided to change my old notebook and buy a top notebook. After a lot of research I decided to pick this Dell XPS 15Z, due to its good hardware specifications, high screen resolution and good aluminium casing. No one can denies this notebook looks beautiful, but it doesn't worth the problems it brings.To be more specific, I will write one by one the troubles that I have with this piece of problems.1. As soon as I turned it on, I could already notice that the fan makes a strange noise once in a while. You can see further details about it if you google "XPS 15z grinding noise". There will be plenty of results to prove that maybe all the piece sold come with this problem.2. After one or two months, the notebook started to show a blue screen of death whenever I would turn it on. For first I thought it was a hardware problem, since usually the BSoD is related to it. So I decided to use the Dell recovery tool, which basically restores your computer to the original factory image. When performing this procedure, the DataSafe tool (a backup tool provided by Dell) said all my files would be available on my Desktop after rebuilding the factory image. And yes, they there. However, what I didn't know was that all my files would be encrypted and that the DataSafe tool provided by Dell wouldn't be able to open them. Whenever I would try to open my files, the program would tell me the files were corrupted. Resuming everything, I lost all my files. I even tried to make use of the online support provided by Dell. A guy connected on my notebook and seemed to have no idea on what he was doing (he basically tried to open the files, the same thing I did).3. I tried to make use of the change of ownership tool provided by Dell since I am currently living in Brazil. Seriously, I have contacted them more than 10 times and this change is always denied after some days of wait. I have never had so much trouble with support in my whole life.4. Today, out of sudden, the trackpad went crazy. Whenever I touch it, the arrow starts behaving in a random way. And guess what, I typed trackpad crazy on google and got many results. It seems like the trackpad is unstable with several drivers and I haven't found a solution for it yet.To resume everything. I am extremely sad that Dell didn't create a quality product. Seriously, it looks like that problems are appearing all the time and sometimes they suddenly disappear. And actually I was pretty much convinced that all Dell products were good when I was buying this notebook. So, I changed my mind and really wouldn't recommend anyone to buy this PIECE OF PROBLEM.