Got the Asus 1015e for a long trip all over the South Pacific (3 countries). Did not want to bring my MacBook Pro as I didn't really need it & I needed to keep my carry on bag's weight down (was loaded with camera gear). IPad was not an option as I needed to have something to back up my pictures on. And I wanted a keyboard for email, changing/ making travel reservations during the trip. I did lots of research on this Asus. Reviews seemed pretty good for what it is and what it is intended for. So I ordered this, it came the next day and was satisified right away. It started up quick and connected to my WiFi right away. AC/Batt charger is small & that helps. Screen is a matte screen (what I wanted) and decent. I downloaded Firefox and MalwareBytes right away. Took a little while getting used to the screen size, but got used to it. I did get a small mouse for this and it is much easier to use a mouse than the mousepad. So I highly recommend getting a mouse for this Asus. Unit fit in my Lowe Trekker backpack just fine. On this trip I also took an IPod Touch for WiFi backup. I also got a protective sleeve for this, going for  12 inch sleeve which leaves a little wiggle room. The 10 inch sleeves I looked at were a little tight because of the rear battery bump. Battery life has been good so far and YouTube videos ran OK. I did not do any intensive photo editing work on this, just back up of pix. I had no problem connecting to WiFi in either Australia, New Zealand or Tahiti with this unit. One thing to consider, when going on big trips, make sure you know/have all you passwords and pin numbers with you. This is just in case Google, MSN or Yahoo questions you about logging in from a foreign location & or computer. So I do recommend this as a lightweight basic netbook, perfectly good for email, internet, Facebook and picture back up storage. And so far, no issues depsite lots of bumps and travel. I did try to be gentle with it as it is a plastic case. I have not yet, but probably will get a small/slim DVD player/burner for this