The graphics processor on this and many other HP laptop models runs so hot that over time it actually melts the low grade solder HP uses to construct these units.  This causes the graphics processor to lose electrical connectivity with the mother board.  The unit powers up (lights go on) but the screen stays totally black.  There is a big class action lawsuit in the formative stages regarding this very issue.  When you examine the motherboard from this model (and every other HP laptop since the Compaq/HP merger) one thing is striking...the motherboard thickness is about half that of any Sony VAIO model or Toshiba unit.  HP engineers also elected to use a single heat sink to cool both the GPU and the CPU.  The fix for this endemic HP laptop problem involves either reheating the GPU to readhere the solder to the motherboard or, better, removing the GPU, cleaning up the low grade solder, and resoldering the GPU with a higher grade solder that will not degrade at GPU operating temps.  If the high temps and inadequate heat sinking has caused mother board warpage, you're looking at a new motherboard.  When the computer is reassembled copper shims should be fabricated to place between the GPU, the CPU, and the heat sink.  Use thermal conductive paste also.  There are a number of YouTube videos that go through all this and the fixes in detail.In summary, HP laptops seem to be steadily declining in quality.  This is due to a combination of poor engineering and the use of inadequate quality materials.  A laptop should last at least 5 years.  These current production HP laptops often fail between one and two years.  That is, right after the factory warranty runs out.  Sony and Toshiba don't suffer from these issues near as often as HP, Dell, and even Apple does.  The few dollars HP saves in producing these laptops costs the consumer hundreds down the road.  Cost to fix the above problems ranges from $125 + shipping to $400 plus.  Thus these repairs may not make economical sense.  A new laptop purchase is mandated.  The only vote the consumer has is with his/her wallet.  Until HP fixes this endemic problem, consider purchasing your laptop from a different manufacturer.