I got this as an open box with an education discount when my desktop died. These discount put the MBA into my price range and I couldn't be happier.It's really an amazing machine. I'm not a fanboy of Macs or PCs. I've used PCs since the '80s and know my way around them pretty well.The instant-on features and battery life of about 10 hours makes this more like using an iPad than I ever would have thought. It's great to just pull out and get to work; no startup delay, no looking for a plug, and it's silent (I don't know if it has a fan, but I've never heard it). The SSD makes programs open nearly instantly. And it comes with Pages, Numbers and Keynote to get you up and running with productivity apps.Biggest pluses over everything else:- Best trackpad I've ever used: I never would have thought I could get used to a trackpad after almost unusable experiences on nearly every PC laptop I've used. It's huge, sensitive and nearly always makes sense after just a couple minutes of figuring out the gestures.- Long battery life: This really has all-day power. No need to find a plug or carry a bulky cord (this cord is actually not much bigger than an iPad cord and very portable).- Macs seem to make better use of screen space. It's hard to look at an 11-in Macbook and realize that's the same screen size as Windows netbooks. Multiple desktops, smart use of full-screen and fast gestures to navigate them help a lot.- Light and well built. Macs are known for this and it's no joke. Every aspect seems well thought out.Things to consider:- I got the base model because it was available but 256 GB would be a lot better than 128 GB. (Base OS install is about 12 GB; another 20 for included apps, Photoshop, MS Office, Xcode; 10s of GBs more for music, and that space goes quick). You really need to think about what files you need to keep on your computer and shift some to external backup drives. The extra space would all be available for downloads, pics, files.- There are still some things the iPad does more intuitively with dedicated apps, like keeping your Facebook current and Pandora playing.- More RAM. I'm not a power user but there are times I think I've got too much going on.- Retina display would be nice.Bottom line: With an external drive this makes a perfectly fine desktop replacement if you don't run ridiculously intensive apps -- you probably know who you are -- and if you're not a gamer. It seems every bit as good as the base MacBook Pro model. With the discounts, this wasn't a choice between this and higher MacBooks but a choice between this and midrange Windows laptops. There are some interesting things going on with the transformables and touch screens, but I'm completely satisfied with my choice.