I have been using a pc for MANY years... in fact, my pc knowledge has definitely helped me advance in my banking career (technology and banking). I used to build pc's, troubleshoot, fix, etc...Let me tell you from beginning to end to get a pc the way I want it from a fresh install is about 3.5 hours. Macbook fresh install done much quicker and programs install much faster. Plus, mac gives you restore disks, not bullcrap partition on your hard drive. Also, you dont see the junk that you do on new pc's.Enter the macbook. Mine> 2.4 ghz core2 duo, 4gb ram, 13.3 white.  I love this damn thing.Story: my brother gets accepted to Cal and has no money for a laptop. I give him my hpdv6701 (great pc but w/ vista, eghhh).  so im in need for a new laptop. I hear about macbooks so I go to best buy and check them out. I was hesitant at first but its because of my lack of knowledge about macs...I was trying to compare based on specs but not power/performance. I thought they were expensive (they are) but rightly so. A comparable pc would be the same price, if not more expensive!! DONT COMPARE 500-600 DOLLAR PC'S TO THIS MACBOOK BASED ON SPECS....THE PROCESSOR IN THIS MACBOOK IS STELLAR!!!I made the decision to buy and WOW, i am totally impressed.  Somethings were different in making the transfer..but lets go over some things for those not to savvy with computers. Now, keep in mind, i had no troubles with my pc's, but im not the average joe, so here goes:pros* for those who dont know how to protect themselves, MACS do not get viruses!!! the old macs had about 60-80 viruses, but the new systems have no documented viruses. Windows? thousands of viruses.*installing applications is drag and drop. EASY*looks are beyond comparison*battery life is excellent*no need to consistently restart computer*powerful processor*weighs less than 5 lbs (13.3 macbook)*powerful (add the 4gb and you fly). BTW, dont upgrade ram through apple, wayyyyy to expensive. Check out new egg dot com*graphics are amazing*i never had to pay for any software but there are some free programs that are fantastic - neo office for those who need productivity comparable to ms office.* it just works, no setting up thousands of optionscons*apple uses mini dvi port for projectors and or external monitors on the macbook (pro uses regular dvi). mini dvi gets loose and just not that good of a connector. wish it was dvi or vga.*if using it for awhile, macbook can get a bit warm. newest versions are not like older ones that had heating problems...if you get an ilap you will be good.*you will not want to get off your macbookconclusion:buy it, its totally worth it.amin---out.