I was a bit underwhelmed when I first fired up my new Acer Chromebook.  It is strictly a Chrome browser - no apps, no desktop shortcuts, and really ineffective when not connected to the internet.Two days later, I am loving this thing more and more.  With a few customizations, it is a truly useful tool.  It's the right size, the keyboard is comfortable, get a wireless mini mouse and you're in business.  It doesn't get to 120 degrees in your lap, and there is no fan going a million miles an hour when you're watching Netflix.  I wish the charger were different, micro USB would have been ideal.  As it is there is a cumbersome brick that goes into the wall outlet and it takes a lot of space.  Not much of a quibble.I was put off by having all the "apps" running in a Chrome tab.  What would traditionally be called the Windows Taskbar is really just that - a collection of shortcuts.  Selecting one opens Chrome, and a tab within the browser goes to that shortcut.  However, RMB on the icon and select "Open as Window" as the icon's default and it opens in its own little space, no tabs or Home icon - looks just like a little app.  Very nice.I've been a big Google proponent for years - Picasa, Docs, Gmail, etc.  I pay for extra storage for my 18Gb of photos in Picasaweb so I never worry about losing my hard drive on my desktop.  Using Picasa on the Chromebook is a no-brainer.  Likewise, there is Google Cloud Print that allows you to print from the Chromebook (or any Chrome browser for that matter) to your own printer.Google Remote Desktop lets you access your PC and remotely display it on the Chromebook.  The one program I can't do without is Quicken, and there's no Chrome or online equivalent.  So I use Remote Desktop and get at it that way.MightyText SMS lets you text from Chrome!  No more annoying Swype mis-spells if you have your Chromebook handy and you're in a text conversation.I highly recommend this (or any ) ChromeBook.  Sorry to say, I did get mine elsewhere for $139 (g r o u p o n)....