I bought the HP G60-630us and returned it a few days later. It has one HUGE and fatal flaw: the built-in microphone is EXTREMELY bad. If you are absolutely sure you will never want to use this laptop for anything involving the microphone (like video chat) then you will probably be happy with this purchase. But if there is a sliver of a chance you'll want to use the microphone at some point, then AVOID, AVOID AVOID.I was happy with this model the first few days I had it. I liked the look, the feel, and the fast response. It really suited my basic needs.  Then I tried to Skype (live video chat) with family members. They could barely hear me and could not understand what I was saying due to the excessive backround noise, inceassant audio drop-out, and fluctuating levels in my microphone. It was horrible. I had to write what I wanted to say on Skype; this microphone is literally unusable.I spent a long time trying to readjust the microphone settings but nothing helped. I tried an external mic and it was just as bad.I took the laptop in to the place where I purchased it to see if their tech staff could help. A day later the tech called me with bad news. There was nothing he could to to fix this mic. He also said he tested two other G60-630us units in the store and found the same exact problem. He tested two additional HP models in the "G" line, and found the microphone problem in those models, too.His conclusion: Likely ALL the HP "G" models have this horrible built-in microphone problem and there's not a way to fix it.He did test some other HP models besides those in the "G" series. He reports microphones in the HP "D" series (like the DV6-2150us, which, unlike the G60-630us, uses a digital microphone) worked just fine. I tested the microphone on the "D" unit display model and was pleased with the result. I will likely buy that "D" line model as my replacement for this "G" model.In conclusion: AVOID, AVOID, AVOID the HP G60-630us and it's ultra-horrible built-in microphone. To be safe, avoid buying any HP with a "G" in the model number unless you test the microphone first.