I'm somewhat surprised by the other reviewers having problems as they have. I have had mine for almost 3 months and I have no big issues. The touch pad does take some getting used to but mine doesn't need excessive pressure. The one thing it does occasionally is go into zoom mode accidentally, but I think it's caused by touching it at more than one place while typing. I went in to the options and set it up like I like it when it was days old. The keyboard is reasonably good for me. It's not the best I've ever tried, but it is far from the worst and I prefer it to the HP and the Acer that are also in my household. I like the Mac keyboard my daughter has a little better.I don't have any other issues. I bought mine from one of the large vendors that allow you to customize the laptop when you buy it. I put a 120GB SSD in lieu of the standard primary drive and  a 750GB 7200 RPM unit as the secondary drive. I deleted the Blu-Ray burner and replaced it with a cheaper Blu-Ray player to cut the cost a little bit and because I don't anticipate burning Blu-Ray discs. I don't remember the other changes, but there were a few. I have 8GB of RAM, but slightly better than the original. I had the software installed by the vendor after the changes were made, without putting all the ASUS bloatware back in.The monitor is very, very good. I had a previous ASUS (M70) with the same resolution but the colors were washed out on that one when watching movies or playing games. This one is fabulous. Everyone who tries it is very impressed. I like the way it gets rid of heat. I would prefer a different 12V connection because I like to hold it between my legs in a recliner occasionally and it sticks out in the way. The Mac solution is the best and I don't know why all vendors don't do something similar. Oh, yeah, the touch pad is getting shiny where I use it all the time. I've only played one game on it: Sniper- Ghost Warrior. It runs it at max settings without problems and it is beautiful. It is awkward to use this touch pad for gaming and I would prefer a mouse if I wasn't sitting in my recliner. Because of back problems, I can't sit upright in a different chair for long periods playing games, so for me I just make do. I might try some kind of a game controller.I hope that this helps some of you to see that not all are dissatisfied.