I bought an Acer Aspire Pc 6 months ago and the dvd burner has went out. I spent hours today on the phone with them having me to factory reset my computer (they had to look it up to find out how that was done and I was already in the process of it being restored before they said go to start menu. It took me a couple of hours to remove stuff from my computer to my external (and i probably missed some stuff) plus i have to reload all my programming that the restore deleted. This would absolutely fix my dvd burner.......of course it didn't. Than i had to call back and I talked to another CRS to have him keep repeating (rudely)First he said i had to send my whole computer in, i refused, I had read too many bad reviews of people sending their whole computer in and the company saying it was banged up in transport and they had to have $200 to fix the cosmetic problems before they would fix internal problems. When I refused and asked for a new dvd burner sent to me with a return postage sticker so i could send my old one back he told me I had two options they could take my credit card number and put a hold of $150 and they could send out me out a new dvd burner and if i sent the other one back (like i have use for one that doesn't work) or I could send mine in and they would send me a new one out........I told him that that was unacceptable. I asked for his supervisor and the supervisor (another very condescending and rude person) would only repeat the same thing. I asked to be transferred to his supervisor and was told he answered to no one, and hung up on me. Than i called back and they had me uninstall and reinstall my dvd burner and that was a guarantee fix. It wasn't. I am at wits end what to do. I have read way to many reviews of people sending their stuff in and never getting it back and I will not pay $150 for something that you can buy in the store for around $50 and to top that off the way they run their business i would never give them my credit card number. They are the most unorganized and rude company it has been my misfortune to meet. Do Yourself a favor.......DO NOT BUY ACER PRODUCTS!!!!