We bought this system to be an inexpansive instrument controller. Was OK out of the box (keyboard layout takes a little getting used to, but bright screen, light, long battery life). However, when some BSODs occurred, our IT techs recommended an upgrade from Win 7 Home to Win 7 Pro both for better security as well as program compatibility.As we have since learned from searching online as well as our experience, the B575 does NOT handle clean installs of Win 7 Pro (even with complete driver sets downloaded from the Lenovo support site). The are two major problems:1) Power downs don't work right. No matter how you power down the unit (hibernate, sleep, etc.) the only way to get the system back is to hold down the power button for ~10 seconds, thus causing a hard power off and requiring a cold restart. Nothing else works. At all. Unless you do a hard power down right away, the system will also stay in some kind of sleep mode until the battery drains.2) Wireless access requires a workaround each time you boot. If you autoboot, the system will see the wireless card and claim it is working OK, but WILL NOT be able to see any networks, and there will be a red X through the wireless icon. Nothing you do can fix it. The ONLY way to make it work is to hit F12 during the cold boot sequence and enter the boot manager. When you do that, select either "start from hard disk" or "Windows boot manager" (doesn't matter which) and the wireless will work when the boot completes. Go figure. If you miss the 2-3 second window for hitting F12 (as indicated by bottom line of boot screen) you will need to restart and try again.Lenovo's only response so far has been to offer to sell us (for $89) Win 7 Home DVD's along with a migration to Win 7 Pro. In response, our IT department's response is to shake their heads and steer people away from these laptops. Clearly Lenovo's loss.I'm hoping some improved drivers will be made available soon (I'd add another start if that happens), but Lenovo tech support didn't seem to be aware of the problem, despite similar postings on the Lenovo user community website.