If you use a Gmail address and the world is good, you should have one of these.  During this review, if I call out a limitation, remember... you only paid $250.Build:  Excellent and I believe it can survive the road.Battery life:  Better then average, 5-6 hours under pretty heavy realistic usage, I wear out before it does. Recharges fairly quickly.Display:  Clean and bright enough.  Pages display fairly quickly.Keyboard:  Intuitive for the Internet, keys well spaced with good feedback though I won't be writing any novels on it.Bluetooth:  Targus is a household name in portable computing.  My Targus laptop mouse is not compatible with the Chromebook BT. Go figure???  Ordering a Samsung mouse to use with a Samsung Chromebook... fingers are crossed.  Phone and stereo headsets... few if any compatible and you will have to wait for more Bluetooth profiles from Goog if ever to resolve.  If you are Bluetooth intensive... do not buy, you will be disappointed.Ports:  One USB 2.0 and one 3.0. My 2.O hub allows expansion so no gripes. No Ethernet jack.  Card reader works well and there is a cell sim port too.HDMI:  Connected to my HD Phillips hotel room TV in "native" resolution with no issues.  Watched a show on Netflix with no problem on a less then stellar hotel WiFi setup. I enjoyed the show, no lag or dropped frames or sound out of sync.  So pretty good for $ 250.Wireless:  Connected every time so far.USB drives and DVD:  External hard drives are supported and seen through the file manager.  External DVDs... don't go there-not supported.  IMO Google needs to fix this because we still own movies and music on CD and DVD that we paid good $ for and I don't have all day to rip them to supported formats for transferring to thumb drives.Printing:  Another thing high on the list to fix.  Dear Google: Even grandma wants to print her 'net recipes on a local printer; and she doesn't have the $ to purchase a new one that is compatible with Google Cloud print.  What were you thinking? At least give us what most Linux builds have.In conclusion:  I really want to take this thing back and spend the extra 500 or 600 dollars to get something that I will do the exact same thing on 90% of the time but never notice any real difference.  Just kidding... the average user will find the utility of this device to be very adequate to the majority of their usage needs.  I give it 4 stars and a small plus if it was allowed and I am keeping it...because it just works, just fine for most of my needs.