I wanted to like this but it was not to be. The problem with the computer is that Samsung got way too cute for its own good. By that I mean, they added too many hardware and software system 'enhancements' mostly to save a little battery life that I would have happily given up to have things be simplified and work correctly. The auto dimming screen is one feature that you will have issues with. The only solution is to turn it off unless you enjoy screen flicker during the night time. They have added a layer of 'easy settings' controls that make things anything but. You set them and each restart you have to set many of them again. Fan noise level when plugged in is unacceptable and the 'Silent Mode' control that quites it down needs to be turned back on each time you reboot and you can bet Silent Mode also limits the processor's power when engaged. Wonderful, you pay beaucoup bucks for a faster processor and can't enjoy it without the annoying fan sounds that come along with it.All of this doesn't even begin to address their tech 'support.' You just KNOW you could have problems when you call the same number that people with their refrigerators do - and have five option buttons to push to get to computers. Their Level 1 tech people are at least on shore during regular business hours but their main solution to every problem is either a system restore and/or send it in for servicing - which takes three weeks and oh, you might get a refurb replacement if they can't fix yours. Nice, buy a new computer that has issues, send it in, wait three weeks and get a refurb because the technician didn't know how to fix yours over the phone. I'd be willing to bet more than half the ones sent in to them could be fixed over the phone if their tech people had a clue.The simple disconnect and bottom line here is this: Product developers who tried to make their computers better by adding things that cause problems and end up making them worse coupled with a tech support system that is laughable. No thanks on both counts!