This item is no longer being sold new online (at least on Amazon) so I'm writing this review for people who may be able to purchase this in-store. I recommend you do NOT buy it.I bought this laptop from Best Buy in February 2011, just like another reviewer did. Now it's December and this thing is failing. It started shutting off at random times. It wouldn't start up Windows once and when I finally was able to log in, I had to reinstall some programs/updates. Now a popup says that Windows has detected a problem with the hard disk and I should backup the computer with an external hard drive or flash drive in order to not lose anything. So basically, I have to spend over seventy dollars in order to buy something with enough GB to backup my entire system and if this things fails (which it probably will any day now) I'll still have to buy another new hard drive (over eighty bucks) and then reupload the backup while reinstalling a bunch of software (which may cost more money). I'm tempted just to buy a new laptop and that shouldn't happen at all within a year. I've lost a bit of faith in Toshiba. This thing looks beast and has a decent webcam and is pretty fast but within 10 - 11 months, it started dying. I could lose all of my data within the next few days. I contacted Best Buy and am waiting to see what they can do.But really if this thing crashes before I can buy something to back it up (and/or if Best Buy does nothing), my music, pictures, videos, Word documents, just everything will be lost. Toshiba never should have put out a product that would destroy stored up memories and files that had to be purchased. This was just a waste of money really. I spent over seven hundred dollars and before the year ended, I was left with an unreliable piece of metal that could go out any day. I keep this thing on for days on end now since if I shut it down, it'll take forever (or possibly never) turn on again and I will have lost it all.So I'm done with my little anti - Toshiba rant but won't diss the brand completely. Just be wary. I'm giving this thing one star on account of the fact that this product can end up completely useless/unreliable within the first 12 months of purchase. I'm going to look at Sony Vaios now...My mother's lasted over 3 years...