I work in software and spend most of my time on my laptop. I'm super familiar with computers and know all the shortcuts and keystrokes. I worked with this laptop for a week before I finally gave up and returned it. Here's why:*Screen Too Sensitive- The screen is too sensitive and continually changed my page when I didn't want it to. While I was working my screen would be changing around and re-sizing when I didn't want it to.*Awkward Touchscreen- The touchscreen works okay for larger tiles, but when you want to point at something small, it doesn't seem to line up with what you are trying to touch.* Mouse too Sensitive- When I used the mouse, if I moved too quickly it assume I was doing a gesture and changed my screen size, changed the page or clicked on something I didn't intend. Moving quickly to the right (a common move with a mouse) would change to the next screen.  I was continually having to adjust back to what I was doing.* Win8 Gestures Don't work well- The gestures that Windows 8 does have built in (close window in a swipe from the top, view all windows in a swipe from the left) didn't really work in this laptop. I would do them again and again and still it would do something I didn't intend.*Tough to Turn Screen- I bought it for the ability to turn the screen around, but it was really tough to do. It only turns in one direction and the arrow for which direction to turn the screen is only one side. I kept trying to turn it the wrong way.*Slow to Turn On- When you open the laptop, I expected it to turn on right away. For some reason it would only do it half the time. The rest of the time I would wait, hit the power button and eventually it would come on.*Working with Lenovo is not fun. While not available on Amazon, I ordered the 256GB SSD from Lenovo's website. Lenovo didn't tell me that hard drive wasn't actually available and changed my order to a 128GB SSD without telling me. This was indicative of my whole experience with Lenovo- emails had broken links and incorrect information, customer service lied that their server was down when I tried, but new emails on different dates also had broken links. When I gave feedback that I had bad service, they tried to justify their poor performance. Even customer service to return the laptop didn't listen to anything I said and just followed a script. I wouldn't ever order from Lenovo again. My feeling is that if customer service is so poor, it makes me wonder about the quality of their devices.