This is the best computer I have ever owned in my life!!!!! I purchased it from Best Buy because of their 18month no interest promotion.  I would have purchased from the Apple store but they only had 12 months no interest, (lost out on 100dls and the free ipod touch for students but meh, figured i would pay more in financing).  I have had windows based computers since the first computer I owned.  My last was an el cheapo Gateway Vista computer.  Computer would lock up regularly, freeze, battery life sucked.  I could get about two hours out of it and that was it.  This MacBook Pro lasts the whole day without a charge!!!!! Usually with wi-fi use and screen brightness turned down to the lowest, and the keyboard backlight off since im in a lighted environment.The "Pro" is extremely user oriented, from the sensors, to the long battery life, to the multi-gesture that im just getting used to.  Usually when plugged in i have it on the medium to lower setting.  The screen and trackpad are made of glass, they scream high quality.  The aluminum uni-body casing is impecable!! Speaking of the screen, the brightest setting i never really have to use because it is so bright! Everything on screen looks crisp and clear and the colors this screen gives are wonderful. It feels so solid and there aren't any noticeable tolerances. It feels extremely solid.  With the awesome aluminum body, no fingerprints and if you get a smudge you just wipe it off.The software it comes with is pretty basic but running a web browser like Chrome or Firefox feels just awesome! No hang ups or slowdowns.  I have opened every program and used the browsers and there hasn't been any slow down or lag!!!This computer was well above my price range and if i hadn't been approved for Best Buy credit probably would not have purchased it.  As a matter of fact i purchased an Acer laptop next door at OfficeMax with a Core i3-330m processor, 4 gigs of ram, 15.6 inch screen, and all the other usually standard stuff for only 479 on a labor day special so I didn't know which one to keep.  Went on recommendations and chose the Pro, and returned the Acer.  I am glad I did.  Its like comparing a Kia to a Mercedes or Lexus. This laptop is that good.If you are in the market for a new laptop and want something that is great with battery life, has wonderful aesthetics (aesthetics aside this is a great computer)  and that actually just works like it is supposed to; BUY THIS COMPUTER YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!