Wow. As a student, I must say this Chromebook is a life saver.Have you ever wanted to remain productive during a whole day spent at classes, but couldn't lug your huge laptop around? Look no further. I always used to catch myself with 10 or 15 minutes to spare before class, or waiting for a professor to arrive. This thing boots up seconds (still amazes me every time I use it), always brings up what you've been working on, and syncs everything flawlessly. I get so much done in those spurts of time. I love the keyboard (I tried being productive with a tablet and connected keyboard...never worked). Typing and opening excel spreadsheets (accounting major) has worked great and transfers onto my big ol' laptop without a problem because everything's online and ready to go. In fact, I grab my Chromebook to type things up even when in my room next to my laptop. It's more comfortable and isn't slowed down by my anti-virus software. It doesn't make noises or heat up either. It brings up all my lecture notes without a problem. And you can bring up multiple windows! You don't know how excited that makes me.The Chromebook is light weight and tiny. You barely feel it's there in your bag. I've gotten many complements on how cute it is. I've read about some people being unhappy with the quality of the screen. I honestly don't notice it at all. It's matte, which I actually prefer. When going back to my laptop, it takes some time to get used to the glossy glare of a normal screen. If I wanted to watch an HD movie, I'd look into buying a TV. It plays Netflix very well.Browsing the web is quick and easy. It has a HDMI port. Also has two USB ports, so the storage isn't lacking. I keep everything on Google Drive and then when I know I won't be working on it again, transfer it to my laptop or USB.Don't kid yourself. For $250 you aren't getting a state of the art computer, but you certainly do get more than you paid for. It's a functional, easy, simple, and, most importantly, productive piece of technology. I'm not worried for it to get a little banged up with the normal wear and tear of bringing it around because of the price. It's definitely priced to be used functionally!Would recommend to a student or someone who wants something for browsing.