I purchased this Toshiba C655-S5082 back in Nov 2010. I was at work during the day and wanted this for my GF at the time so she wouldn't get bored and could surf the net while I was away. She ran off with Satan, but the laptop stays and I'm happy that I bought it.I will get to the cons first...1. The speakers suck they simply aren't loud enough. I plugged in some speakers I kept from my old desktop PC and it's perfect. I can hear sound :)If you take your laptop with you often I would suggest buying some micro USB speakers to accommodate this model. Or buy a different model.2. The pad you scroll the mouse with could be better. It's a little sloppy and not precise like many notebooks. If you use your notebook alot it might drive you a bit nuts after awhile playing line up the arrow to the destination you want to go. I bought a Logitech wireless mouse and love it, it works great with the C655-S5082.3. 2 Gigs of memory isn't really that terrific now a days. I would bump it up to 4 gigs which is the maximum amount of memory this lappy will do. 4 gigs is plenty. Go find yourself a stick of DDR3 2gig memory. I think I paid like $25 for mine a year ago. Just look around you will find it probably for even cheaper.Now the Pros....Intel Celeron processor, sure it's not a Pentium but it's still an intel chip. A year or two down the road when you go to sell this if you decide to.  it being " INTEL " will keep it's value up some over an AMD chip. Not saying Intel make a better chip than AMD by any means. Both pretty equal just one has better resale value or appeal. The Celeron being a cheaper processor works out good for the initial buyer.$299 :) Any way you look at it this is a kick ass deal. I love Toshiba, in my opinion they make the best notebook computer in the business. I have owned a couple Toshiba Satellites over the years and they have impressed.The screen is excellent > very vivid and with great color. Toshiba have some of the best displays for LCD technology LED, they are the makers. In fact they make some of the highest resolution screens for Smartphones too. The screen quality goes pretty far with me. I know all computers and notebooks are High def,  so none will look bad. Toshiba just have screens down better than anyone overall on the computer side. Toshiba make an excellent television set as well. Can you tell I love Toshiba lol.