We got the Apple MacBook Pro 13.3 to replace an aging iMac. The iMac is still functioning for the kids and still works great after 8 years. The issue is we can no longer upgrade to the newest version of OSX thus we don't get the benefits of the new features. The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months. Something we did often when we purchased Windows based laptops.Apple OSX is simple to use and has a more enjoyable and intuitive interface than the new Windows 8. I'm not saying it's for everyone but it's a great solution if you want a simple to use device that you know won't be at the end of it's life cycle in a couple of years.Pros-Great functionality-Integration with iCloud and many of the apps you use on an iPad and iPhone.-Log battery life even with wifi on and streaming movies via netflix-Very durable unibody case-Still has an optic drive-Mag Safe power cord is a nice touch-Intel i5 processor works very well-The chicklet keyboard is AWESOME!-The single best function is the backlit keyboard. There is nothing worse than trying to work on a plane and not being able to see the keys without an overhead light that blinds you.-The track pad is incredible. I'm a person that will not use a laptop without a mouse. I just don't like trackpad's because they never work right. That is until now. I can easily use the Apple Track Pad without any issues and now I don't even travel with a mouse. My bag just got a little lighter. I do however like the Apples Magic Mouse but I really don't need it.-It just works. We found that out when our new MBP found all the office and home printers, installed drivers and started working with no effort on our part.Cons-Heavy compared to Ultrabook laptopsRecommendations: I would definitely recommend 8 Gigabytes of RAM. Just because the processor is a 64bit architecture and can efficiently utilize the RAM. I wouldn't by the factory RAM just because it's expensive. Amazon has a nice selection of RAM from various suppliers that will work. We went with the Corsair Vengeance 8GB (2x4GB) DDR3 1600 MHz (PC3 12800) Laptop Memory (CMSX8GX3M2A1600C9).If you have never installed RAM in a Mac Laptop go out on YouTube and watch a couple of videos. It's very easy to do but it's nice to have someone walk you through it first to get a little confidence.