I paid 2000 dollars when I custom built one of these systems from Dell's online store.  At first the system running Vista home premium was great, fast and ran all the programs and games I could ever want.  After about 3 months the wireless card began failing, dropping connections and then died altogether.  So I purchased a D-link wireless adapter and my wireless was faster then it had ever been with the crappy Dell wireless mini card.  At this time I really began to also notice the system starting to degrade in performance big time.  I was running 64bit Vista and the 6gb ram wasn't even noticeable as it increased nothing and was a waste of money to add to this system.  The XPS was now performing slower than my year old Gateway T series, and the XPS had dual core processor, 6gb ram, Nvidia video card, etc  The boot up times got a lot longer too and it seems with the XPS that by just installing programs (even small ones) or games that the system got progressively slower even though it was built and paid for to handle it.  The laptop gets extremely hot and unstable when playing games like Oblivion or even watching youtube which Im puzzled with.  Also now when playing games and starting up the system crashes several times a week for no reason other than cheap unreliable hardware.  Another extremely stupid, annoying feature of any dell notebook I have used (XPS, Inspirion, Latitude) is after ripping approx two cd's worth of music or burning two or three dvd/cd's or changing disc's the dvd rom slot loading drive stops working and goes missing from the my computer screen like you don't even have a dvd rom drive, how stupid is that.  This laptop sucks.  This will be my last Dell system as their 2000$ XPS or 500$ Inspirion or Latitude all have the same horrid performance and are nothing but the same cheap, unreliable garbage hardware with different housings.Oh and as the above reviewer said Dell does not stand by their warranty.  Here is the Dell Limited Warranty on their products and as you can read it covers basically nothing.What is not covered by this limited hardware warranty?This limited hardware warranty does not cover:Software, including the operating system and software added to the Dell-branded hardware products through our factory-integration system, third-party software, or the reloading of softwareNon-Dell branded products and accessoriesProblems that result from:External causes such as accident, abuse, misuse, or problems with electrical powerServicing not authorized by DellUsage that is not in accordance with product instructionsFailure to follow the product instructions or failure to perform preventive maintenanceProblems caused by using accessories, parts, or components not supplied by DellProducts with missing or altered Service Tags or serial numbersProducts for which Dell has not received paymentNormal wear and tearF-Dell.