I would have given it a 4 except for the touch pad.Pro -* The screen is nice. (I came from a different computer that had same size, so for me it's similar but color seems a bit better.)* The keyboard, like all the HP keyboards has a good feel.* Not heavy at all. Much less to lug around.* Unlike some laptops, the WiFi seems pretty sensitive. My previous laptop had very good reception at quite a distance. This one isn't as good, but it's better than many.* Doesn't seem to need a fan good enough to make it fly in the Reno Air races. Quiet, haven't had overheating problems. A previous high-end HP laptop did.Con -* After 2 months, the I on the "I" key is worn off and there is a shiny spot on the space bar.* The touch pad isn't centered on the normal typing position like most laptops. This is quite irritating, because it means that the double-tap dip spot on the upper left is needed. What happens a lot when writing is I forget to tap it and I'll be typing away and suddenly find the cursor has landed 5 lines up and I've typed into the middle of a word in a sentence and have to fix it. Quite a PITA. There is no reason for the touch pad to be that wide or weirdly off-center of normal typing keys.* For some weird reason, the touch pad is not always the same if I tap it. Sometimes a light tap will do it. Sometimes no matter how hard I tap it never acts as a click. Minor irritation.* I have decided I really don't Windows 7. In fact, I silike it so much, I am seriously thinking about switching to a different OS. For instance, what idiot decided to eliminate the search function in Windows Explorer? Yeah "something" is in that little search box, but it's not as clear.* Not as fast as I expected from a new, "mo bettah" computer. This may be Windows 7, but it seems like every computer I get that runs faster on the clock rate gets things done slower.* I can't get a keyboard skin! I need to use one of those silicon molded things that fits the keys. They work great for preserving the keyboard and I can't find one.