I consider myself a power user and I am very happy with this product.  The battery life is amazing, probably the best I have ever seen in a laptop and it is relatively fast.Pros:-EXCELLENT battery life.  I usually get around 9 hours battery life unless I am playing games but then I still get around 3-4 hours.  Just started school and it feels good to never have to charge the battery throughout the entire day whereas the people who have macs and supposedly paid a premium for battery life, have to charge it after a lecture or two.  There are very few if any laptops which give battery life as good as this and if they do they cost $2000 or more or are crappy netbooks that have no decent processing power.-You would think that a laptop with good battery life would have a crappy cpu but this has a pretty powerful dual core low power processor which allows me to do many things at once and performs very well.-Very flexible when unplugged.  You can choose between high battery life profiles (where cpu/gpu usage is minimized), high performance power profiles (which use the faster GPU and faster CPU settings) or a series of profiles in between.-Portable.  Very small laptop and that combined with good battery life means I don't need to drag my AC adapter to school since it lasts me the whole day.-Very slick looking and good build quality.  The brushed metal is very smooth and looks nice.  Also the keyboard is well designed, the screen bezel is shiny, and overall the laptop looks very slick and well built.-Instant on OS is very convenient.  If you just need to check e-mail, go on skype, IM or browse a site quickly then this will have you up and running in 20-30 seconds.  Very convenient.-Boot time on Windows 7 is very quick.-Decent discrete GPU.  I personally prefer ATI Radeon graphics cards but this does the job.  You can also switch between integrated/descrete GPUS to save battery life or increase performance as needed.-HDMI out.  Great for watching dvds, HULU, netflix or whatever on the TV.-Built in OS recovery.  So if everything goes to hell and you need to restore the computer software to its original state, push a button on startup and after a few minutes your laptop is in the same state it was (software wise) when you bought it.-GREAT VALUE.  As I mentioned before, getting all these features especially battery life and compact size in a laptop this cheap is very rare.Cons:-Driver support for the GPU is lacking because Nvidia is no supporting megatron or whatever its called for power switching on gpus.  There is a workaround to make newer drivers work for this laptop but its a pain.-Onboard microphone is crap but most onboard microphones are crap anyways so whatever.