I purchased this laptop directly from HP. It is a customizable computer with various options, among them are free upgrades to the hard drive and system memory!I am not a computer expert. I am a college student that uses this laptop mostly for typing documents, listening to music, keeping pictures, surfing the internet, and light gaming. With regards to the gaming, many modern games require a much faster processor than what comes on this computer. For example, Call of Duty World at War lags and skips even on the lowest quality settings. Other than that, this computer performs all of the above tasks very fast!Battery life isn't the greatest on this computer depending on what you're doing and what performance settings the computer is set at. I use power saver when I'm typing stuff for school, battery life is greatly extended! However, if you plan on using it for longer periods of time, don't go anywhere w/o your charger!Part of the lower battery life is the size of the screen. And about that screen...it is AWESOME! Projects crystal clear images on a nice 17.3" screen. To me, the lesser battery life is very much worth the huge screen and performance.When I initially started with this computer, my thumbs sometimes slid over the mouse pad and my pointer starting doing some crazy stuff! It is slightly off center and for whatever reason, I haven't had any problems since those first few days with the mouse pad.A few side notes,-If portability is important to you look for another laptop. It is a relatively heavy laptop and it barely fits in my book bag. I don't see these things as negatives, you can't get something for nothing!-The built in speakers get the job done. They lack bass but that's sort of expected with laptop speakers. They project the sound very clearlyAfter about 3 years of daily usage the connections to the screen worked lose and it isn't usable. I was able to bypass this by hooking it up a monitor.If I had to buy another PC it would be a customizable laptop from HP.