I bought this laptop refurbished for a little less than $300, and I love it. Most of the time, it takes less than a minute to boot up, the screen is clear, and it's a large enough screen for me. I love how easy it is to type on the keyboard. The touchpad is a little off center to the left, but that doesn't bother me the way it could annoy some people. The only thing that I don't really like about this laptop is that it feels a bit cheap. When there's a DVD in it, it'll start spinning really fast, and it'll start making a loud rattling noise. The front cover of the laptop feels a little flimsy and the plastic frame around the screen is plastic-y and loose. Other than the rattling though, this laptop works pretty much perfectly.Edit: Now that I've had this laptop for almost a few months, I figured this review needed an update.I had originally given it four stars, but I dropped it down to three. My DVD drive randomly stopped working for two months, and I almost bought a new external drive. I decided to check it one last time before I bought a new one, and it started working. I've still been a little nervous that it'll randomly stop working again. It also goes so much slower now that it's not brand new. On average, it takes 3 minutes to start up and log me on, and every time I try to open a program, it takes at least 20 seconds for it to open.On top of that, the screen isn't very good. I like to edit photos on my computer, but it's really hard to tell whether or not the color looks good because it's hard to tell what the actual picture looks like because the colors are pretty dull on this screen compared to other screens. The screen resolution is also not that great, either. I've ordered photos online from multiple places, and a lot of my pictures are blurry, but I could't tell on my computer. I've also looked at my pictures on some school computers that have better resolution, and it's much easier to edit the pictures on the school computers rather than my laptop.This laptop does function well enough, but I'll be upgrading to a Macbook Air this fall when I leave for college. It'll be lighter, sturdier, and faster than this one. My younger brother doesn't have a laptop and never has, so I'll be giving this one to him. He's very excited to have his own computer, and this laptop is definitely better than the ancient laptops that need to be plugged into an Ethernet cord in order to have internet connection.If you have any questions, feel free to ask!