I am impressed with this budget laptop. For the price, I could not find anything that could touch it. The compromises Dell made were the right ones. I needed to buy a budget laptop for a limited purpose for the least amount of money, and I zeroed in on this Dell due to features.The highlights:OS - It came with Windows 8 which is an abomination on a non touchscreen device, and just plain sucks on any device. I would not use the word struggle. I don't "struggle" with any computer device after having done this since there WERE computer devices to begin with. But, even though I could accomplish what I needed, I hated Win 8, form AND function. I began to dislike the computer because of the OS. But that is a subject for another review. So I put Windows 7 on this laptop. Installation was painless, drivers are all available on Dell website, and the machine purrs happily now, and I do not hate it anymore.Speed - it is fast for any business and everyday task.Sound and multimedia - Dell has gotten it right! The speakers sound awesome for a laptop. There are physical limitations to what you can do with such tiny speakers, and they pushed the current tech to its limit. The sound quality AND the volume are VERY good, again, for a laptop.I can contrast it to another budget laptop (Toshiba) that a family member uses. The Toshiba is a nice laptop, comparable to this Dell in every way, but the speakers are terrible and NOT loud enough to be usable. I would not recommend that Toshiba because of it, the Dell is so much better. I have used very expensive laptops, and the sound from this Dell is on par, if not better. I find that when I play music and don't want to use headphones, I turn to the Dell more often than my tablet.Build quality - fine for the price. This is NOT a beater. It is thin and probably fragile as is anything in this price range. No worse than anything else under $600. The matte textured finish is prone to collecting fingerprints, body oils and dirt, but cleans easily.So that's about it. I recommend this machine highly in combination with Windows 7 only.