This is a wonderful notebook.  The attention to detail is amazing, for example, the keyboard automatically illuminates itself in dimly lit areas.  The single button mouse and trackpad can double as a two button mouse:  place 2 fingers on the trackpad and click the button and it's a right-click.  Place 2 fingers down and slide them up or down scrolls the page.It has been good for running games.  I have the 128MB video card in mine and seems to handle C&C; Generals and Half-Life2 with ease (via my boot camp partition running Windows).  I have even run C&C; Generals via a virtual machine, and it was certainly playable (though I had to turn some of the settings down to medium instead of high).  I haven't tried any other games at this point.  No doubt the 256MB model should handle things even better.Installing Windows via boot camp is a snap, and then installing some virtual machine software allows you have to Windows whenever you need it.  Run it side by side with OS X, or reboot into Windows natively.The worst part about this notebook is battery power.  With everything turned on and the screen brightness on high, the battery will only last 1.5, maybe 2 hours.  This isn't good for using on plane rides longer that that.  However, I was able to watch 2 movies in a row (approximately 4 hours) and still have some life left.  I accomplished this by ripping the movies to my hard drive (doing so saves power since it doesn't have to spin a DVD in the drive constantly during playback), disabling the wireless card, and lowering the brightness as low as possible.  Unfortunately I can't seem to control screen brightness when booting directly to Windows, so the battery life is much worse when running Windows.Apple just released a battery update in early October 2007.  It appears the battery life is better (I can now get about 3.5 hours with the brightness at about 50-60% when simply checking email, browsing the web etc.).  I'm very pleased with that update!There is very little learning curve if this is your first time using a Mac.  It's rock solid (in fact, the only application that seems to crash on me is MS Office), and rarely requires software updates (unlike Windows).  Though not many viruses affect Macs, some still do and there is anti-virus software available for Macs.If you're considering this but not sure, just take the plunge.  You won't be disappointed.