This is my first notebook and my first Mac.  I have checked other notebooks and nothing really compares.  It's beautiful in appearance, the operating system,  Mac OS X Leopard, is an enormous pleasure to use, and I am not missing Windows, though I could run Windows on it.  I've been using it as a substitute for my old desktop PC as well as a  portable and its great in every role.  With a usb hub it can do everything I want from a desktop and fast.  As a portable it's light and compact and very easy to carry around.  I certainly think it's the best Mac for most people as an all round computer, other Mac models do some things better but this does everything well and certainly the basic computing functions, editing documents and browsing, playing music, work beautifully.  I've played DVDs on long bus journeys and it's great for that.  Since Macs are a better experience than PCs I think this is the best computer around.  I strongly recommend using Mac with the native Safari browser, a beautiful and fast browser, perfectly integrated into its environment.  I also strongly recommend iWork, which has to be paid for after free 30 day trial.  (http://www.amazon.com/Apple-MA790Z-A-iWork-08/dp/B000BQXTSS/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s;=software&qid;=1211785700&sr;=8-1) I was so impressed so quickly I upgraded on the first day of the trial.  It's far far better than MS Office, and no one with a Mac really needs the Office for Mac package which is more expensive than iWork.  Possibly for some very specialised business purposes Offices still has advantages over iWork, but as an all round word processing/presentation/spread sheet package it's a beautiful experience which does everything I need quickly (and I'm  heavy user of word processing and related utilities) and and like most things Mac its both simple, no clutter, and stylish.  It fits perfectly into the Mac OS environment, making it even more of a pleasure.  The free  text editing software in the Mac opens Word documents, and the Pages wordprocessing has the option of saving documents to a word format, so very few people need Office on their Mac.  Don't bother unless you are really sure you do need it.