There aren't many laptops on the market that can offer the ergonomics and build quality of this new XPS 15. I wanted an Ultrabook like feel/battery life, but with a larger 1080 screen and disc drive. I have never before been impressed by a Dell product, but they have clearly stepped up their game and this fit the bill perfectly.I have been using this computer for about a month now, and I honestly have 0 complaints. While this is the most basic XPS 15 offered, it still gives excellent performance. The i5 on this particular model is only dual core, but I have had no problems gaming or with any other task I have given it. Coming from a quad core AMD on my previous laptop, this processor hands down performs better, not to mention, I can usually squeeze a good 4+ hours of use out of the battery.The screen is brilliant and the fact that it is 1080p makes the 15" screen feel like a 20" screen when carrying out everyday tasks. If you're looking for something sleek and solid with an HD screen like--dare I say--a MacBook, look no further. Perhaps I was being picky but in looking through just about every Windows laptop currently available, this was the only one of its kind. Compare the price of this to that of a similar MacBook Pro and the XPS 15 is a clear winner. I have to agree with the other reviewer that said this laptop is worth every penny.One thing to note is that the hard drive seems to be more of an HDD/SSD hybrid drive. From what I can tell, you cannot access the 32gb SSD portion independently from the HDD portion. It will act as a single 500gb drive, but the 32gb SSD gives it some sort of "cache" that improves performance and boot time.UPDATE: Buyer beware. I really like this laptop but there are some well known issues with the wifi due to the aluminum. Under certain scenarios, you WILL NOT get the same throughput as you will on any other cheaper laptop. I also ended up purchasing another one of these. The 2nd unit I purchased has recently started making an incredibly annoying squeaking sound that sounds like it is coming from the hard drive.