This was purchased as a sacrificial test bed for software testing.  It was presented as a VERY used item that was far from 100%, so I didn't expect a "factory new" product.  Yes, it looks like the heck was beat out of it before it was resold, but (for the most part), it DOES work!  Unit was also shipped with Microsoft Office and AntiVirus software (long out of date, but it did update itself on 2nd use --- 2nd use because of hardware component failure.)  Item was shipped with caveat that battery was "feet up", but the battery holds a charge, just that it SOMETIMES doesn't transfer energy to the motherboard (but sometimes, it does).  Ditto the internal NIC card.  It was NOT listed as defective, and (as a matter of fact) presented as fully functional.  Well, it worked the first time, and failed thereafter.  I had to purchase and use a USB adapter to access the Internet (after which, the computer sizzled and popped and the NIC card came back on line and remained for a few days before quiting again.  (I found that smacking the laptop a few times would bring the NIC back on line, because when it sizzled and popped, the computer kept re-rebooting during startup. Smacking it, stopped the sizzle/pop and often brought back the NIC (task bar showing operation of the USB adapter [running at 72Mbps] the internal adapter [when it ran, it was only 11Mbps, so commanded to be off when it did run], and the ethernet connector [which also failed when the internal adapter failed --- thus the NIC card seems to be de-laminating from the motherboard).ALSO problem was unit was presented as having a CD/DVD drive.  Uh, not quite --- unit only read CDs (and Device Manager concurred --- is NOT a component failure, but is the type of installed component), so I had to purchase a USB DVD drive to install software too big for flash drives.  Also not mentioned, is power switch is finicky.  Sometimes it works, sometimes, not so much.  Actually, when if fails, it will function if I unplug the AC power cord until it turns on and begins reboot.  Then, not trusting battery, I will re-plug the unit into AC power.OVERALL --- would I recommend as a valid laptop, or a backup unit, or a starter unit?  Heck NO Would I recommend it for the purpose for which I bought it?  Heck YES!!!  Darned good super-El-Cheapo unit for sacrificial testing --- and so far it has done what it was purchased for.  If it continues working for another 6 months like this, I could say that "I'm In Like Flint!" for this unit.  Would I do something like this again.  YES!!!! ((I'd use better French to emphasize my pleasure, but want to keep this as a "family" review)).  Thank you, Amazon, for providing this type of product!!!