I bought the 505dx after looking long and hard at the TR series, and ended up buying it because it had much the same features at a slightly lower price.  So far, I'm glad I did.  The 505dv is packed with memory (comes with 512, can be upgraded to 2 gigs) and a very fast processor for a computer this small (1.4 mhz pentium M).  As someone else has noted, the video card has its own memory.  The 505Dx really seems to be targeted at people who want to do digital video or media, hence the extremely large hard drive, relatively souped-up video card, and relatively large amount of memory capacity.  It also comes with a large amount of media software preinstalled.  Oddly, this model does not seem to have a DVD-writable drive available as an option.The laptop itself is just under five pounds, and the casing seems strong and durable.  It offers two USB 2.0 ports, which, trust me, you will appreciate when using peripheral devices.  Other perks include built-in wireless networking and a memory stick slot.Now the downside-the laptop does not have a very large range of available features-you can choose XP pro or home, 40-80GB hard drive, and more memory, but not much else is optional.  This is common failing of laptops in general.  As with most small laptops, the optical drive is built-in and can't be swapped out.  The keyboard and mouse are hard to use and the mousepad in particular is not very sensitive (another common failing of laptops in general).  The sound from the speakers is crappy, but laptop speakers always sound crappy.  Get some external speakers or headphones.Also, note that sony skimps on its warranties-mine came with only a one-year limited warranty for parts and service and 90-day free technical support.  Sony really needs to take a lesson from Dell and offer greater warranty coverage, especially for laptops, which tend to be more fragile and abused.In all, I think this computer is a great value for the money, particularly if you want something small and powerful with which to do music downloading and sharing.