I bought the lenovo twist a few months ago an have been using it as my primary computer for school. I am a graduate student, so my primary usage for this laptop is checking email, taking notes in class, entering data and reading pdfs, so I'll be primarily addressing these uses.For taking notes, I downloaded a free windows 8 app called note anytime. I highly recommend it. Although it is fairly easy to write notes with your finger on the touchscreen, after a while it's just easier to use a pen. So I ended up getting a stylus and using this laptop in class to take written notes. The touchscreen is very responsive to writing with little to no delay. I have been taking notes in class with ease by just resting the laptop on my desk. I enjoy using a touchscreen laptop instead of a normal laptop or pen and paper because I am able to draw figures and diagrams with ease, while using the internet to look up information during lectures. Windows 8 has a feature that lets you swipe to switch between screens that is really helpful.For entering data on laptops, one of my pet peeves is that most normal sized laptops lack a number pad. One of the benefits of the lenovo twist is that it has a touchscreen keyboard that includes a number pad that I use quite often.For reading pdfs on the twist, it is very easy to use to annotate and read pdfs. My gripes are that the gorilla glass can have a lot of glare on it in the wrong lighting and that the twist is a bit heavy to hold like an ipad.Overall, I really enjoy using this laptop. The hardware of the twist is solid and any issues that I have had have been related to the learning curve of using Windows 8, except for the battery life. Lenovo advertises up to 7 hours of battery life on the laptop. So in my mind as a consumer, I am expecting to get around 5 hours. In actuality, I can get about 3-4h of usage with each charge. Considering this is supposed to be an ultrabook, this is disappointing. However, for my purposes, I don't use the computer unplugged for more than 2 hours at a time, so this has not hindered my experience. I hope in the future lenovo is able to solve this problem.