I'm a graduate student and I run a small online business on the side. So my primary uses for the laptop are school, email, and various office programs. I'm not a gamer, so I haven't tested the laptop other than to play Cut the Rope which was pre-installed (and excellent!).As a student, one of my primary concerns with a laptop is battery life. This is one of the few areas where the Acer is weak or mediocre. Fully charged it seems to have a little more than 3 hours of juice. These days that's surprisingly short. I wonder if the backlit keyboard drains it a bit- I'm not sure.Another concern of mine is weight and size. When I'm carrying textbooks with me I don't want to unnecessarily add more weight. This Acer excels here. It's light, small, and easy to handle. The power adapter is a bit bulky at the plug, but still smaller than any other laptop power adapter I've ever used, so that's an improvement.It's worth noting that this does NOT have a CD-ROM drive. That's becoming standard for laptops this size and tablets, but it may be surprising for people switching over from larger devices. Everything is going toward cloud storage and programing, and this laptop comes with Acer Cloud software. However, like everything else with this machine, very little instruction is offered on how to set it up, how to use it, and what to use it for. People new to this technology will be fairly confused. On that note, people new to Windows 8 will be incredibly confused. I'm still adjusting. However, the faults of Windows 8 are not Acer's fault.The best feature of the laptop, apart from its size and weight, is the touchscreen. I wasn't sure if I would like it- it turns out I love it. It makes navigating web and app content significantly better on a laptop. It's very responsive with pinpoint sensitivity. Much like when I transitioned from a full QWERTY keyboard phone to a touchscreen smartphone, I now can't imagine going back to pre-touchscreen days.The speakers are as good as I'd expect for a laptop like this, with decent sound for being underneath. However, the mute button is not with the other volume control buttons, which just seems odd. I don't use webcams often (hardly ever), but I played with this one for the review. I was surprised at its low quality, though I'm not sure how it compares to others. One last annoyance is that the touchpad is noisy and clunky. Thankfully, you can adjust the sensitivity, which was way too high when I began using it.In summary-Pros:-Touchscreen-Size & Weight-Decent sound and video qualityCons:-Touchpad-Battery life-Lack of instructionIn a nutshell: If you're a student like me, and you refuse to buy Mac products, this is a product to consider. You definitely compare this to other devices first, but there's a good chance this will meet your needs at its reasonable price point.