Bought this laptop from Office Max late January.  It was on sale for $410, but I had to buy $50 worth of accessories to get that price.  Haven't seen that price anywhere else.  I would pay much more for this laptop.  I think it is built well, sturdy, not too big.  It runs cool and has enough power for a casual laptop user such as myself.  I use it to surf the web and stream sports and other video.  It does everything I need it to with ease, plus it stays very cool.  Beats Audio is the best laptop sound I have heard.  I know people with Toshiba and Acer laptops and the sound quality is not nearly as good as this laptop.  The keyboard is a good size and includes a number pad, which is nice.  Screen is bright and crisp.  Appearance of laptop is quality as well....it has a brushed stainless steel look.  Definitely one of the better looking laptops.  I researched laptops for a couple months and found HP to be one of the better units when it comes to quality of materials.  I thought Samsung, Toshiba, Acer, and Asus laptops felt cheap in comparison to this laptop.  Keep in mind I was looking at laptops in the $400-$500 range.  Many of the aforementioned laptop companies improve in quality drastically when you go up in price.  I was definitely looking at the base model price range.  That being said, this is not a base model unit.  This is a mid-range unit that belongs in the $500-$600 price range and will compare to any other laptop in that range.  Go to Best Buy and see what you can get for $500-$600 and you will see this is a superior laptop to others in that range.  I have been very happy with my purchase.  I had to contact HP Support on a couple occasions during setup.  Support is hit or miss with any company.  The first person I talked to was not much help.  The second person I talked to was very helpful and knowledgeable, and he helped me solve my problem quickly.  The problem had to do with connecting to my network and had noting to due with computer malfunction.  Overall I am very happy with this computer and would buy it again if I needed another.