I've used Macs on and off before out of necessity and to be honest I was never really impressed with the user experience since it was so strange. Now, with more regular use, it's not so strange.Here are some thoughts in no particular order:1. The first thing I noticed was that the Mac experience is a very curated one. Whereas someone with a handle on Windows will be flying around the OS in no time, manipulating files at will and changing settings, your options are far more limited on a Mac. Sometimes you bounce into limits due to ignorance and other times because they are real limits.For example, full-screen windows are still a pain. Maximizing windows does not automatically produce the effect it does on a Windows PC. You still have to drag the bottom right corner of the application to make it full-sized. I still, however, have been unable to figure out how to change the system font size. Beware, it's tiny--and I'm not so old.2. Multitouch is very, very useful; but on the other hand I do miss Aerosnap. Two-finger scrolling does away with the mockery that is the scrollbar on a regular laptop.3. This thing is built solidly. You realize this when you subsequently handle other laptops. The "brick" is a bit odd (I have seen this shape on older Macs) but that's just a matter of personal opinion.The magnetically attached cord seems like a good idea.4. "It just works": There may be some truth to this. I plugged in two different printers (one with a scan function) and if you've ever had to deal with HP and their drivers on Windows you'd be shocked. They just worked--full-featured and all. No need to download anything.5. This thing gets hot sometimes--too hot to put on your lap.6. Flipping through files is a bit more awkward than on Windows. I'm still trying to figure this out.7. Installing applications is sometimes confusing--but I guess I will learn; although there does not seem to be a standard procedure.8. The battery takes a long time to charge and a long time to discharge (compare to other laptops I have used). You get a lot of time on the battery.This is all I can remember for now.I would buy another Mac if possible because of the sturdiness. The OS takes a little getting used to.Will I ever "go back"?Well, I never "left". I will say that things have been encouraging so far--including Safari (the browser I was not initially impressed with--being more partial to Chrome). I still do use Windows PCs and I like the way they encourage tinkering etc. I am sold on the idea of Apple laptops as far as durability goes. Maybe in the future I might buy other Apple products.Lastly, I am considering the OSX Lion upgrade later this year after all the kinks have been worked out.