I've been using Windows for more than 15 years and actually have been itching the buy a mac over the last few years but haven't got around to. I came very close to buying the last model, the $1,499 one with larger HD and faster memory. So glad I didn't since this version's base model fits every of my need already and saved me $300!Back to the machine, I have only had it for a week and I'm in love already! Talk about performance and ease of use. My lovely mac starts up in less than 20 secs and awakes from sleep in ONE SECOND! Also, if any one has any concern about switching over to Mac, it's a no brainer. The control is very intuitive (and pretty :) and you just need to look up short cuts online (if you're a keyboard person like me) and spend a day or two getting used to and you'll be set! The trackpad is also VERY convenient - I still feel like I'm doing some magic with the four finger swipe :)Some down sides are MS Office and Windows Media Player. I use WMP to play overseas radio and have downloaded Quicktime and Flip4Mac and what not and it's still trivial that I might get it work for 5 min then it'd stop. It has never been a problem on a PC. I'm not complaining about this against Mac but would appreciate an easier solution. I can't rate MS Office yet because I'm using my work laptop to do most of those work but have heard that PowerPoint doesn't work in a Mac as well in as in a PC.One thing on delivery. I ordered my Mac on 4/14, a day after it became available on Amazon, went through the "ships in 2-4 weeks" phase to "preparing shipment" within a few days. And then on the day of delivery on 4/21, my tracking status on UPS says "shipment is damaged and will not be delivered". It already made all the way through to Washington, DC facility! I was very disappointed and called Amazon, they immediately placed a replacement order for me, upgraded to one-day shipping but by then it was back-ordered again on Amazon with the typical "ships in 2-5 weeks". I had to wait anyways because I needed to use my gift cards, and it finally arrived on 4/29! So for those who had blamed Amazon for not stocking up or for its slow delivery, 1) it's not really their fault, and 2) your story wasn't the worst!