Overall: Best laptop choice for work on the go and for those on a budget.Pros: VERY comfortable keyboard, low price online, GREAT performance for work use.Cons: Screen is not very bright, bigger battery adds bulkPerformance: (typical day to day use)Scores a 3.1 on Windows ratings due to low graphics scores. Shouldn't be a factor if all you're using it for is MS office/web-browsing/emails. Other then graphics use, surfing web, multitasking MS office apps, and general day to day online activities are as buttery as any other modern day laptop.Battery: (using extended battery 6600mah)Typical 3 hours of real life use (outlook open in background, Pidgin chat, and music playing in BG) at 60% screen brightness, can be stretched to 4.5 if I was just web-browsing (no others windows/apps). I had the regular 4400mah battery at first, but it barely ran for 1.5 hours, 2 if I was stingy with it. The bigger 6600mah battery adds bulk, but travelers will appreciate the extra work-time.Design: (will grow on you as time goes on)At first glance I thought, real ugly piece of machinery. Then my work place forced me to use one and boy, it has really grown on me. The keyboard is probably the best I've ever used, EVER. That's coming from owning a couple of Toshibas, Gateways, Sonys, Apples (powerbook & new MBPs), Asus, and HP laptops before. The keyboard alone makes me want to keep this thing forever. Kudos to Lenovo for developing such a great input product. On the downside, the screen isn't very bright, so if you want to work outside one day or are near some one with a newer model laptop (which means newer kind of display technology), the screen will appear very dark.Recommended for: Those on a budget, traveling business typesSeriously, the price you pay (amazon for around $200-300 last time I checked) can't be beat. Those who are on a budget that just want a laptop for browsing the web, chatting online, and streaming movies- this one is a winners' choice. My reason for buying one was my previous job took the Lenovo T61 back, and stuck me with an "upgraded" Dell (arg), I've missed it ever since. Get it, you wont regret it.