I purchased this computer for my wife about a year ago.  From the moment we turned it on we noticed the true difference between a PC and a MAC.  PC's are truly built for the Techy and MAC's for the rest of us.  That is not to say that MAC's are only for people that have no idea how to use a PC, they are built for those that don't know how all the code works.  Currently, we have two PC's and one MAC.  The Mac cost quite a bit more than the PC, however, we haven't had any software or hardware problems with the MAC and a host of software problems with the PC.  Furthermore, the touch pad on a MAC is superior to that on a PC.  There is no struggle to scroll down, right click, drag and drop and so on.  Also, when I purchased the MAC, it came with a free wireless printer.  The PC desktop wouldn't load the printer through the Windows auto feature because it couldn't find a suitable driver.  I had to use the disk that came with the Printer.  Not a problem, but when I started loading the software on the PC I figured I would see how it worked on a MAC.  The MAC asked me two easy questions, asked for permission to go to the HP website for the software and printed it's first test page before the PC loaded three of nine items from the disk.Overall, the MAC is superior in everything so far over the PC, but most importantly is the Operating system.  MAC's operating system seems flawless.  Quick start up and blazing speeds to include shut down or waking the system up.  Plus Apple thinks of little details, like a keyboard that knows it's dark so it lights up and then allows you to set the brightness.  You will pay more, but I think money is less important than time and the extra bucks are worth the savings in patience you will need with a PC and Windows.  However, if you are truly looking for that ability to figure out code and love to wait for Windows to consistently update and crash, save some cash and buy a PC.  You can tuck away the savings you will eventually need for relaxation therapy sessions after purchasing a PC.