Do you really need to spend $1,000 on a MacBook Air (and yes, I have one)? If you don't define yourself by a brand, then I think the answer is, maybe not.The differences? While the Chromebook may be plastic vs aluminum, the keyboard is very similar. I'm not a display snob so I find the Chromebook's screen fine. To use an automotive analogy, the Chromebook screen is more Nissan than Mercedes in quality, but it is incredibly functional. We use computers for email, research, bill pay and homework. All of those tasks can be done on the Chromebook very easily. Each person can have their own cloud account and personalized the experience simply by logging in. Writing and data entry is quite easy with the great keyboard. You can't do that on a tablet unless you buy a separate keyboard. You may find installed programs that reside on your MacBook Air that haven't yet been replicated on the web, but there aren't many.If you have tons of stuff on your hard drive, you'll have to train yourself that the hard-drive is now in the cloud. But heck, many of us have used Dropbox for years. I also have 4 back-up storage drives that I've used every time we moved stuff from one computer to the next. Now some of those are failing. The cloud solves storage more elegantly and effectively than an external hard drive.For email, I recently redirected our custom family email domain to Google, and find the Gmail interface with our custom email address quite fantastic.Another issue folks may face is music management. While Apple dominated that market for years, the cloud has changed the concept of music storage and play. Stream it on your phone or you computer from the cloud and get the music off your desktop. With Amazon Cloud Player and Google Play you can free yourself from the other expensive music options.I'm not bashing Apple, and working at a online software company I used them as an example of great design. I've also owned 8 Apple computers over the past 10 years. Yet, with the Chromebook you get a get a great cloud experience and can save the $800-1000 dollars. That will be a big  market driver for a generation who find money somewhat tighter than in the past. It also seems like the perfect new category of computer for businesses that have employees doing sales, customer support, and order management.I'm impressed. The Chromebook is light, more functional than a tablet, less expensive than a laptop and easy to use. It's a Cloud-Powered "Laplet" (Laptop / Tablet).Update:After 5 months of constant use/abuse its running great. Still totally pleased.