I wouldnt give Mac a chance. I thought it was all overpriced cult like to own one of these and never saw myself as a mac person. I never used their machines in the past so cant comment on those but in todays world im shocked Apple hasn't dominated the market. My brother bought a macbook pro to develop apps and so i played with it for a week. I fell love and had to break down and buy one. My 2 plastic, overheating PC laptops are off to be sold on craigslist because I now own a macbook pro and I love it. I dont think any salesman can convince me to try or even look at another PC laptop.My macboo pro never even gets warm while I browse the web or write. And its dead silent. My plastic pc laptops were able to fry eggs 5 minutes after startup and the fans were always audible.The mousepad on the macbook pro is amazing, big and makes multitasking an amazing experience. Why hasnt PC developed multi touch trackpads yet?It shuts down and wakes up instantly. Cant say that about windows. In fact PCs tend to not want to wake sometimes.Those lazy muppets.If your mac gives you issues, just go to an apple store and they will fix it for free while on warranty. the hip geeks there will make sure you go home happy.HP or Acer wont even pick up the phone if their laptop decided to throw a tantrum.So all I have to say is if my macbook fell into the pool I would work extra hours to go buy another because this is real quality here.I hear people bashing macs, saying that you pay for the Brand. What?! NO! go play with one for a week. you pay for an experience. Who needs the fastest processors on a laptop? No one unless you edit PRO HD video but no pro edits on a laptop because the components are too close together and would overhear causing a drastic performance hit.Also go look at craigslist. people are selling older macs for top dollar because these things hold their value.Everyone loves their macs and ipads. how many people can say this every day about their overheating, plastic, loud, nonlit keyboard, incorrect colored screen pcs?My Hard drive was giving me Errors. I took the MBP to the apple store and told the girl all i tried to do to get it to work. She fiddled with it for 5 minutes and then went in the back. 5 min later she comes back with a brand new MBP. She kept the box but gave me everything else so now I have a new MBP, extra power cables, ilife '11. SCORE!  If I had bought a $1200 HP or ACER, I would have to call India and sit on the phone for 2 days before mailing it out. I'll stick with Apple for a Laptop