I bought this 16 months ago for my daughter who was going off to graduate school. Within a couple of weeks she was complaining that it ran very hot and had very poor battery life. A few weeks after that the hard drive began to make funny sounds and then the computer would not boot. Tech support at ASUS said that she should send the computer in for service and that the turnaround would be more than a week. She did not have the luxury of not having a computer for that length of time as much of the course material was being presented online. She goes to school three hours away, so I drove to her school and switched out her computer for an older laptop that I had. I ordered a new hard drive, installed it and restored the computer to its original state, and I thought that was the end of it. But a few weeks later, the computer was freezing multiple times a day, and she had to reboot each time. She then informed me that she was so frustrated that she bought a MAC!I updated the drivers and removed all the software except the OS and it no longer "froze". I have been using this computer ever since with minimal software loaded at startup, and it seems to be working. I also use it to play DVDs and it does a good job of that. After a year of use, my comments are:It has a very short battery life, one hour at best..It does run hot which I attribute to the i7 processor and the fact that this is a laptop. As I write, the processor is 58 C or 136 F with very little running.The keyboard is very odd. When I am typing, the cursor will "jump back" to an earlier point and I will be typing within previous text. I have used perhaps a dozen different laptops over 15 years, and I have never seen anything like it. While writing this review, this has happened more than ten times!The computer is very fast.The computer is heavy and has a large footprint.In summary, it is a better desktop computer than a laptop. It has plenty of procesing capability, but very poor battery life, and a quirky keyboard which make it unusable as a laptop. Furthermore, technical support was useless. If you really want support and your work is important, you need to buy an upgraded maintenance plan.