First I will start with a I have a MAC Book Laptop from 2004 that is FLAWLESS and works so well.When I went to the AIRBOOK its cause of ease of travel with a light small computer.This AIRBOOK gets 5 star's when it comes to size, ease of use and speed for size and price HOWEVER i have had some SERIOUS issues with it.First after 34 days it wouldn't restart and get out of the sky blue screen during start up. Returned it to APPLE for repair and found out it needed a update for Software. I currently work on a small island with BAD internet.Then it happened again about 2 weeks later after I shut it down. I tried to start it but it would start at all!! BLACK SCREEN NO NOISE or SOUND.  Called APPLE we did a reboot with the USB reboot that came with the Mac. When I run a systems check for software update it says I don't need a update but still the issue persists making me think this is not a software update issue. So again I rebooted the system.That solved the issue. I lost temporary files and work I had on it at the time.Then while in Thailand I shut it down and again i had the same problem it wouldn't start. So i repeated the process of rebooting it by using the USB reboot. No problem it came back and lost some of my work that wasn't saved yet.Ran into a guy in Bangkok who had the exact computer and he told me he had it for 3 weeks when his just shut off. He returned it APPLE after having no luck restarting and it had been only 2 months since he had it back and again it did the same thing to him again. He told me his was getting hot with the programs he was running.I love this little computer when it works,however i fear when it will shut down or not restart. I hope Mac fixes these issues cause for portability and ease of use this little things works great when it works but i fear during a presentation or building a project i will loose the work or the job based on these issues.Otherwise i think if you can get past these problems it will be a standard of future laptops for all and I still love this little thing. Great Battery life, fast processor, great graphics, keyboard is sized right and the price is acceptable.Because of the shut down, reboot and inability to restart this MAC at unknown times I can only give this LIL Mac 4 stars and not 5 Stars.