I moved from a 2012 11" Macbook Air to the Apple MacBook Air MD711LL/A 11.6-Inch Laptop (NEWEST VERSION) and I don't notice any difference at all in performance. However, I think it is the best one I've ever used because of the battery life. I easily get roughly double what I used to with the 2012 Macbook Air. I have the base model with the i5 processor, 128 GB of storage, and 4 GB of memory. [REVIEW EDITED JULY 10]Battery Life---------If you change the brightness to about 75% (this is the level at which Apple did their testing) you ought to easily get 8-10 hours of use out of the computer. From online comments, it looks like other people are getting better results from their batteries after the first charge cycle, so if you are having problems, discharge it once (I went down to 7%), charge it, and see if that doesn't help.Should you Upgrade?----------You ought to see a huge performance boost upgrading from a 2011 or earlier Macbook Air, but is it worth it to upgrade from the 2012 Macbook Air to this one? Probably not for most people, unless battery life is a critical factor for you (it is for me). Some of you might notice a small performance bump, but most (including me) won't. Physically, with the exception of a tiny hole on the side for the mic, it is also indistinguishable from last year's model.11" or 13" ?----------I wrote a review of last year's model here (http://www.amazon.com/review/RLCO4ZC1NVQMD/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm), where I extolled the virtues of the computer. Everything I said there applies to this year's model as well, and my only complaint (the battery life) has been addressed. I also still think the 13" base model is a better buy for the money, but because I value portability, I stuck with the 11".If you are a student or teacher, you can get an academic discount ordering through Apple instead of Amazon. At the time of this writing, it is $50 less than Amazon, but you pay tax, so it ends up costing about $15 more. Both Apple and Amazon offer free shipping.