When looking at computers I look at what I am expecting to do with it, and how much money I am willing to spend.  After searching for a suitable desktop replacement I came across this laptop.  My primary goal with this laptop was going to be video editing (HD video using Sony Vegas Pro).  I was looking for an i7, at least 1gb dedicated video card, and over 10gb of ram.  I found all of this in the Asus G53JW-XA1.  After doing some forum digging, I realized with the HDD expansion bay installing an SSD would be easy, provided when you ordered the bracket for the SSD it was in stock.  I installed an Intel 120GB SSD with no issues, from power on to desktop ready to work takes around 8 seconds.  The memory can be expanded to 16gb, with some patience and attention to detail.  Right out of the box the SSD installation and 4gb ram upgrade is easy and can be achieved in about 30 minutes, tops.  A youtube search for a guide will show how to install both the HDD and ram, Xotic pc has a great guide. I also turned on the laptop once to verify everything was working then proceeded to perform a fresh install of Windows 7 Pro, I will say that the included ASUS drivers disc is useful, there is also a guide for recommended driver installation, just search it.  It basically goes from around 30 drivers/apps to 14, so less bloatware and drivers that may crash the system, more specifically the CREATIVE audio driver.Pros:*True Desktop replacement*Nice screen (I am connected via HDMI to a 1080p HD Asus Display, so the screen lid stays closed, but the quality was nice when I was making sure the laptop arrived in good condition)*1.5 GB Graphics Card*Decent BIOS*Ease of 2 HDD bay install/4th ram slot upgrade*Matte black finish of laptop, doesn't show dust and finger prints as easily*The cooling is also great even when editing/encoding videoCons:*For using as a desktop replacement the location of the power input is horrible, it is right next to the LAN connection, and limits the placement on a desk when trying to perform cable management.*Placement of USB ports, miss having some connectivity on the rear. I will take better cooling due to massive exhaust over usb ports thoughConclusionEverybody has different reasons for purchasing laptops/computers, I had a very specific reason and knew what I wanted.  For the price, this laptop can almost compete with the price of a desktop with the same specs, I said almost, but then again the laptop is mobile.  I would suggest this laptop.