I've still got an old Dell Inspiron 8200 that I have been happy with for many years.  But, it's been feeling slow and it really can't keep up with some of the new software as well as having USB 1.0 ports that are painfully slow compared to USB 2.0.  So I wanted to get a new machine.  My main requirement was that the screen needed be be a high resolution one.  That limits choices.  I found a great deal on the HP.  So I took the plunge.The HP arrived on schedule and I started to use it right away.  Man this machine felt fast.  The screen was great.  The speed was great.  Sound was good.  No matter what they want you to believe, there is no way tiny laptop speakers will sound anything better than good.  They will not replace anyone's dedicated home stereo, unless it is really, really bad.  I was really happy with the computer at first.I was a happy camper until I started doing some typing.  I noticed that when I did a remote desktop connection to another computer the cursor would unexpectedly jump around.  This was annoying.  I thought that maybe I had a wireless router issue and tried reconnecting.  The problem kept recurring.  Then I noticed that the problem also occurred when I was using other software.  I then paid a closer attention and figured out the problem.  The touch pad on the computer is not centered with the keyboard.  It is offset to the right about 1/4".  I have no idea why they did that.  But that 1/4" offset means that when I type my right hand kept hitting the touch pad and making the cursor jump.  I don't have large hands, so I'm sure others would have the same problem.  I can't believe they would release a product with such a major problem.So less than three weeks after I got it and spent many hours setting it up and loading software I had to return the laptop.  When I called to get an RMA I was offered a discount, they didn't say how much, but I declined it without a second thought.Since then I have gone to a few stores to test out various laptops and I have no issues with other non-HP laptops.  Right now I am probably going to end up with a Dell, Sony or possibly an ASUS.It's really too bad as with the exception of the mis-placed touch pad I really liked the computer.