Hello, this review is about my preciousss... MacBook Air 13 256gb (2011).I have been using Thinkpad laptops for the past 10 years.  My last one was a T410s.  It was mediocre.  This is my first Apple laptop, and I'm now a believer.  I've had this machine for over a month.I carry this around with me almost every day in my Booq bag.  I installed Windows 7 Ultimate via Boot Camp, which works great.  I now use Mac OSX Lion about 80% of the time, and Windows 7 20%.What I love about this MacBook Air:-- awesome battery life, at least 6 hours.  I've never run out of power.  I don't even carry around my power cord.  Just make sure to charge the laptop every night.-- OSX Lion.  There are so many features that you cannot get in Windows:  the multi-touch gestures, buttery smooth pinch-to-zoom in Safari, multiple desktops, and full-screen applications.-- excellent LCD quality.  The bottom right of my screen had some uneven lighting issues when I first got the laptop.  I guess that the problem was that the glue needed to settle.  After 1 week, the lighting became more even.-- 256gb SSD is more than enough space.  I partitioned 80gb for Windows 7, which I'm using to write this review.-- very quiet.  Goodbye, spinning hard drive! I guess that the heat management is pretty good because the fans rarely turn on in OSX.  In Windows 7, the fans can kick in when I have 2 Chrome windows open with about 12 tabs open, including espn.com.-- adjustable keyboard backlight.  I can type like 85 wpm and I infrequently look at the keyboard.  I like how I can turn off the keyboard backlight, or change its brightness between about 15 levels.Change requests:-- upgrade USB ports to the 3.0 standard-- that's about it for the hardware.  For the software, sure there are features and minor bugs that can get fixed in OSX.  But this review is mainly about the hardware, and it is nearly a flawless victory.SO... should I get THIS one, or the teeny tiny, cutsey wootsy 11 inch laptop?-- Dudes:  get the 13 inch laptop. Why?  the battery life and screen real estate (higher resolution)-- Ladies:  whatever you prefer.Summary:From the perspective of a salaried, college-educated guy who used Thinkpads for 10 years, I highly recommend getting this MacBook Air.  I give it a 5/5.  Everything works, and you can use Windows if you want to.  But give OSX at least 1 week, and I think that you'll see that it's far superior to Windows for everyday tasks.UPDATE, Oct. 10My friend who weighs about 165 lbs accidentally stepped on my Booq bag.  The dude stepped on the side that had my precious.  In my mind, I was like "precoussss!"  But it was during church service, and I waited until the end of service to check if there was any damage.  I opened the lid and saw that there was... no damage.HAHA, too bad clumsy foot!  Precious wins!