Yup.  This is a great little laptop, but minor niggles and annoying design choices keep it from being the perfect notebook/thin-and-light computer.The pros, as so many others have written it down before me: light-weight, powerful-enough for most purposes (I haven't tried running my Igor Pro codes on this yet), Win7 is pretty cool (I skipped Vista; Win7 = Vista cleaned up?), pretty nice speakers*, long battery life (though I get only 5-6 hours, but w/o battery saving mode or with, but running an external webcam**.)  Small power adapter.  Smart-login (using the included webcam) works on-and-off, depending on the lighting conditions (d-uh!) and on the security settings you employ (I have it on the factory-default.)  Large hard-drive.The cons and niggles, or what in my view prevents this little nugget from being a true contender:1) *Speakers face downwards! So when it's on my lap, I have to be careful not to cover the speakers, otherwise the neat sound gets muffled.UPDATE: From the ASUS website, "The angle of the speakers also allows audio to be `bounced' upwards from any surface to provide better amplification, delivering a wider frequency range, which in turn produces lower pitches that allow users to hear every reverberation of the drums, as well as every note in pitch perfect quality." Ummm... sure.2) The battery was initially tight in it's slot, but has started jiggling (yes, I have locked it properly.)  Duct tape? :-)3) The price of being a sub-4lb notebook: no optical drive.  I just purchased an eMedia guitar learning software pack - which comes as a CD - and had to dig out my old external DVD-writer.  I am hoping that most of my not-on-TV-movie-watching and software will be downloads. [Thankfully, the eMedia upgrade from v4, which I have, to v5 is a download.]4) Dirt and finger-print magnet.5) I tried removing the plastic from the touch-pad, but it started behaving erratically (glue remnants from the sticker?), so I put the plastic back on.  I use an external mouse (trackball) when possible.6) **Webcam is just 0.3 MP, which is barely OK for video-chats.  I use an external, higher-resolution webcam to record my dog when I am away (she's getting over separation anxiety issues.)7) UPDATE: Just remembered: No Bluetooth (available on the Vt series.)  As Sheldon said: "Everything's better with Bluetooth!" :-)