I understand that budget is a big factor when purchasing a laptop...especially if you are a college student, or if your looking for an easy computer to do basic tasks. Keep in mind though, if your paying for a cheap laptop now, you'll be paying for another one within a couple years. That being said, i'm only giving it 3 stars because it worked nicely when we first got it. It slowed down quite a bit if you had more than a couple programs running, but I could compromise. What concerned me is how often the fan would come on, and how hot the machine got without a vent beneath it.These days the fan is constantly running, and CPU is through the roof (frequently at 100%) for no apparent reason, even upon start-up or with just a web browser on. It sounds like a small jet is sitting in my lap. It struggles having only 3 browser tabs open. The battery life was so-so initially, but since it runs  so hard these days it eats through the charge in no time flat. I've tried a number of things to clean it out and speed it up, but with little impact. And it's not like there's a lot of files on it either...minimal downloads, had virus protection, no more than a few gigs of photos. This laptop has had it pretty easy but it acts like it's going into cardiac arrest.I never write reviews, especially bad ones, but I have been battling with this laptop for almost 6 hours just trying to run a simple program to get my homework done and have gotten nowhere. I decided to restart it, and it was 'updating' for 45 minutes before I just shut it off. I started it up again, and it was 'reconfiguring' for another 30 before I shut it off again (yes I know that is terrible for it but I am so done with trying to cajole this machine into working properly). So now it is working on a startup repair (for 20 minutes) and I'm sure it will keep at it well into the night.For sure, there is no way I'm getting a Compaq again. I totally get trying to save money and purchasing a cheaper laptop, but for something that is going to be pricey anyway you might as well save up for a computer that is actually going to work well for a reasonable amount of time. This thing sucks.