EDIT: Thought I'd give a year update on my purchase. After almost 12 months, it's still rocking. This is the best computer I've ever owned; not once in 12 months of continuous gaming and use has it locked up/froze/blue screened etc. It still boots rapidly and can handle anything. I can have both Dota 2 and Civ 5 up on max settings and tab instantly between the two while having other programs/browser open. It's really been great gaming laptop and it still seems that for it's price point you aren't going to find a better value as far as specs go. Yes, you can get better specs if you are willing to pay $600-1000 more, but for what you get as well as the build quality and stability, this remains unparalleled. It's unfortunate that you no longer can pick between the Windows 7 and 8 versions, but I was able to get mine when it was Windows 7-only so I don't have that problem. All in all, just a great computer, and it has maintained the same level of performance and quality over the 12 months that I've owned it. I don't gush often on products but this one really warrants it.This is a great laptop. Purchased it as a desktop replacement because I need the mobility of a laptop for school as well as the power of a solid gaming rig. This thing rocks, especially for the price. I'll try to run through some of the highlights.Screen: Incredible. The best display I've seen on a laptop.Hardward: Excellent. If you are looking at this computer you are a serious gamer who does their homework, so you know this thing is packing. Only downside is it comes with the GTX 675m and not the new Radeon 7990 or whatever but it's destroying whatever I've thrown at it. Dota 2 and Diablo 3 both run on max settings flawlessly. 16gb of RAM is obscene, same with the 1.5TB HDD.Build: Really great. It has an excellent full keyboard with sturdy, robust keys. Backlighting is nice and easily turned off. It doesn't get very hot, at least from my experience. The mode dial isn't cheesy either, its really nice to be able to switch between different power settings quickly, although the default skins were kinda lame, but easy to turn off.Negatives: Glossy finish is a huge fingerprint magnet. Battery life is about 3.5hrs on energy saver. Wish some of the casing could've been metal, but I suppose the plastic keeps the weight down. Touch sensitive volume key is pretty stupid.All in all it's an awesome gaming laptop, especially at where it's priced. I've had it for about 3 weeks and it's been just awesome, I'm really pleased with how it's turned out.