Pros:Sandy Bridge Processor and discrete GPUBuild QualityTrack Pad InterfaceRed Backlit Keyboard.CostCons:Screen resolution very lowScreen colors very washed outScreen dimContrast LowDid I mention bad screen?Top of laptop shell is a fingerprint magnetOverall:What could be an amazing laptop, is killed by an awful screen.I purchased the HP Envy 14 Beats Edition after finding that it seemed to be the best Windows laptop available in terms of design, build quality, and CPU/GPU power to size ratio. I did read prior to purchasing numerous reviews stating that the display of non-Radiance Envy's were lacking in quality. I did not realize how lacking in quality these screens would be.Upon opening the Beats Envy 14, I found the quality of packaging to be superb. Quite possibly the nicest product packaging I have ever seen. The laptop itself is beautiful as well. The matte black surfaces felt solid and the overall build quality was strong. I did find that the keyboard had a bit more flex in it than I would have preferred. Sponginess can be found at almost all points along the keyboard. The outer lid of the laptop also showed fingerprint marks immediately.The Envy 14 is one great looking book from the outside. Unfortunately, books can't just be judged by their covers! Upon starting up the laptop, I was immediately disappointed with the brightness of the screen. The room was fairly dark when it first came on, so the screen really shouldn't have been struggling. Secondly, the default screen background is a Beats logo on a black background. At almost all viewing angles, though, this background looks grey. Not even a dark grey. Just grey. Next I went to watching some DVD videos. Colors were completely washed out, every part of the rainbow having a greyish hue to it. And the low resolution of the display made me feel like I was watching a VHS tape in 1987.So the Envy 14 has found itself returned to sender. My wife has a Macbook 13, and maybe I have been spoiled by that screen. All that I know is that I can't recommend the Envy for one reason, and one reason only. An awful screen.Thanks for reading, and good luck in finding your next laptop.