I am enjoying my first month with the Asus laptop. My previous laptop was an HP Pavilion 15.5 inch glossy screen.  I really like the matte screen of the Asus.  As far as screen size, I debated going with the Asus 15.6 vs the 14.1 and decided the 14.1 would be better, given the lower screen resolution.  I am totally fine with this decision.  I am also very happy with the lightweight laptop and battery life with the standard 6 cell battery.  No doubt helped by the smaller screen real estate, I am getting a legitimate 5 hours of use.  This is compared to my old HP with a 12 cell battery (heavy) and getting only 2.5 hours.Also, the wifi is excellent as far as speed maintained and range.  I can easily get 25 feet away from my modem, through several walls and still get 80% of the highest speed that I would get standing next to my modem.Another plus is this laptop runs cool to the touch.  No more singed thighs.  And the "ice cool" technology also keeps the palm rest comfortable.My only two concerns with the Asus are keyboard related.  The keys are less contoured than I would like, so it is slightly easier to mistype. Having a little more space between them would be helpful.  Also, the Caps Lock key (as well as the other keys) lacks an LED indicator.  This could have been done and I would gladly have paid more for it.  These are minor complaints and would not keep me from recommending this unit.  Now, as to longevity...we shall see.5/4/12 update:  I need to downgrade from 4 stars to 2 stars.  ASUS product support is virtually non-existent.  Sent an email in to product support and it took six days to get a reply.  Website is in English, somewhat.  Went on to live chat today for support.  Nobody came online for almost thirty minutes.  Then a message appeared which said "engineers are busy, click here for support site".  So I clicked there and another message came up:  "Bad request".  So, I next called someone who tried to help but suggested I call back the next day to get an RMA.  I asked for my case number and he said he can't give me one as they were having problems with their software!I still like the laptop, but with non-support like this, I will not buy another product from ASUS.5/10/12 update 2:  Actually contacted by ASUS rep after seeing this post.  I like that they are willing to make improvements.  People just want to know that the company they buy a product from will actually care enough to support that product and improve satisfaction.  Upgraded from two stars to three stars.  I still like the laptop and am liking ASUS more, thanks to Tien.