I purchased this computer last summer. I use it for work and play, and overall I've been happy with it.Pros:1. Big screen with nice graphics. Important for my work, which involves analyzing microscopy pictures.2. Fast. Starts up fast (I usually set it to hibernate rather than turn it off, making start up even faster) and runs fast.3. Decent memory (see above with all the microscopy...the images take a lot of disk space, and I'm not even close to filling up the memory. Not to mention tons of personal pictures)4. Fingerprint log-in is fun, and keeps the computer slightly more secure.5. Decent built in camera and microphone for video calls.6. Quiet keyboard with decently spaced keys.7. Touch pad can be turned on and off easily, and has that cool zoom in/out two finger motion.8. Decent speakers (better than my last Dell)9. Easy buttons for controlling sound/screen brightness/calculator/etc10. Lots of input sources located on the side of the computer (USBs, video, headphones, etc).11. Lightweight.12. Windows 7 is much nicer than Windows XP or whatever that other version was that came in between XP and 7. It's fast and has few glitches.Cons:1. When trying to zoom into pictures or PDFs, it's easy to turn the image rather than zoom in/out.2. Runs hot, thanks in part to the quality graphics. I'd recommend getting a fan to cool it off, or a lap desk so you don't overheat it. I haven't over-heated the computer yet, even though I run it all the time, but I definitely make sure I don't keep the computer on my lap (which I could do with my Dell). An easy fix is placing the computer on a book or binder rather than your lap.3. I really wish it had a number pad. I do a lot of data entry, and it's easier to enter numbers in with a number pad.4. Really short battery life. I'm lucky if I still get 2 hours on a charge (it started with just 3 hours) thanks to the fan that always runs.5. The fan always runs.6. Occasionally when the computer is switching between graphic cards (which it does when you switch from an AC source to the battery, to save on energy), the screen won't come back on until I hit the "increase brightness" button. Occasionally that doesn't work either, and I have to restart the computer. I haven't called HP customer services to ask about this yet.7. If you run the lower-quality graphics card when the power is coming from the battery, the quality definitely decreases, which is a bummer.All in all, I can work around the running fan and don't have too much of an issue keeping the computer plugged in. For the price, it's a decent deal. If you want decent memory and speed and can deal with the fan running and an occasional quirk, it's worth the savings.UPDATE: Hard drive quit after 2.5 years. Bummer.