First off I want to say "I love my new MacBook Air"I truly have not used a computer that I love more than this.PRO's- LIGHT weight! This computer weighs absolutely nothing, but it's still a great performer and sturdy as well- Battery life. Although it's small and light, the battery life is great on it. Believe me, I can run it on battery for over 4 hours while watching a movie, surfing the net, typing papers, just letting it sit idle and still have battery life left over after it's been sitting closed in my bag for half a day. I'm not talking "20 minutes battery life left, please connect to charger", no it's more like 1 1/2 hours to work with.- Speed. I owned the first generation Aluminium MacBook "Pro" (back then it was still only called a MacBook and didn't have an SD card slot) but the processor was a 2.4 GHz Core 2 Duo and my MBAir is as fast, if not faster, which is due to the Solid State Drive in this baby.- Boot time: 18 seconds- Shut-down time: 2 seconds (yes, that's 2 (TWO) SECONDS)- Display: The screen on the MacBook Air is awesome! My former MacBook Pro had an abysmal screen on it compared to this. It's thin, has a great viewing angle and nothing looks washed out, even in the corners.CON's- My biggest problem with this computer is that the keyboard feels just a little cheap. I love the chicklet keys and it's just as a big a keyboard as on all the other MBP's but it just feels a little "clickier" and I don't like it too much- Video speed. When loading new tabs in Chrome or Firefox (I don't like Safari) or playing videos in iTunes it does slow down the rest of the system or the other tabs in the browser considerable. In the end, I would have probably invested more money in the 4GB of RAM, but that was not offered by Amazon- I'm afraid to break it, because it's so light weight, although it's so sturdy :)VERDICT:BUY BUY BUY! I love my laptop and if you are a Mac User already you are going to love this one as well, since it's snappy fast and awesome! - Another thing I did, was buy a MiniDisplayport to HDMI adapter and hooked it up to my LCD TV and it works awesome to watch Netflix and hulu and all kinds of other stuff on.