I purchased this notebook as a present for my younger brother birthday. I used the notebook for some time to make sure that everything works, so my review will be kind of short and straight to the point.Design: Good. I can even call it stylish (once you remove all this annoying stickers that are all over it).Build quality: Ok. I did not expect it to be great, but I think it is good for the price I paid.Keyboard: Good.Touchpad: Did not like it. Weird to use because of it's textured surface.Display: GoodBattery life: Though it is not as advertised, but I think it is good. Maybe it is because I did not own CULV model before.This laptop is very quiet, except for one issue I had problems with. When the laptop is in idle its HDD starts making annoying clicking sounds. To me it looked as if it was issue with HDD power control. It sounds like the laptop spins HDD down for a moment to save power in idle, but the next second it starts spinning up and makes quiet but clearly audible clicking sound - "shiick". And it repeats itself every 20-30 seconds. If you start working on the laptop and put some load on HDD (like watching video) - the clicking sound goes away.Considering that other parts in this laptop are very quiet - this clicking sound is a little annoying. I went on the web and is seems that this HDD clicking sound is frequent issue with this model. I haven't heard similar sounds from HDD on any other notebooks I used so far.I run diagnostics but it did not show anything wrong with HDD drive. I called customer support and told them about what I am experiencing with their product. They told me that I need to send this new notebook to them (free of charge) so that they can take a look at the problem and if they find that HDD is defective they will replace it. After waiting for 2 weeks I got a call that they inspected my notebook and did not find any issues with HDD. I asked them about that 'clicking' sound, but the answer was that their technician inspected my laptop and it is operating as expected. No defects were found. I guess the technician was running the same diagnostics tool I was running.Overall: good laptop, but there is a chance of getting a laptop with clicking HDD, dealing with incompetent customer support which does not resolve your issues. If you get your laptop with quiet HDD (as quiet as the rest of this laptop parts) - you will be happy.