You know, I have been a huge supporter of HP laptops for as long as I can remember.  This was my fourth HP Laptop going back about 9 years in all.  The first two still worked fine when I bought the third they were just to slow and technology on laptop advances lead me to buying a new one.  My Third Hp Laptop was amazing, light weight, good battery life, performance wasnt the best but still did everything I needed it to do but after 4 years and three deployments to the middle east the sand and crappy power finally got to it.  Then came this Laptop, figured I would splurge and spend good money to get a Laptop that was capable of playing games at that time, would have a decent battery life and I was really looking for the HD screen along with the Blu Ray player.  I spent nearly $1.600 on this laptop along with the docking station, TV Tuner which has never worked and an extra battery.  Boy what a waste that was, the original battery exploded after 3 months, then the Blu Ray quit working, the docking station still works great but the laptop not so much.  Now I have the Audio an wireless functions pop up on the screen randomly and you cant do a dang thing on the laptop while this is going so you have to wait for the computer to stop acting stupid.  The wireless turns off by itself without every touching anything and the thing heats up so fast and the cooling system sucks.  Called HP and well wish I could understand a word they said, replaced Blu Ray it works sometimes, Battery warranty was only 90 days go figure and well the audio and wireless problem there is no fix for without sending in for Mother board replacement.  I will not be buying a HP computer ever again, the build quality is marginal at best, the customer service well cant say how good or bad it is not a single person speaks english or even decent broken english for that matter.  I am done with HP for ever and this from a devoted HP consumer.  How about making products some were else besides communist China and getting people that speak english for crying out loud.