As I rarely review, the awesome-ness of this laptop inspired me to actually do one.Pros:-Battery life (6 hours give or take)While watching tv shows connected to wifi, word docs opened, and multiple tabs running in firefox. This is a big pro for a college student like me since finding a plug in school is like trying to finding parking in manhattan, virtually impossible unless you wake up extra early and never leave your spot. There's always a bunch of freshmen hogging it at hours at a time. At this moment writing this review while procrastinating on my paper, I'm snickering inwardly at the poor suckers who are searching avidly for a plug that I currently do not need for longgggg while. Heck I don't even need to bring the charger with me to school since this laptop virtually lasts me the whole entire day that I'm in school, taking notes in class and spending leisure break time between classes. Not bringing the charger makes it so much easier to travel with.-Solid keyboard and mousepad.Keys are evenly spaced out and bouncy for the lack of a better adjective. The mouse pad feels smooth and is way more accurate and responsive than my hp laptop that I had since freshman year. Multi-touch interface is a nice add-on and works surprisingly well. Did I mention there's a number pad?? *happy dance* I like how they included for the fn+f6 combination a way to instantly dim your display all the way off to save battery when you need to be afk and the fn+f7 to disable the mouse pad just in case you wanted to use an actual mouse or so it doesn't move accidentally while typing, a feature that I loved in my hp that I worried for nothing that it wouldn't be an option for this laptop. The laptop also doesn't flex at all compared to the other thin ones I've looked at.-Processor speedLess than a minute in total to start up with the usual start up programs and 20 secs to automatically connect to the wifi. Took my 3 yr old laptop 10 mins just to do all that. Runs multiple programs well and the fan barely runs, when it does it's fairly quiet.-Nvidia graphics card =)-Speakers (clarity not as good as my old HP laptop but a couple of adjustments to the dolby home theater application, the speakers sound decent)-640 gigs of spaceTechnically 580 gigs b/c of the bloatware and room for the OS. But it's plenty for my movies and music collection.-USB 3.0Blazing speeds for transferring files and you can charge your devices even with your laptop off.-it's THIN and the physical aluminum chassis screams out durability and edginess-Cheaper than a complicated macCons:-Screen qualityHighly reflective especially in sunlight, probably going to get a matte screen protector for it. Other than that movies still look great in the 15.6" screen.