I'm not even sure where start?  I get the package take it out of box and the disapointment flood gates open. My first quick impression was instant dislike for fit and feel, the screen seems to torque in an uncomfortable way when you pry it open, if you have owned better you will understand, the keyboard is one of the worse I have ever used, the touch pad and clickers are even worse than the keyboard itself somehow made to confuse the user and make you hunt down the buttons in the bland black darkness, if this wasn't bad enough the pad is placed to the left side of the keyboard, better for a left handed person maybe but forces a right handed person to cross the center of the keyboard to control slinding motion. The touch pad starts in the center and goes left from there about three inches pretty dumb in my opinion. They went against the proven idea of giving you some kind of groove to hold on to while opening the system from closed position, and without something to grip when opening you almost always end up having the sytem slide out of its placement to get it open. I showed my wife the new sytem and she starts to say how sorry she was and sugesting I just send it back which I have never done before.  I decided to wipe WINDOWS 8 and install store bought WINDOWS 7, now in the past I have always been able to get a system up from windows generic drivers and use the Wifi to later download exact drivers, this did not happen, WINDOWS left me with no WIFI so I ended up using a second system to get them and moved them over via CD, but guess what ACER at least up to this point fails to have correct video drivers available for this system on their support page, I was forced to get them from Lenevo web support site. Acer also has intel based drivers listed on a AMD machine?  No thanks to Acer this machine is working, I could not live with the touch pad so I bought a USB mouse I think the machine is better for the improvements. Acer forces you to give them the 22 charactor SN for every question you submit to them and responds only fifty percent of the time. When they do decide to respond the information they reply with is worthless and evasive by nature, trying to discourage you from improving the system with scary driver talk instead of guiding your way to success  -total defeatist minded tech support! I will never buy another acer product again because of the poor tech support, if I was in charge of acer I would fire the people who designed this system, there is just no reason for its absence of even the slightest sense of ergonomics.