I've had this laptop for just over 2 years now, and I have to say, I'm impressed. It has a couple quirks, but for what I payed for it, it's a champ, any issues I had with it I've been able to resolve myself, first off, I'll list the cons that I've run into in my 2 years of laptop ownership.CONS:1. HEAT - This laptop is by no means a lightweight, this is a desktop replacement, boasting a beefy i7 processor that runs standard at 1.6 GHz, and goes up as needed to 2.2. That means this thing pumps out quite a bit of heat, idling usually around 60 degrees Celsius, going up to 85 under max load. That being said, the cooling system used is very efficient, as long as you keep the fan clear (easily reached through the bottom panel) and don't block the port, you won't have issues with it. Not once during the time I've had this laptop has it overheated, through basic use, through Minecraft, Mass Effect, Just Cause, and pretty much anything else I've thrown at it.2. HARD DRIVE - Just about a year after I got the laptop, the hard drive died in a spectacular crash during use, but as a 320G drive is barely passable these days, not a big issue for me. The issue actually came up after I popped in the nice and roomy new 750GB drive, where a number of windows functions didn't appear to work. This was resolved simply by reinstalling the Intel Storage Utility, as the driver in the laptop didn't fully support drives that large.3. BSOD - This guy had me stumped for a good long time, randomly during use, I would get a Blue Screen directed towards the USB 3.0 Driver crashing, fiddling with the bios, reformatting, and trying different drivers did nothing, so I chalked it up to a hardware issue UNTIL I discovered that the problem was easily fixable in windows settings. Turns out the 3.0 port doesn't like being put on standby to save power, so just switching all the settings in device manager to not allow windows to do that fixed all problems.So, in summary, for the cons, Keep your exhaust port clean and open, Intel Storage Utility for big drives, and power settings for the USB ports in Device Manager. Do this and you'll be as happy as a clam with this laptop.The nicest thing I note about this laptop is that it has room to grow, you don't pay through the nose up front for easy upgrades you can make later. Hard Drive? A little small, but it's a standard, just pop in a new one, takes maybe 5 minutes, same with the RAM, starts at 4, and  goes up to 8 whenever you feel like it.