Also got this for $250 from Target. I only got it since I had the top end model since 2010. The only difference between the two is the CPU one Intel this one and the other is AMD. Both dual core 2.0GHz vs 1.7GHz in this one. But the L2 cache is 2MB instead of 1MB in the one I had. Same 4GB of RAM but this one can be upgraded to 8GB. Both have the same LED/LCD HD panel. Mine has optional Blue-Ray player that gives you higher contrast panel very deep blacks. Other than that the keys placement is the same. You'll learn to live with it in time. For the price this is not a bad laptop if your in the market for one. The Target sale will end when they're gone no rain checks. But if you can get one or more time is right to give all your kids and you and the wife one. Can't go wrong with this purchase. It only comes in one color black with touch of grey. Panel is glossy ultra bright you want that type of panel you don't want flat matted type ones are washed out look and older technology LCD it has to be LED which this one is.3x USB ports1x Full HDMI port1x SDHD Card Port1x Power1x Stereo Head phonesThe one I have has all of that plus red amber lite soft touch controls. Still this one not that heavy like the one I have. If you able to get on one buy it!Update 8.12.12Had order additional 4GB from Amazon for $21 and install it. Now 8GB with 7.48GB usable. Index rating gone up from out to the box 4.5, then tweaked changing the system from the default power (Balance) to High Power 4.9 and now it's 5.0.1. Before you do anything with this tablet you need to get Norton Removal tool too take off the bloatware.Run that twice. Freeware just search for it on Google2. Run Pc-Decrapifier (freeware) That finds everything you have installed and then you choose what to take off. Hint keep all ACER software.3. SmartDefrag (freeware) use that for boot defrag, MFT, pagefile and system. Set to once every first boot4. Slimcleaner or Cloud System Booster (both freeware) or ToolWiz Care freewareDo 1 thru 4 and that laptop will be quicker.