After doing some light research, I bought this laptop as a quick fix to serve as my go-to AutoCAD tool for school.  I already have a Mac so the stakes were high for this machine.  Right out of the box the thing worked like a charm.  It detected my wi-fi and printer in almost seconds so I was ready to go.  Loading the AutoCAD software was easy as well, no hiccups, and I've been able to use it consistantly for 3 months without incident.  Overall, I'm extremely pleased with this laptop and I have to say Windows 7 isn't half bad either.  I have yet to spring for the full-blown MS Office 2010, but the Office Starter that comes with the machine has worked perfectly enough that I find I don't need the full version yet.  I'm able to work in Excel and Word without a problem, inclusive of editing and creating new docs.  I use Excel a LOT and have yet to be hindered with the Office Starter capabilities.  It is a free tool, which means there are ads present, but they are shuffled to the right margin and never jump out into the document itself. Granted, you lose a fair chunk of working space, but it IS a free tool so consider what you are getting for the money.  For my school needs, I'm just fine working around that for now.A couple nits:1) the constant Windows Updates.  It seems like everyday, either Windows or VAIO wants to load something new on my machine.  I've started becoming selective based on my needs, but if this sort of thing doesn't bother you then its a non-issue.  It has died down since the first days of having the machine so it probably just needed to catch up with the current info once it started up for the first time.2) the screen is HIGHLY reflective and that can get annoying if your light source isn't in the exact, right spot.  I've not quite found that sweet spot, but it's definitely not behind or directly overhead.  Off to the side and not directly pointed at the screen seems to work well.Other reviews I read poo-pooed the power cord placement on the side of the laptop vs. the back, but this hasn't been a thorn in my side or anything so it's all personal preference.For under $700, I am extremely happy with my purchase and definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a cheaper alternative that will still handle most tasks with ease.PS - I've streamed Netflix over my home wi-fi very successfully as well.