I just erased about 20 lines of problems; maybe such an occurrence is another problem (that I also had with my ACER netbook that I replaced): accidental deletions by chance encounters with the mousepad.  The mousepad is sticky: the fingers don't slide easily (my ACER netbook worked great).  When speaking with an ASUS tec rep, I turned the laptop over to read the model number for him and a tic-tic-tic... sounded for 15 seconds (maybe a fan?).  He didn't know what it might have been.  I bought a security cable only to find out that the ASUS hole is too small for the cable size I bought (the only size I could find).  When I do find a small diameter cable I worry that it will be hard to manage because it is very close to the power input plug.  The user manual that came with the laptop is a few pages only.  I tried to set up Speech Recognition, but it couldn't hear any sound.  I phoned a tec rep to ask where the builtin microphone is and after literally being on hold for almost 15 minutes while he looked for the location, I hung up and rephoned.  This rep, after some time, located the pinhole mike and we established that it was working (but not enough for Speech Recog).  He also told me how to download the full manual.  Before I found out a regular manual exists, I phoned tec support to find out what the 4 symbols mean that are just below the mousebar; another 5 minutes to determine what they represent.  I spoke with 3 men and all had accents very hard to understand (located in Freemont CA) (but I have lost some hearing, so maybe that was the problem); one woman was easy to understand.  Yesterday (I've had the laptop 2 days) the screen went crazy; the battery indicator said 2 hours+ remained, but when I plugged in the power the screen returned to normal.  For a 64 bit dual core, it seems slow, but that could be an Internet problem.  I am no expert with laptops, and I wish ASUS would make things easier for us novices.  I would have returned the laptop but I leave the country in 2 days.