Im gonna cut straight to what you gamers want to hear.This laptop can run skyrim at MAX settings, and ittl get a TEEENY bit choppy in towns.It can run WoW at max settings, without skipping a beat. (poor internet connections may still slow the loading of orgrimmar though)It can run SWTOR at max settings, and same as wow, my slow interet speeds slow the loading of the Republic fleet on a busy day.It can run Tf2 at max settings, even when i use console commands to DOUBLE the gamespeed on offline practice mode.It runs minecraft at full settings without flaw.Im currently installing Just Cause 2 and Portal 2 and Garys mod to test those games, but based on how it handled the first 5, im sure they'll do just fineThe gaming mouse mine came with was a nice freebie, but as a long time user of the Razer Naga, i feel that the button placement for hte included mouse is horrible for gaming.  Two on either side of the primary mouse buttons. and 2 below the scroll wheel.It also comes with a backpack. Ive only used the backpack for 1 day so far, but it seems like a decent backpack.The backpack is dark grey with mild green. (at least the one *I* received is that color, peraps the colors vary)at first i ordered this laptop by mistake  ( i was reviewing the G73sx )  but after researching more,  and seeing in person  how big a 17'3 laptop is, im glad i got this version.The trackpad is OKAY i guess, but when im playing anything but SWTOR or WOW, i use an external mouse.also its easy to disable the trackpad so you dont hit it by accident, you just press Fn+F9the lighted keyboard is very nice, there are also arrows on the WASD keys, and a little jumping dude on the spacebar.The battery life depends what setting u have it on, theres a button on the top left that switches the laptop between 4 modes:1. High Performance2. Quiet office3. Entertainment (Theater)4. Battery saverat first i thought my laptop couldnt game with lots of other stuff open in the background, then i realized i just had it on battery saving mode. So dont get worried when that happens, just make sure u set it to high performance.and as the default background suggests, this laptop has the look and feel of a stealth fighter jet.This is a fantastic laptop. DEFINITELY worth the money.