I am fairly computer literate and spent a lot of time reading reviews of ultraportable and portable laptops until I finally opted for this one. It's replacing a Netbook which I had doubled the ram and personally installed an Intel SSD drive. Despite these upgrades, the Netbook was still a boat-anchor. Having had two Netbooks and been for the most part disatisfied with their performances, I considered instead to go for it's bigger brethren, one with an i3 at a minimum. I live in Canada and despite living in one of the largest cities, I didn't have an array of options at my disposal. The best option for me since I do lot's of traveling and wanted something with a small footprint, and lightweight was this Macbook 11.I have a very fast and up to date PC desktop running Windows 7, which this Mac won't ever replace. Many have discussed the fit and finish so I won't mention that, but having it on your lap and using it for several hours now, I must say that it is an excellent little unit. The screen is absolutely gorgeous. Really, there's nothing out there that can compete with it. The screen alone is almost worth the price of admission! The keyboard is nearly full size and it too is excellent. I'm new to the OS, so I can't really comment on it. I haven't spent enough time with the unit to be able to offer an opinion on the battery life.I've installed Adobe Flash and it plays video content without a hiccup. While I can't speak for anyone else, I can say that with multiple tabs open in Safari and video playback, that the system is certainly fast enough for me. The dual core 1.4Ghz cpu is certainly not cutting edge, but at the same time it isn't a slouch, easily blowing away the Atom cpu in the aforementioned boat anchor! With an SSD drive, GeFore 320 GPU and 2GB of ram, the apps open instantaneously! I wanted to get the unit with 4GB of ram, but no stores here had it in stock and I would have had to wait 5 to 7 business days for Apple to ship one to me. I didn't want to wait. Why Apple would decide to solder the RAM to the motherboard is beyond me! So far I'm not seeing the laptop suffer secondary to the lack of RAM. I hope I don't regret that decision.So overall, very satisfied with this unit.Awesome screen+Snappy and responsive CPU and GPU+ Super small footprint and weight+ Beautiful industrial design-High cost of admission=4 stars.