I'm an IT professional and VERY picky when it comes to my laptop. I read the reviews on this and was mixed between the good and bad on here, so I decided to visit a Microsoft Store and check it out on my own. I immediately was amazed how thin and light this was just like a MacBook Air (which I used and had before).  I compared this to the Samsung series 9 laptop and although yes I wish it had a non-glossy screen it still beats it in price tag and performance.Pros:-Laptop does not show any traces of fingerprints (which annoyed me with other laptops)-Screen is very crisp and clear. Yes, its glossy but its a "comfortable glossy" like the macbook air-Keys are very responsive and comfortable. You do have to press a bit more but I easily got used to it.-The touchpad is the best I've ever used on any Windows laptop. Very smooth and responsive like a macbook.-Great performance as it has the i5 processor-Super fast bootup and screen on/off time-Simple and basic in terms of ports (2) USB and HDMI which are positioned perfectly in the back. I see no need for laptops to have tons of ports on the sides and back adding bulk to it.-For this price its a steal compared to what other manufacturers are charging.Cons:-The up/down/left/right keys are tiny, but eventually you get used to it-Battery life is not as long as MacBook Air but its still descent for an ultrabook.-Yes, its true that the click button below the touchpad you have to press very hard (mostly for a right click), however if you go into mouse settings and just enable "single tap" and set up "double tap" as a pop up menu, you will have no need to press down on pad at all.  This has such amazing trackpad drivers that I can glide through pages and screens with no effort.Overall, don't let the Acer name or price fool you, this laptop is a gem and best design, performance and feel I have ever seen outside of Apple.  I bought mine from a Microsoft Store which has the Microsoft Signature service (basically they re-load the OS with no bloatware).  If your in the market for a Windows 7 thin, fast and on the go laptop, this is the one for you!