//UPDATE: This piece of **** died on me a couple days before my finals--it lasted a whole year and a month. I've since purchased an Asus which (after a month and a half of usage) works beautifully.My one-year warranty expired a week ago, and I literally think my xps m1330 will die on me at any minute.Pros:lightweight, portable; easy to carry.Cons:everything else. It overheats so bad you could fry an egg on it. Literally--even the plastic keys get hot.Where do I begin?? The laptop broke on the first night I used it; I had just turned it on and started using the internet when it turned off and wouldn't reboot. A technician came out but said the problem was unfixable, so it had to be replaced. A couple months later, the new laptop they had sent (which was supposed to be exactly the same, but was obviously different) died on me--the night before a midterm (I had all my notes saved on it). The screen turned white and made a loud series of beeping noises. Once again, a technician came out, but was able to fix the computer.Maybe half a year later, the charger overheated so badly that it died--this happened days before my new school semester. Once again, I had to contact dell's customer service to send a replacement; though the shipping was fast, it would have been better if the product hadn't malfunctioned to begin with. For a period of time the webcam malfunctioned--I had to contact customer service twice about it. For some reason, flash malfunctions on my computer (I reinstalled it multiple times, but to no avail). The wifi detector is a piece of junk--my roommate (who has a cheaper laptop) always gets internet at our apartment, whereas mine disappears and grows faint. I could go on and on with the problems. The one thing that confuses me is that laptops with worse specs function much better/faster than mine--you'd think with 8 GB of RAM, I could at least open photoshop without it freezing.I've had this laptop for a year and a week and it took more than 5 minutes to open the 'control panel'. That and, within a couple minutes of use, it overheats. Any moment I'm not using it I ahve to turn it off.Don't let my horror story be yours. Spend a little more on a durable laptop that will actually last more than a year. And a note to Dell: if you made your products more durable, I wouldn't have had to contact customer service so often, or have to get everything replaced.Oh, and.. I'm currently trying to copy 2.6 GB of items onto a DVD, and after four hours it will still take 2 days and 14 hours.