The selling point with this performance laptop is its expandability and well-designed case.Starting with the upgrades, observations, notes:1- Bottom cover removes fairly easily.  Fastened by just two micro screws and a slightly annoying slide technique.2- access to 2 HD bays is straightforward.  Each bay is fastened with 4 screws to the case and 4 screws for each hd enclosure.3- access to memory slots is immediately available once the bottom cover is slid off.  access to the other two slots is tedious, but hard from difficult.  Those two inner slots (1&2) come with the stock 4GBs for a total of 8 gb with 2 slots empty.4- access to battery only by removing the cover, and it's fastened by two screws and a wire based connector.5- the other hd bay is occupied with a dvdr drive.  it's a 4x4 screw deal like the normal hd bays, but it has room for about 2 ssds there, but unfortunately it can only support 1 drive in here, despite there being space for 2 ssds.  motherboard/chipset restrictions i suppose, idk.6- also, to use this (tertiary HD bay)bay for an ssd you'll need a special cable.  I'll mention the exact name when i revisit this review.To achieve the advertised "quad play ssd config", you use three ssd's installed inside and an internal msata sad  via a connector which is located under the palm rest, which requires further disassembly into an area that should be more readily available.BIOS:It came with A05 and though I'm still fresh into my research there are modded bioses available that unlock more features.  But, among those in the stock bios were decent over-clocking options.UEFI compat.I'm running it pretty aggressively atm with no problems.  heat is not bad.  fan has never gone into extreme cooling speeds except when I ran a bios run diagnostic that forced it.  and when it did, i was pretty amazed how loud it was.  seemed very strong.  definitely reassuring.So, I will be revisiting this review soon as I've only had this a week and my setup isn't even complete yet (awaiting another ssd for raid stripe) but plan to log some good hours in by christmas.looking like a solid 4.5 now.  hard to come up with any strong negatives, even under a critical eye.  price is high in a sense, very reasonable in another.  the case is well designed in terms of looks and ventilation, as well as space for ssd expandability and room for plenty of quality heatsinks and dissipators.  From a macro view, I think the transition to the even larger screens makes sense.  The 17.3 inch screen definitely feels an inch or so, small.