DEFINITELY READ THIS BEFORE YOU BUY THIS LAPTOPI have owned an asus before, was not bad (but it crashed on a video game and never started again) I figured maybe I was the cause of it. I bought another one, this one. Do not bother purchasing it. This laptop will suck your time dry. I have had numerous problems that took up many hours of online research, and phone calls, and more money.PROBLEMS 1) Within minutes of starting my computer for the first time, I GET the BLUE screen of death. Took me awhile to figure this one out. Unfortunately my left USB port would allow a plug to go in upside down and shorted the system. NO GOOD, 2)Screen quality is junk 3) Video games are not very compatible with this laptop. Many hours fixing bugs and downloading driver updates, and patches. 4) During video games there will be a line that goes across the screen and breaks up the graphics for a split second during cinematic, but frequently and in different locations-just odd. 5)The battery life is horrible, it will say 2 hours-you will be lucky if you get 1 and half.  I thought I read somewhere that this thing got 10 hours! I looked over something there. 6)DVD drive just stopped working. I DO NO KNOW WHY. 7)only three USB ports. 8)I had to buy a recovery cd for 60 dollars!!! because the OS crashed within the 3rd month. 9)MY LEFT mouse Button on the Laptop is starting to be unresponsive-sometimes it does not select it and now I have noticed I am putting much pressure on it to get it to work. 19)The asus live update feature is a scam!! I have never downloaded a driver from it and it always says its up to date-LIARS. HOURS of finding the drives myself. Turns out that the software they offer on there website is ALSO OUT OF DATE. I had to purchase another software (driver genius) to get the right drivers. 11)POOR customer service-long wait on the phone and no one I have talked to so far speaks clear English, but that goes for HP as well. PLAIN AND SIMPLE DO NOT BUY THIS LAPTOP, ALSO DO NOT BUY A ASUS. pure junk. there are no good laptops out there anymore though.... best computer I have ever owned- VPR Matrix. It is still alive and kicking. Never had a problem with it. I bought it 10 years ago. old Pentium 4