Years ago I only use XP, but the debacle with Vista left me looking for a new OS.  I turned to Linux distributions.  Ubuntu, Mint, and many others offer a great variety of OS to fit my needs.  After years of doing that, I tried my first Mac.  So, here's an aging geek's take on the Mac.Getting accustomed:The first time you start a Mac it take a few minutes to understand the gestures.  What makes all the screens visible, shifts from one workspace to another, and scrolling a page.  Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously.  I found my experience was not atypical when a friend bought her first Mac and was able to make the gestures a habit within a day of on and off use.Browsing files and starting programs is a little different that windows, but it's easy to figure out.  To browse local files, use the Finder and to find a program, use the Launchpad.Compared to Windows 8, figuring out how to use a Mac is a walk in the park.  I have a Win8 machine gathering dust because of this laptop.Hardware:I built many computers.  Most of then are 4+ cores and built for speed.  Apple hardware is not the newest, but it's rock solid.  They make products that work!  Everything is fluid and intuitive- something that can't be said about Win8.Software:Like it's hardware, these Macbooks have well tuned software that simply works.  For those who need to use a Windows program, a program called Parallels works very well to run those programs on a Mac.Price:Yes, you pay a premium for this kind of hardware and software.  Is it worth it?  If you are looking for a long term, everyday laptop- the Macbook is an ideal choice.  If you need something that will get trashed (going on deployment, you tend to drop your laptop, ect) or you just need something short term, maybe an investment in a laptop isn't best.  For some people, a tablet is a better choice.  Samsung makes the Note 10.1 and 8 which read handwriting very well.  Choose hardware that will fit your life.Overall:Great product for home and/or business users that need a full laptop.  Instead of buying a low cost laptop every 2-3 years, get a Mac which will last you 10 years.Note:Please take care of your battery, no matter what laptop/tablet you have.  Try to fully discharge a battery before recharging it.  When recharging it, recharge it fully.  Please, please, don't leave a laptop plugged into the wall all day- you are killing the battery.  Charge, drain, repeat.