I was so looking forward to this laptop computer after researching it.  It seemed to excel compared with competitors.  However, it didn't live up to expectations:Pros:Looks stylish, very bright/sharp monitor, huge touchpad that with one slide of the fingertip moves the cursor the whole length/width of the screen, sound is excellent with high volume potential, pretty light for its size, runs cool and speed of operation is fast.Cons:The touchpad can also be a negative because there is no defining border to know when you are going to touch it; being so large on the palm-rest area, my palms brushed it often and it interferred with my typing unless I turned it off.The keys, even though they look nice, are flat with little space between them, which I found messed-up my keystrokes (I would tick a bordering key by mistake).  Additionally, certain keys would not register unless I used excessive pressure; again, messing-up my keystroke rhythm.The Asus software had some moderate compatibility problems working with Windows 7.  I did 3 factory restores and still had OS conflicts.  I ran a test on the OS and found Asus made changes to Windows 7 (to accommodate their programs, I guess) and 3 corrupted Asus files were identified, which cannot be replaced manually and Windows 7 could not fix them (you can read about it on the web if you research this problem with this particular model).  The solution recommended from a forum was to install a clean version of Windows 7 (which can be downloaded from a European website) and use the Windows 7 authorization key on the underside of the laptop to activate it.  I didn't try it so I don't know if it would work or how it would affect the integrated Asus programs.Another suggestion was to phone Asus tech support to ask if they had a patch to correct the problem, which seemed easy enough.  I wanted to also contact them about the keystroke pressure/registering inconsistencies.  However, I could not find a USA support number on their website.  As an alternative, I used their website to send a detailed message requesting support (twice, actually).  I never did get a reply.  Therefore, even though the warranty sounds great, if there is no tech support follow-up/follow-though, it is worthless.I concluded there were irresolvable defects, so I returned the laptop to Amazon for a refund.By the way, I ordered through Amazon on a Saturday morning and my computer was delivered on Monday morning....Wow, the free shipping for this product from Arizona to SF Bay Area was fast!