This was on sale for 250 and someone bought it for me......My older laptop still had xp. I'm familiar with XP and Windows 7. My desktop has windows 7 (windows 7 being my favorite). I was so afraid about the fact that this had windows 8 on it and a Celeron processor....I've never had a computer with a Celeron processor, they have always been Pentium.Let me tell you - Being able do download a third party software called "classic shell" for windows 8, you essentially can make your computer have a regular windows 7 or xp desktop...which I did.......After installing classic shell and reading some forums how to change settings to the way you want, (which isn't that difficult at all), this is a total PLEASURE to use. It's fast, it runs extremely cool and is very light weight and the graphics are crystal clear amazing looking (to me).The very first thing I wanted to do was check a 1080p youtube video full screen to see if there was any stuttering in the video. It was a fast moving roller coaster point of view video. Not a single stutter in the video......I haven't noticed any lagging and this does everything I want it to do.I sort of ignored metro since, with classic shell, you can set it to ignore the metro screen and go straight to the desktop (just like windows 7 would), but after using the laptop, getting everything the way I wanted on it, I started looking around in metro and it's pretty cool. It's like you have a regular computer, but then you have a separate section for apps. Just like a smart phone, you can uninstall the ones you don't want (super easy) and go to the app store and install ones you want (some free, some not) and rearrange them in the order you want. I was just playing around..........Now that I have got a feel for windows 8 and the availability of classic shell, I like it a lot and this computer is great. No issues at all. (I'm not a gamer though) but I do some heavy surfing and multi-tasking......so I know LAG when I see it, and I haven't noticed any.Also , someone said Lenovo laptops are terrible with wi-fi, constant disconnects, etc. I haven't noticed this at all!Hope this helps