I had this computer for a little over a month, and I really liked it. It was a perfect size for carrying around, and I loved the touch screen. I bought mine from Staples and purchased a Square Trade warranty with accidental damage protection. (Incidentally, after I had it for a month a family member knocked a glass of water on it, and it was ruined.)PROS:The touchpad was very nice, and the keys were responsive.The laptop was the lightest computer I've ever had, and it was exceptionally portable.It came with a VGA adapter. I purchased an HDMI adapter from a third-party, and that worked great as well.CONS:The processor is not designed for heavy lifting. If you need to run a processor-intensive program (like image editing, software compiling, etc.) then you should look for a machine with an Intel Core i5 or Core i7 processor. If you are running Win 8 apps, or using basic tools like word processing and the like, you probably won't notice a huge difference, but when you start trying to do any heavy lifting at the processor level, you'll feel like you are crawling along.The battery life is right around 3 hours, in my experience. I wished it were a bit longer, but I knew about the lower battery life going into the purchase, so I wasn't disappointed, per se, but the 3 hour span was a bit more inconvenient than I expected.Not waterproof (just kidding). Ok, the true thing to note here is that the battery is totally enclosed in the case. There is no way to remove the battery. When my SIL spilled water on the computer (while it was running), the keyboard immediately stopped working, and my only option was to press-and-hold the power button to shut the device down. I wanted to remove the battery right away and let the device dry, but I didn't have the correct-size of screw driver to get out the screws (and taking off the back cover voids your warranty, at least with some laptop manufacturers). In any case, I think the computer might have been saved from permanent damage if I could have removed the battery, but that was not an option for me. (Luckily I had the Square Trade Warranty, so me and my SIL are still friends. :)When I had to replace this computer, I decided that I wanted a computer with a little more oomph in the processor and a longer battery life, so I didn't re-purchase this little beauty, though I did really like it and would buy it again if I needed something that didn't have to be a workhorse.