I must say that I have been a loyal Toshiba customer for 8 years. I have purchased three computers from them as well as various accessories. I must say that I was thrilled by my previous two laptops, one is too old to mention, and the other I passed down to my mother. No problems, peppy little things and no complaints. That is, until I recently purchased the Satellite C855D-S5351. The internet barely works, and by barely works I mean oftentimes it doesn't want to connect to the network despite full service; this is especially true after waking it from hibernation. I also detest the mouse pad because it is set up to function like a tablet, I suppose. I barely move my finger and it flicks from my desktop to the horrible Windows 8 tile screen (whatever it is called, it is terrible and impractical for a laptop.) And even worse, sometimes I have to hard boot the computer because it simply refuses to shut down. Games lag, and not heavy multi-player games like World of Warcraft either, but girlie games like The Sims.Even worse is the fact that Microsoft decided not to include a word processor. I mean, really? I have to have a word processor, there is no way around it and I did not appreciate being forced to fork over another $100+ for the privilege of writing papers and conducting my business. Terrible move, Microsoft.But the worst part by far is the screen. It has cracked twice, making it virtually unusable. And I do not abuse my laptop, I have never dropped it, nor do I stomp on it or hit it. My 10 lb dog decided to walk across it and it crackled like ice. I have never had this problem in the past, and at one point I was rather rough on my computer, taking it back and forth to college, it would sometimes get squished against books and the like, and I have never, ever had this problem!Forever the optimist, I assume that it is a flaw in this particular design and I will eventually purchase a new one (you know, when I can save up for the overpriced product) and hope that Toshiba wows me, otherwise, I am going to find another brand, another product, something that will hold up to normal use and the plight of tiny animals.