I made the decision to go with a Mac after talking to a lot of folks and wondering if I would really be happy leaving my PC. I got my MacBook last week, and here's what I think so far.For those who are strictly into PC Games and such, you shouldn't get this computer. I have a brother who is a gamer and he's religiously oppsed to Apple (I kid you not). If you want an all around computer that is designed to run smooth and has lots of great features a PC would never think of, then a Mac Book is a great purchase. I just would recommend thinking hard about what you are after and making your decision based on that.For me, I want to learn how to cut and create video, and burn great DVDs. So this is a great fit. And yeah, it's not easy to go from one system to the next, but if you are patient you get it.I do have to say that I love the design a lot. A fantastic touchpad that is more user friendly, and light machine that is easy to transport and carry to work, a quiet processor that runs cool and doesn't make noise or get hot to the touch. I also love that the power cord is magnetized and will pull away from the machine if a careless child races by and catches it. I had my PC knocked to the floor once when my 3 year old tripped on the cord.Overall, a wonderful machine. Still trying to adjust and learn things, but I feel like this was well worth it. Higly recommended.UPDATE**** I have now had my Mac for about 4 months. I cannot live without this machine. I take it to work with me and use it there every day. Seriously? Aside from my two kids and cat, I do not love anything in this world as much as I love this computer. The Operating System is much easier to understand, the touchpad is a wonder and I feel like I have finally slipped into something that makes sense and FITS. When I do have to go back and attempt to work a PC, I can feel the difference. I struggle with it. I will never go back. This computer is worth the investment. I would recommend if you spend the money to consider getting the max memory. I ordered straight from Apple Store for that reason. Overall, best purchase I ever made.