I purchased my MBA 13" last October, and I haven't looked back. I previously owned a 13" white Macbook, and the difference is remarkable. I would say that this is a wonderful computer for students of the humanities, who do a lot of writing, research, and require a computer for entertainment purposes.SPEEDI actually haven't seen any speed difference, but for what I use my computer for (writing and research), I wasn't expecting much. I do get significantly less "spinning beach ball of death" though. It is comparable to my older, C2D iMac for most tasks. Even running on only 2GB of RAM, I don't find any slowdowns or lockups, even when swapping between Word and several large PDFs.STORAGE128GB is not quite enough to hold up to my entire media collection, but I have an iMac for that. I use the cloud options through various other groups (in particular Google Music, Spotify, and Netflix) for my media consumption on the go. For others, this might not be acceptable, but the option exists for more storage; external HDDs are plentiful, as are 16/32GB SD cards.BATTERYI frequently get a full 7 hours out of my battery, screen halfway up, taking notes in class (including recording audio), wifi on. With wifi off that jumps a bit, and even more so if I turn the screen brightness down at night.DURABILITYThis is part of the reason I think this is a wonderful computer for students. When I was moving in January, my computer took a 4' drop from someone's arms onto pavement -- nothing but a VERY small dent, and thanks to the Solid State Drive, nothing else was damaged. I actually have to look specifically to even find the dent that was made, it's so barely noticeable.OSX LIONOther people don't like Mission Control, but I find it easier to use than Spaces, and get a lot more use out of it than I ever did Spaces. I tended not to be willing to screw about with the settings for Spaces, because adding applications to a particular space was a bit too nitpicky for me. It's much easier to do in the new version, and I think students will find it particularly useful. I keep four desktops: internet, music, writing, and schoolwork.Features such as natural scrolling and the trackpad gestures I turned off, because I find them less than useful. I don't see a point in moaning about them -- as long as the option to remove them remains intact, I don't mind.