Wow! Really light computer. Overall, great computer and fantastic deal on Amazon. Came with battery already half charged. Has cleaning cloth, notepad, and contact numbers if any problems right when you open the box. Initially thought screen was a little small, but I wanted a full size keyboard because I use 10-key sometimes, so it was perfect.It took 4 minutes to boot, took another 4 to go through HP software.  HP tries to get you to allow them to track your use of the computer, which, fortunately, you can skip.  Did not recognize my network right away and had to go through setup with more lousy, HP(network) software that did not work. I searched My Computer and Network to figure out where the network was and it took 2 seconds doing it my own way - took me 20 minutes to figure this all out.  Comes with Ebay on Desktop, Norton Trial, and Office trial, and more dumb HP software (which I promptly closed out).Keyboard is a little slick to touch, but recognizes fine touch, it has a separate section to slide your finger down to make the page scroll up or down. Screen is bright, but sound is just ok (Altec speaker) and a little schrill (get better sound from my Altec surround sound desktop speakers. Keyboard/windows response is fast and crisp. Computer was really quiet and the fan did not start right away like my old computer. Actually, the computer did not get very hot at all after using until battery died.Recognized CD right away, but was slow opening images. Took 7 minutes to copy 556 MB to harddrive from disc. After using a few days, I found the battery lasts about 3 hours. The 10-key is really convenient if you crunch numbers. The one bad thing is the wi-fi doesn't recognize my network automatically, I have to manually set it up every time - this may be due to my other wi-fi on my desktop or other interference or the router I have (which is a few years old). I would recommend anyone to get the new chipsets that have a wireless N router built into the wi-fi chipset. I also got a USB hub to add more devices (comes with 3 USB ports); also does not take a CF card, only SD, MMC, XD and SMpro.I haven't bought a new computer in several years, so I really shopped around and this is a really good computer so far and at a great price.