I debated between a Chromebook and a tablet computer, and ultimately  went with the Chromebook because of the incredible price point and keyboard. I have not been disappointed.About me:I really wanted something that I could use to casually browse the internet and do some light word processing. I'm pretty integrated with the Google ecosystem (gmail, google docs, android phone) and rely on Amazon's Cloud Player for all of my music needs. That said, pretty much everything I do on my computer is web-based.Things I like:-The computer itself is really light and sturdy, and also pretty stylish (a few of my friends thought that it was a small Macbook Air when they first saw it).  It doesn't feel cheap, but it also isn't something that would make me hesitant to throw it on the couch or in my book bag. I'm going to be backpacking within a month and can't wait to bring this along. I don't even think that I'll bring a case.-Battery life is great. I haven't pushed the battery to its limit, but I'll frequently do some work on my computer at Starbucks for a few hours at a time and have never run out of juice or had any need to bring the charger.-Price point. At $250, you can't be the price on this thing.-Noise.  This computer makes no noise whatsoever. It also doesn't heat up, like my previous laptops have.-Slots. There are lots of different cable slots and memory card slots.Ares for improvement:-Sound quality. The speakers on this computer are pretty weak and my music doesn't sound very good unless I plug in some nice headphones.-Performance. There is generally some lag when web pages load, but it's not a big issue for me.My advice to anyone considering a Chromebook is to consider your actual needs. I read a bunch of complaints in the reviews  about how your chromebook becomes pretty much useless if there isn't an internet connection. In my own experience, every computer is pretty useless without the internet nowadays, so it wasn't a determining factor for me. Google Docs and saved files are still accessible whether or not there is an internet connection.Also, contrary to some other reviews, Netflix most definitely works on this computer.