I've owned this laptop for about 2 years and I would have to say that overall it suited our needs, but its also lacking a lot in physical integrity.The Good:I owned the T9400 Version of this laptop so it was very fast and performed great when watching Movies and playing games. It's also fast enough to run Adobe After Effects, which is a very high demand video editor. I've only had to completely restore the computer once, mostly for maintenance reasons. Otherwise just having a decent anti-virus program and keeping away from junk sites or downloads has kept it running just fine. I loved the huge screen! Also it has an excellent selection of external ports, just about everything you'll ever need. Plenty of USB Ports, VGA port, and my favorite was the Flash Card Port. Also the HDMI Port was great for quickly hooking it to a LCD or Plasma TV for great picture and sound. Lastly it has the upgraded version of Windows movie maker which is just about the best "User friendly" Movie editor other than "I Move" on Mac.The Bad:All that said I would have to say that my biggest complaints are about the housing and mechanics of the laptop. For one, anywhere some oils from our hands got on it, like the mouse pad or sides of the monitor, little marks started to appear and spread. Its as if the oil is corrosive and eats away at the finish. This has greatly reduced the resell value and overall appearance of the laptop. Also the Monitor Hinges are very poorly designed. Not long after purchasing it started to come loose and now we have to manually push it back into place on the left side. Other parts of the laptop are starting to snap out of place constantly. Also this is a very heavy laptop, perhaps its just the model I have. And like mentioned before the speakers a crap, but this is my first laptop so maybe its normal. The Media controls are nice but are very hard to see until after you touch them. Couple that with an UN-lit Keyboard and this laptop is terrible in the dark. Like I said most of my complaints are regarding the physical integrity, but we were pretty hard on it since we travel a lot.Summary: All in all I would say Dell did a good job on the software, but not so much the housing of the laptop. This would probably be a great item for a person that is not very mobile, but doesn't want a full Desktop PC. Less movement would solve the housing problems, and external speakers would solve the sound problem. So, Keep it in one place, and you're good to go!