I have always been a PC user. My HP laptop start to have severe overheating problem( so hot it hurts if I put my finger over the fan area for more than 5 sec).I do have also have a Dell laptop issued by work, however, it is too heavy for me to carry around school all day.  I decided to give it up and hunt for a new one.  I not a crazy apple fan, I am only a fan of quality. After getting a iPhone 4s this year, I was truly impressed by its stylish design, features and over quality. That made me put apple brand into consideration.... ok, enough of the story and let's get into the real part.I was debating over Macbook air or Macbook pro. After lifting both of them up several time, Mac Air wins without a doubt. If you are student or a traveler, I highly recommend the air. I was a little disappointed after realize there is no HDMI or a ethernet port on the Air ( I heard you can by a Ethernet adopter around $30). I was even more scared when suddenly switch from PC environment to Mac environment. Just like other people said, it feels like mac has everything backward from pc, and the thought of return it came across my mind a few times on the first day. HOWEVER, after couple days, I start to LOVE it. I  thought about returning it because I am afraid the change and too lazy to make the effort to learn something new before I really use it. It turns out that I do not need much effort to learn at all, I just need to start to use it.  The back lit keyboard is cute, the trackpad is amazing ( make sure you take a glance at the little booklet in the package, it tells you different ways to play with your trackpad, trust me, it will not take you more than 10 sec to understand and remember the gestures). If you are one of the PC -->Mac user, my suggestion would be use both in parallel for awhile until you naturally attracted to mac completely!  I have been owning my mac air for a week now, and I loved it more each day and got very use to it. It is so cute, fast and stylish that just makes me happy!I do not get hot headed nor satisfied easily, but this  little thin mac air just simply makes me happy!