I've been debating between Lenovo and Acer, and this laptop was going for a lower price during the Cyber Monday. All my friends were against this company because for some reason their Acer laptops did not work properly. It was also the first computer with AMD processor I was getting. What I'm going to say? I love it so far. I added extra 4 gigs of RAM because I work with music on this little guy.It is stylish (but attracts dust and fingerprints), not so heavy (for 15-inch), and big enough. The touch pad is comfortable (after using Dell and Sony laptops); it is like Lenovo's.I'm giving four stars because of the graphic card. I work with Photoshop CS6, and the picture goes black when you select it sometimes. It is a pretty common problem for Radeon cards, as I found out, but it can be fixed, if you switch to lighter settings. Saying more, these lighter settings work for me much better than the fancy ones (I could not get used to them).Windows 8 is fun to play with. Not a bad system, but I mostly spend my time on desktop without using apps.So, if you are still thinking about purchasing, I would say do so. AMD is not a bad processor; it is four-core and works pretty fast; however, I would recommend paying $50-60 more and getting some extra RAM for this guy because it can make your life even better!_____Update 1/16/2013So, one week before the warranty supposed to be expired, a charging part got broken. I immediately contacted Acer, and they said they will fix this issue. I mailed the laptop while I was out of the country, and expected it to be fixed by the time I will come back. Nothing was fixed whatsoever! The issue stayed, and now the laptop does not even charge! So, I waisted money for shipping for nothing!AVOID THIS BRAND AS HELL!!! NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM ACER!!! Because if you will do, expect little to none customer service regarding your warranty. They don't do their job at all, and you will waste your nerves trying to fix it. I'LL NEVER DEAL WITH THIS BRAND AGAIN!