I've owned my MBP 15" for almost a year now, and I think it's the most expensive and best technology investment I've ever made. As a college student, the sticker shock blew me away, but I decided to buy it anyways. Now I am a very satisfied owner, I've used my laptop about six hours a day average probably, all my classes are online and I love computer games. Since my purchase, I've upgraded my MacBook by replacing the factory default 4GB of memory with 8GB, and I've replaced the Superdrive with an SSD (Note: like many other 8,2 models, there's a problem where the computer's dvd bay doesn't actually work with the 6GB/S SATA standard, thus the bay actually holds the old hard drive, and the SSD is in the hard drive bay) and everything (Including TRIM support) has worked flawlessly. I was honestly amazed at how simple it is to upgrade this laptop. It's very ergonomic, the screen is beautiful, it's very comfortable to type on. I love the adjustable screen brightness, as well as adjustable keyboard backlighting, and the switchable dual graphics cards. It's not hard to squeeze hours of battery life out of this computer (especially when you download GFX status, a tiny program that lets you choose which graphics card to use instead of letting mac OSX pick for you). The graphics card is decently powerful, I'm pretty into video gaming and this thing definitely plays most games at medium settings, but keep in mind it's not a gaming laptop, and especially not a gaming desktop. Installing Windows 7 is a breeze (though you lose some of the features, like switchable graphics cards). I think it's very portable (I carry it on me constantly, even if I don't think I'll need it that day). I only really have two complaints:1) with an EFI/UEFI boot system, apple seems to have done everything they possibly can to make it tough as nails to install a new operating system (I'm talking about Linux of course), though this is the case with every Mac and isn't specific to this laptop2) I use WINE a lot to play PC games on my macbook, but the fact that it has an AMD graphics card and not an NVIDIA makes it a lot harder, since NVIDIA has much better drivers (for the other 95% of you this won't make a difference, the graphics card is great, it's just not NVIDIA). This is also annoying when using UNIX because the AMD drivers tend to be pretty crappy compared to the NVIDIA ones.Now for the surprising part: If I went back and made the decision again, I wouldn't buy this laptop. I think the 15" screen is great, but I would definitely have like having the 17" model more I think. Of course, since they're almost identical I guess it's not that surprising