I have always been a Windows user but decided to purchase a Macbook due to several friends telling me how great and reliable Macs are.  My machine was loaded with the Lion OS, and while I didn't find the interface to be as wonderful as I was told, I was fairly satisfied with my experience until last week.  My hard drive died.  I backed up my data regularly, so this was only a disappointment in having to spend the additional money on a new one within a year of purchasing the laptop.  However, retrieving the OS through Internet Recovery has been a nightmare.  I can't simply download the software from a PC and then load it to my Mac. That's not an option at all.  It must be downloaded from the non-functioning Mac through Apple's servers that error out every time I try to download it through Internet Recovery. I connected the machine via ethernet cable to my modem and temporarily turned off network security in order to download the OS.  To absolutely no avail, it never would download! Because this wasn't under warranty, I would be charged $100 for an authorized repair provider to load it to my machine.  Absolutely ridiculous! Apple advertises there is no need to purchase a copy of the OS (and no longer offers another way to purchase a copy of it), since it can be retrieved through Internet Recovery. That method should work!  I've checked and double-checked, and there is no reason on my end for these Internet recovery errors to continuously occur. Since Apple no longer sells the thumb drive with Lion loaded, I had to go through a third party to purchase it (still less than taking it to a repair shop).  Should I have created my own recovery thumb drive prior to this occurring?  Clearly, I'd say yes now, and have always created bootable cd's for my PC's in the past.  However, Apple advertises a service that supposedly allows the user to always have access to the OS in emergencies such as these, but it fails to deliver as advertised.  This is a big issue, in my opinion, and has definitely turned me off of their overpriced products.