I have owned somewhere between 13 and 17 notebooks, a couple I returned right away so they don't really count.  I received my College degree using a Mac.  The desktops they had at Sonoma State were great fast macs, and were easy to use.  This mac is the 4th laptop in my home.  I bought it because I was starting another college degree and wanted a Mac.  Man, I wished I didn't shell out all this money on this slow hard to use piece of junk.  Of all my laptops and netbook, this was the most expensive and the slowest on my cable connection.  All my other three PC's you never see a load bar taking it's time, this one never has a fast page loaded.  If all of my other 3 laptops never have any issue, why would this Mac?  I have an answer for ya, because it is slow!Pro'sGreat battery lifeHard CaseStays coolIt's a Mac, I hope what it lacks in speed makes up in longevity, so far I owned 6 mos with no issues, other then slowness.nice keys light upCon'sWay less powerful then other Mac Book proSlowExpensive for what you getCharging is on wrong side for laptop useCharging male/female connection is weak!!Arrows are small and awkward for game useEven mouse arrow is slow compared to windows!Most of my Laptops have been in the 600 dollar range and they all blow this one away!  Either get a Mac Book pro, or a windows pc.  You get more for your money!!  They made these thin at a huge cost of quality.  I use a gateway netbook lt2811 that I bought for 150 bucks that is way faster then the Mac Book Air.  Mac has fallen down.  My HP was better in everything except weight and shell, and cost less then half of this.  I have already owned the HP for 8 years and never broke down.  Another great thing about the HP is the available PC wipedrive and restores that makes the computer have all new stuff anytime I want.  If you prefer Mac, just pay a little more and get Mac Book Pro, it is at a minimum 40% faster.  This computer loads like it was made in the 90's.Update, now the arrow keys intermediately work or fail for whatever reason.  I started using this everyday after this review, and the game sight I play video games on showed me that my arrow keys don't work.. Again, all my other computers never had this issue.  I got a rotten apple, and now I will be taking it to best buy to see what is going on.  Worst computer purchase ever, I should saved money and got a PC for 1/2 the price and works two times better out of the box.