I've owned a bunch of Macs over the last four years, switching over after 20 or so years of PCs. Initially, I loved my 13" Macbook Pro and vowed never to go back to PCs. With my new 15" Macbook Pro, I still won't go back to PCs and in general I really like my Mac, but I no longer love it. I have the new 2012 edition with 750 MB hard drive and 8 GB of RAM. It's quite fast but doesn't seem any where near as fast as it should be based on its rated speed. RAM should not be an issue with 8 GB but it regularly runs out and I have to use 3rd party software to free up RAM, whether I'm editing photos in iPhoto or Aperture or running Final Cut Pro X. It seems that Apple should by now have figured out how to cycle RAM in a way that constantly frees up older allocations and keeps space open for applications being used currently. Seriously.Most egregiously, I'm really pissed off with how computer makers consistently lie about battery life. The 2012 MacBook, as with the few generations before it, advertises a 7 or so hour life under normal use. I find this unconscionably off the mark. My Macs have NEVER lasted more than three hours on one charge under even light usage (Word, web, etc.), and generally last about 2 hours new. This is so far from seven hours I don't know how it's legal to advertise seven hours.Conclusion: I like my Mac (and I really like my Mac desktop), but I expect a lot more from Apple nowadays. Three stars out of five. And I'd appreciate any tips (beyond the obvious) for increasing battery life or managing RAM.Update 10/6: I forgot to add that it gets REALLY hot, to the point where I can't hold it on my lap. This is far hotter than any previous MacBook or Air that I have had has gotten. Even the palmrest gets really hot. This is a major defect that I can't believe Apple allowed.Update 10/20: I've changed this review to two stars because this new allegedly lightning fast MacBook is simply not fast. In fact, it's pretty damn slow and gets hung a lot. It's also started crashing entirely, which has never happened in any of my prior Macs. Crashed twice today in editing with FCP X and I had to force re-boot with the power key. Really disappointed in this purchase.