I have had one of these for about 5 months, and other than a few problems, I love it.The screen's backlight adjustment could be a little better; below maximum, you have to deal with reflections and glare; at maximum, it'll hurt your eyes unless you lean back. Still, it's better than no adjustment at all; my old laptop started giving me Dell's patented "certain number and fuction keys suddenly stop working" syndrome.The heat from the hard drive worries me a little: it'll get warm to the touch after about an hour or so, to the point where you can feel it through the top of the machine. Of course, it's possible that it is because I've got it on a stand with a Targus Chill Mat beneath it.The keyboard is a nice size, with good spacing and placement and plenty of space below where you can rest your wrists when you're not typing.. You'd be surprised how much you miss an external keyboard when you travel with it, though.The built-in "mouse" sucks. I mean, really sucks. I simply turn it off and use an external mouse because it's like trying to use an iPad stylus on a self-checkout screen; totally useless unless you really press down. The cursor bounces all over the place and there's no scrolling capability without wearing out your fingers.The optical drive is fast enough to play DVDs without having to wait for it to stop play and scan ahead. It is pretty loud, though, since it reads discs at a fairly high rate.The system itself is pretty good. It loads Windows 7 fast, and only hangs if I really stess it. Mine came with the standard 4GB of RAM, but I can upgrade to 8GB if I want to. The memory's easy to get to, as well; simply unscrew the little panel on the bottom of the laptop and take it off, and you have a clear view of the memory sticks. The integrated graphics card kind of sucks, since it uses system memory, but it's pretty good at 3D rendering, so I can put up with it.The built-in card reader is a great touch, something I didn't expect. It gives you read problems every once in a while, but nothing serious; sometimes, you have to remove and reinsert a card to get it to detect in, but it's never failed completely.All in all, it's a good machine for someone who isn't looking for hard-core gaming laptop, but who wants something nicer to look at and use than some Elitebook corporate machine.