I bought this puppy on a whim because an attempt to share the G5 laptop with my wife was causing some schoolyard friction.  Keep in mind that as a retired geezer my primary use for a laptop is almost entirely limited to the net, mail, photos and a occasional movie.  I edit my superb videos on a desktop.Pleasant surprises -- 1)  One second after raising the screen it's ready to go.  2)  At my level of usage the bottom gets just ever-so-slightly warm.  Hence, I'm able to assume my comfy slouch position on the sofa, put this bad boy on top of a pillow on my lap without the fear of cooking it's innards.  No more hot thighs and cooling fan noise. For me, that alone is worth the price.  But again, I never press this thing anywhere near to it's designed potential.  3) The super-slippery finger pad is neat.  4)  Even with my sub-par hearing the speakers are more than I can use - amazing with such a thin profile.Unpleasant surprises --- 1)  The place at the front edge where one rests the heel of one's hand is like a dull knife pressing on you.  After 15 minutes or so you're obliged to place a rag there to stop the pain.  I fixed that problem by cutting two strips of foam that came in the box, gluing them together and then gluing that to the knife edge .... problem solved.  2)  The finger pad is waaaaay too sensitive.  Forget about lightly resting your finger on that pad!  If you do, you will activate something.  If you have the cursor stopped on whatever for a few seconds -even without tapping- it triggers whatever it's resting on. What a huge nuisance!  I would most definitely prefer a thumb clicker rather than tapping the slippery finger pad.  It drives me nuts.  3)  I don't like the tweaking they've done to Mail and iPhoto.  Can't they ever learn to just leave alone something that works well as is?  4) Apple wants $100 to transfer data ..... get the separate drive.  Finally, if you're considering this computer for movie editing you better have a camera that uses a SD card.  There is NO POSSIBLE WAY to transfer raw mini-tape video into the Air's iMovie 'll via a firewire cable.  For me the smaller screen is not worth considering. Yes, it's overpriced.  It's very light.  It's super fast.  It runs with no heat.  Just de-sensitize that finger pad!