This laptop is a big hunk of garbage!I am a 21 year old college student home for the summer. My laptop broke, so I began using my mom's Compaq US62-whatever until I could afford a new one. Since then, this laptop has brought me endless frustration and anger, and honestly has lowered my quality of life a bit. It is EXTREMELY slow, and when I say "extremely" I mean that if you simply "right click" on a blank space on the desktop, the right click menu HAS TO LOAD. Seriously??? It took me about 15 minutes just to get to this webpage so I can release some of my anger with this silly review. I have a netflix account which is being wasted, because streaming video is impossible. There is nothing wrong with our wireless internet, either; all of our other computers and wireless devices work just fine. I've tried troubleshooting our wireless and everything else. When I brought it to my mother's attention that her laptop is ridiculously slow, she simply stated "it's not good at multi-tasking." HAVING MORE THAN ONE TAB OPEN ON MOZILLA FIREFOX IS NOT MULTI-TASKING!!! She uses the computer maybe 2 hours a week, to go couponing and to check her email. Even with those two activities, she recognizes the computer as slow. So, if you're thinking of gaming, watching video, or doing anything besides staring at the desktop waiting for a program to load - this is not the computer for you.Besides it's pitiful slowness, it is also really big and clunky for no reason. The trackpad is awkward, gets greasy very easily, and hurts your wrists. The keys are black, so its impossible to see in the dark. The only plus I can think of is that the screen is kind of big, but the quality isn't superb and what's the point of a big screen if THE MACHINE DOESN'T WORK AS INTENDED. When people wonder why Mac is overtaking Windows/PC, this is exactly why. Windows licenses it's operating system to lackluster, low budget companies who put the same amount of thought into their computers as a fat dude on a frito-lays assembly line. These people just want to make a quick $400 off of you.Honestly, don't waste your money.. You may be allured by the cheap cost, but the machine is quite frankly a poor excuse for a laptop. Only buy this machine if you are a masochist and are determined to punish yourself for past misdeeds.