If you're looking for a inexpensive laptop of this size then this is a perfect choice.Initial Impressions:-----------------------------I've only had the laptop for a few days, but am quite happy with it.  The number pad is great, island keys look nice and feel good.  The track pad has a ton of settings and options so with a little fiddling you should be able to find the settings that work for you.  The display is definitely widescreen but looks great.  There wasn't too much bloatware installed - mainly just a bunch of HP programs, but they were easily disabled/removed.  Comes with McAffe 60 day trial which I uninstalled.  Also comes with Office 2010 starter which provides Word & Excel limited versions.  I love that this has a 7200 RPM harddrive as most laptops skimp with slower 5400 RPM options.  Webcam works great and has a built-in light/flash.  HP & Windows 7 even have face recognition for logging in, although that doesn't always work.  The top has a matte finish with what I can best describe as a fine wood grain look that's somewhat grey/brown.Update: one of the main reasons I bought this laptop was for the HDMI output so I could connect to my receiver and HD TV then play videos, Hulu, etc. from the laptop to the TV.  After a little tweaking of the audio playback device both audio and video worked great over HDMI!  I should note that the audio signal is not surround, but 'just' digital stereo.Regarding Memory:-----------------------------I ordered another 2GB of RAM and after removing 7 screws I got to the memory location under the keyboard and the additional memory looked to be exactly the same as what I ordered.  You can google to find the instructions for removing the keyboard on HP's website.  However, I don't know that 4GB is absolutely necessary for this laptop.  It depends on how many programs you'll have open at a time and how you plan to use it.  Many people probably don't know that 4GB is the maximum amount that a 32 bit Operating System can reference.Overall:-----------------------------Circuit City (owned by the same company as Tiger Direct) via Amazon had the best price for this laptop (400), even better than Newegg (420).  I was surprised that shipping took only 3 days!