[Still my most used computer and, unless you want to supplement an iPad with the optional keyboard, the best bet in terms of either a laptop or netbook--providing you have a desktop machine for the heavy-duty media work (movies, photos, tune collection).  The one thing I've missed are those stretchable, lightweight skin cases that could be fitted on to the bottom of the machine (like the ones available for the Touch).  As light as the Air is, its heat and sharp edges make an impression after extended use in one's lap.]I dropped my Air and paid the price--a steep one.  The Air has a flawed hinge design that can disintegrate, requiring replacement of the cover.  Apple is covering many of these cases, but not when the user drops the machine.  It's thin, sharp, and slippery--so such a prospect is far from unlikely.  The first two Apple repair places I went to said it was a lost cause, and charged me handsomely for the dire news. But I persisted, finally getting Apple Store itself to give me the address of a cooperative repair place.They fixed it--and for less than half of what I paid for a new model 13 months ago.  I never realized how much I missed it.  I've had a Mac Powerbook, iBook, Macbook, and tried some of the inexpensive non-Mac netbooks.  But nothing compares with a Mac Air (though, to be fair, I have yet to spend extended, intensive quality time with a Kindle).  I'm going to glue this thing to my fingers, put a parachute on it along with 2"-thick shock absorbent material.  But if I drop it again, I'll have it repaired it again.The only computer that compares with this is a desktop model in top operating condition.  The Mac Air is not only a supreme pleasure to use but it actually motivates you to write.  Don't judge it based on its specs, lack of a hard drive, and reports by many Apple nay-sayers who have never owned the machine or used it for any length of time.  If you use a computer for writing, this is the only one worth having.  I can't understand why transforming it into an electronic slate for drawing pictures or writing by hand would be an improvement.  May Apple realize sufficient success with this machine to keep it in circulation, knowing when not to mess with a good thing.