My husband and I have been devoted Mac users for years and have owned at least 8 Apple computers and several Apple peripherals. Quite frankly I didn't think we would be writing any adverse review for any Apple product. But here I am doing just that and simply stated I would recommend that any of you considering this MacBook and who also rely heavily on wireless connectivity for your laptop to delay your purchase indefinitely until Apple has resolved an inherent wireless connectivity problem with OS 10.5.5.I use this MacBook as my kitchen work station and rely completely on our wireless LAN (Apple Airport) as I have no ethernet port in the kitchen area of our house.  I am now experiencing numerous drop outs of both my internet connection and my LAN and this started after upgrading to Apple's OS 10.5.5 which appears to be the version that now comes installed on this laptop.In reviewing numerous posts on Apple's "support" web-site it is clear that a significant population of other users of this same MacBook have the identical wireless connectivity problem with OS 10.5.5 and have been asking, pleading for help from Apple, e.g., that Apple fix their faulty software as in put it back through a full SQT. What we seem to have received is a Beta version they foisted on their customer base for debugging. I have yet to find anything on Apple's web-site offered by Apple that remotely addresses this problem.Although otherwise this MacBook is an excellent performer, in this day and age there is an absolute need for reliable laptop wireless connectivity. Therefore we are very disappointed in this product's wireless performance as well as Apple's apparent lack of concern for their loyal customer base. After all, what good is a laptop with random wireless connectivity?  One day of this failure mode is one day too many and It is doubtful we will purchase another Apple computer until our confidence in their quality and customer responsiveness is restored. At the very least Apple should issue a statement admitting to the problem, indicating they are attempting to resolve the problem and specify a planned date for its resolution.In the meantime buyer BEWARE of the Apple MacBook MB404LL/A 13.3-inch Laptop (2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo Processor, 2 GB RAM, 250 GB Hard Drive) Black which is an expensive laptop that offers worthless wireless performance!!