I've had mine for about 2 weeks now and can heartily endorse the Samsung Chromebook (SC). I make my living off the Internet and was working within 5 minutes of taking my SC out of the box. I can't add anything more than all the previous posters have so I'll leave a few tips & tricks:ALT + backspace is the delete keyIf Hulu is jerky set Hulu to HIGH, not HD or AUTO. Netflix is on the way. YouTube works fine.The screen is fine - gets better with use. If you stand to either side of the SC or hang from your chandelier you can't see the image but I don't stand to the side and I hate chandeliers so I sit in front of all my devices and in that position the screen on the SC is fine. It would be nice if Sammy or Google would add a contrast slider as that would bring out the image.I never liked standalone progs so have been in the cloud before it was named the cloud. I put everything up on Google Drive and it all seems to work fine - films stream okay on the SC, music sounds good, images look cool, docs appear as they should. Put Google Drive on all your devices and you'll have global access to all your stuff. I haven't used SD cards, thumb drives, etc on the SC as I'll either temporarily copy something over (like a film I want to watch on a trip somewhere) or leave it on the Drive.Sound is good - I think the SC has a spatializer because it gives a surround sound effect out of 2 small speakers. Sound is really good with headphones or through a speaker systemA light touch on the touch pad works for me - real gentle. Once you get used to using 2 fingers for certain options you'll be zipping around.Connection to WiFi was instant for me - I know some have had problems. I set up my printer connected to my Windows desktop on Google Cloud Print a few months ago during an idle moment so was pleasantly surprised when I was able to print immediately from my SC.It's cute but it's plastic so keep that in mind if you're going out & about and don't leave it anywhere it can be sat on. My Sammy netbook could probably take being sat on, my Sammy Chromebook - well, I think not, so be warned.That's all I can think of. The SC is a fabulous new way of computing for those of us that live online and don't need exe progs. I can't recommend it highly enough. Enjoy yours.Merry Xmas & a Happy 2013.