To begin, this laptop is not a normal laptop. There are no native apps which means no Microsoft Word, Office, Excel, no Adobe Photoshop, no software you download to the laptop itself. This laptop runs Chrome OS which means it essentially only runs the Chrome browser, so being connected to the internet is crucial to get the full functionality of this laptop. With that said, there is some use offline as well.I love this laptop. It does everything I need it to when I being it to class with me. I use Google Drive to store all of the information from my classes. Since it doesn't run Microsoft, I export everything to the Google equivalent and it works fantastically. Other than PowerPoints not opening in Google Slides if they are over a certain size (which I remedy by using my library's computers to cut the presentation into two, then upload it to Drive). I collaborate with my lab groups using Google Docs, and all of the websites I need for homework (blackboard, mastering physics, reddit) run smoothly.The battery life (I usually get around 6 or 7 hours depending on how bring I keep the screen) combined with the small charger are great when I am on campus the whole day. I don't have to lug around my primary laptop (which is over 7 pounds) just to take notes, do problems, or write papers. It connects to the wireless at my school flawlessly (which can be a pain in especially crowded areas), due to the a/b/g/n connectivity capabilities. Also, my phone has free mobile hotspots, so I am able to connect to the internet a good amount of time.It is a light, portable, affordable laptop that packs a punch as long as you know what you're buying, a laptop that only runs a browser, and how to fully utilize the Google experience.Update: Google slides seem to be as to open larger documents now. Overall, I still use this laptop just about everyday. The only downsides are that I cannot find a good PDF editor to notate my textbooks with and one of my classes requires the use of flylab, which is java based and I cannot get to run on the Chromebook. My 5 star rating still stands as long as you know what you are buying when you buy this product.