So, I love my MacBook Pro.  I didn't buy mine off of Amazon, but got it custom from Mac--so it's a slightly different setup.  I went with the high speed hard drive, which is only 500 GB.  I had a Mac Powerbook way back in the early 90s that zoomed at 33 Mhz.  LOL  Things have improved.  Lots to like... nothing too surprising...some of the good things:1) Fast.2) Very intuitive platform like all macs.3) Looks great.4) Safer in terms of virus, etc.5) Offer 14 day return if bought in store (Apple Store) without a restocking fee, which is nice. (Ended up ordering two to compare screens, and returning one.)6) High Res--whites much brighter, grays better, colors better--which is to be expected.7)Trackback functionality is great.  Can zoom up and down and scroll very easily, flip pages, etc.8) Cheap to upgrade OS.  $35 or so vs. $200 for any Windows machine.Now some of the bad (minor criticisms, I realize):1)Don't offer OS back-up CDs anymore.  Very difficult as customer to create it on your own.2)DVD Drive doesn't have Blueray, and it's crap--HP.  Makes a ton of noise.  Can easily scratch DVDs if move computer while running.  (Had two different MacBook Pros--same issue with both.)3)Wonder about the safety of the Apple on the back of the screen.  If you touch it, you can actually see your finger on the screen.  Wonder if you'd be totally screwed if computer hit in some way.4) Pain that they don't have High Res w/ glossy in stores--so difficult to compare.  Had to order both to see which I liked--and then return another one.5) Battery on high res w/ high speed hard drive 7200 RPMs not great. Only have about 4 hours battery life.6) Choose not running in native resolution on High Res, end up in much lower than even the standard res.Just so you know, you can upgrade and do things yourself.  Don't believe that you can't open it yourself.  They show you how in the directions.  Memory, etc. totally overpriced through the Apple Store, but can do it yourself for 1/4 the price.  I also truly believe that one could probably put the MacOS on a Toshiba for like $600.00. ;)