First off, let me tell you what I mostly use this laptop for:  gaming.  I'm not the type though, that needs to play everything at the highest settings.  This differences seem minor to me--definitely not worth the $1000 difference for a more high-end laptop, i.e. Alienware.  I did some comparing before I got this Asus laptop and this was by far the best deal (to me).  I looked into Sony, Apple, and Alienware.  To get one of these competitors' laptops I would've had to dish out at least a couple hundred dollars more (for the sony) or over a thousand more (alienware and apple).  If you check out the specs, the differences aren't that great.  This is especially true if you want something that's PORTABLE.  I mean, you could get a 17" laptop that'll blow this Asus laptop out of the water but I didn't want to lug around a huge computer.  Anyway, on this laptop I'm currently playing Fallout 3, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Star Wars (KOTOR), and Deus Ex and I'm loving it!  All are running GREAT on medium settings.  Deus Ex is older, so that one I have on max settings.  According to other reviews, the laptop CAN play them on high settings but I don't want slow-downs or crashes.  Speaking of which, it does have hiccups at times when gaming but they are VERY few and far between.  If you save often, you shouldn't have a problem.  Also, from what I've read, hiccups are common on PC games no matter what.  As for other things (surfing the web, streaming video, docs, etc), the laptop is flawless:  runs fast, really fast.  No crashes, no getting stuck, no hiccups.  Only downsides I have seen to this machine are:  the keyboard and the battery life.  I don't care about the battery at all.  I always use it plugged in.  The keyboard is not so great.  Some of the keys (on the left side) feel mushy, or springy (I don't know how to describe it).  Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.  It's a great machine.  With the speed of technology though, it'll probably be "old" within a year.  This Asus laptop looks great too!  A great price for a great machine!