Oh, Thinkpad, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways!I have never had a refurbished machine, so I was wary about glitches and bugs--but when my computer arrived, all my fears were laid to rest. This machine is huge, heavy, and STURDY AS BALLS. This is NOT a hoity-hoity little Macbook air that you're going to be afraid of breaking if you look crossways at it. This, my friends, is a F$#@ing Thinkpad. This guy eats 5 dozen eggs for breakfast. He can lift up a bench with three buxom lasses on it. He uses antlers in all of his decorating. Get the picture? Good.He is HEAVY and HUGE and I have named mine Moose.Now, granted, this is not a guy you can watch movies on, or play games on. This is definitely a computer for writing and surfing the web and basics like that. He CAN stream pandora or another music service, but tends to skip sometimes if you're doing anything else. He has a bit of trouble with flash-heavy webpages, but a good flashblocker add-on can help him with that. Budget your programs with him, don't ask him to do too much. I usually limit myself to a chat program (and I use Trillian 3.1 and AIM 5.9), Word, and Chrome. Definitely use the most streamlined versions of things on this guy, and he'll do you fine.Of course, there is the little matter of you being able to add space, speed, and so on with him. Thinkpads are probably the best kind of machine for upgrading. He's got space for more inside his casing, which is more than you can say for newer machines, that are just meant to be thrown out after a year.Another bonus is the full-size keyboard, the two types of mouse (a touchpad and the pointing stick, the latter of which has a middle button which I'm sure does SOMETHING but I don't know what), the very sturdy mouse-buttons (they're loud but push down satisfyingly), the status lights at the bottom of the monitor, and the little white LED on the top of the monitor, that illuminates the keyboard in the dark. There are also page forward and page back buttons on either side of the up key.I would say that if you're a writer in need of a laptop that'll survive the long haul, or if you're someone who appreciates a machine that will last you years instead of months, get this. Ffs there's a review in here from someone who's had their machine for five years!This guy won't steer you wrong, people.