I start only with what I know so far (received 08/21/2013):Delivery and Packaging:  Excellent, it came packaged in four boxes, with tChree of them having padding.  Pretty amazing job by Amazon and CyberpowerPCUpgrading:  Good, upgraded by adding an SSD.  Doing this was a bit tricky because the back panel is plastic, and snaps into place.  So you have to be gentle and firm at the same time to remove it.  The upside is once you are in you get two drive bays.  I did get a BSOD a couple of times, but I believe that was more of a drive issue that an issue with this laptop.  I also plan on upgrading the RAM when I find a good deal.  I'll update this when that occurs.Overall Performance:  Just good, with the components installed.  This thing has a huge bottleneck when booting up with that 5400rpm boot hard drive.  Adding the SSD the boot up goes from close to minute, to about 20 seconds.  So just plan on upgrading this, and this thing is blazing fast.  However, without the upgrade you really aren't getting the performance you paid for.  If you need more storage at least go with a 7200rpm HD.Gaming Performance:  Excellent, here is where you get a great value from this notebook.  You get the most powerful single video card on the market.  It blows my desktop with a 560Ti out of the water.  Now realize with the bleeding edge you might run into a few issues.  For example I couldn't get the latest drivers to install.  However, this isn't a reflection on this notebook.  It is just part of the deal with a high end video card.  Just pop in Skyrim, and realize any issues are totally worth it.Build Quality:  Seems good so far, but time will tell (and I will update accordingly).Support:  Good, the disks packed included a disk with drivers and a Windows 7 disk.  This is more than you get from most companies at this point.  The driver disk came in handy when installing a fresh install of Win 7 on the SSD.  The nice thing is this computer DOES NOT come bloated with crapware.  Hopefully support won't be necessary, but if so I'll update this.Update-09/2013-Got the Beta driver, version 326.80 installed without any issues.  Also I'm blown away even more than I was day one by this things performance.  Borderlands 2 really shines with some of its physx effects.