I had the misfortune to buy not one, but TWO different Toshiba computers for my two children - a Satellite A665-S6056 and a Portege R500.  Both have been unreliable, both had to be returned for service within the first two months, and my dealings with the Toshiba service depot ranged from very disappointing to downright nightmarish.The Portege had a very noisy fan right out of the box, plus within a few weeks the plastic casing around the headphone jack came out making the jack unusable.  Upon return from the service department, the fan was only a little less noisy and the jack had not been fixed.  I didn't return the computer a second time only because my daughter didn't want to lose the use of it for another several weeks.  This experience was highly disappointing, but the nightmare is yet to come.The Satellite developed some nasty lines in the display after a month or so, so it too goes off to the service depot.  Then I get a phone call telling me the repair isn't covered under warranty because they considered it to be caused by abuse, and they wanted $300 to fix it.  I don't believe the computer was ever abused, but if I wanted it fixed they had me over a barrel, so I gave them my credit card number and authorized a repair.A week later the computer shows up, and far from being repaired, it is twice as bad as it was before, with even more lines!  I call again, they tell me to ship it back to them again, I do so, blah blah blah.  Couple weeks later it returns.... NOT FIXED.  This time they actually didn't fix it on purpose.  I received a letter with it saying they couldn't reach me to authorize the repair.  Not bloody likely - I had received no phone calls or emails or messages from them. And why does it need authorization?  I already paid for it!So I call again, and now, get this:  THEY HAVE NO RECORD THAT I EVER PAID FOR IT.  I can see the charge on my credit card statement, but these morons don't know it was paid for.  I can't even ask for my money back because they don't even realize I paid them! I give up in disgust, call my credit card company to dispute the charge, and I take the computer to my local, very honest and very competent repair shop, which does a fine job fixing it for less money.Take it from someone who made the mistake of buying Toshiba not once, but twice.  JUST SAY NO!  I have sworn never to buy any Toshiba product again, not a computer, not a television, not a radio, not nothing.  Once burned, twice shy.  Wait a minute - make that twice burned.  Sheesh.