My husband bought himself and I this laptop during Black Friday 2009.  It is almost February so we haven't had them that long.  My husband waited until Christmas to use his as a Christmas present and mine was for my Birthday in November.  After opening his, within a week his laptop began shutting off after 5 minutes on the battery.  No warnings or anything.  He reformatted the computer but to no avail it still didn't work.The customer service was awful trying to work with.  My husband knows more about computers than a lot of people with Computer Science degrees.  He's one of those computer geeks who takes computers apart, builds his own, writes his own codes etc; so he knows what he's doing... The customer service kept repeating the usual steps on what he must be doing wrong and not listening to him.  He got no where with customer service.  So it's going to have to be shipped out to the manufacturer to get fixed. More than likely it's the battery.. That is typical of an electronic device. They all have their little kinks..BUT just within the last week now my laptop has messed up.I have been using it from day one after Thanksgiving and all of a sudden one day the mouse pad locked up and stopped working.  My husband checked for viruses and reformatted mine too.  Now mine is getting shipped out as well! Even though these are minor breaks this to me shows you the cheapness in making this model.  These are petty breaks that should have been worked out before sent out for consumer purchases.If anyone is considering buying this computer I would recommend saving your money. They may be small breaks but this is really annoying to deal with and I will definitely not be buying anymore Acer laptops.  This was my first purchase with them too. I've used Dell and Gateway and have not had any trouble with them.  I doubt this laptop will last more than a couple years the rate they're going right now for us.  Maybe I'm wrong though, maybe after all the kinks are out it'll work great.  But like I said in the title, you get what you pay for!ATTENTION:Okay, my husband finally found someone to help us from Acer... He was not customer service(they all were foreign and hard to understand).  The guy told us there is a button on the left next to the power button on the laptop that turns your touch pad off.  If you didn't read the directions you wouldn't know this.  So at least just one of our laptops is messed up and the guy said that just to call customer service and they will send you a new battery without you shipping your whole computer out.