I sold my mid-2011 11.6" MacBook Air simply because the battery life just didn't cut it for me. With all I find myself doing on the computer for school and work, 3 hours of battery just didn't cut it. I bought the new 2013 Macbook Air (13") for two main reasons:1) I wanted a bigger screen size. The 11" model, while gorgeous in its own right, was just too small for me. Too much scrolling, not enough space for my palms when typing and very small text on the screen. I know there are ways to fix that by spreading your fingers out on the trackpad to enlarge the text, but c'mon...I shouldn't have to do that :)2) I NEEDED a longer battery life. For gal's sake, it has been quite the struggle to find ANY respectable computer with a decent battery life. I hate having to charge up two or three times a day. Without internet or bluetooth, and the lowest brightness setting, my old MacBook Air lasted maybe 5 hours.Needless to say, the 13" model nips both of these problems in the bud. Not only is the 13" more enjoyable to look at (higher resolution, bigger text size, larger trackpad, etc), but the battery life is quite impressive. (Now I'll add a disclaimer in here: Apple says to expect up to 12 hours of battery life, but I don't think they mean 12 hours of continual use. I used this thing for about an hour and a half --light browsing/word processing, a little more than half the brightness--and it went from 100% to 85% in a little over an hour and a half. I mean, nothing to really complain about, but it's not as strong as I was led on to believe. Maybe I should decrease the brightness some more?)It is true, the 13" is a bit heavier than the 11", but I still consider it highly portable and easy to take around. It's a super fast and quiet machine, and contains all the beauty one would expect in a Mac. Oh yeah, and the price? Definitely worth it! If you want to save $100, you may want to consider the 11" model, which is going for $949. I guess it just all depends on what you'll be using this machine for.All in all, 4  out of 5 stars (I'd do 4 1/2 if I could). Marvelous, sturdy machine with an impressive battery life.