I have had dozens of pc's over the years dating back to the 80's with 286 IBM 6mhz. The brands included Gateway, Emachine, Pbell, Asus, Dell, Toshiba etc. and a beloved Sony Vaio.In my opinion, I have always thought Sony screens were superior to other brands (with the exception of Apple of course) the screen quality has always been very important to me, and again Sony excels. The screen is simply, stunning.I was concerned with ordering online, a pink laptop. I was worried the color would be too loud.  The color is perfect! It is not loud at all; it is a very soft cotton candy pink.The laptop feels solid. It is also not a super heavy or bulky laptop, but also not as thin as an ultabook. It has a thin lid that keeps it somewhat light.I love the soft glow from the keyboard. I often like to sit at night with only a few candles burning and the TV and fireplace on, playing on my laptop and this feature fits perfectly into my life style.I also love the speedy start up feature. Never saw anything like it. You can shut the laptop totally down, lift the lid and in a few seconds you are ready to go.Windows 8 has some strange features; example a swipe with your mouse from the top of the screen to the bottom closes your program. I also spent more than a few minutes looking for the X to close programs and looking for the non existing start button.  But overall I like Windows 8.The laptop itself is very speedy. I watched a few HD movies on netflex and they ran perfectly with no lag. I also like to play online Facebook games etc., again the speed was lighting fast.I can't comment on the battery, because I almost never unplug my laptop so this feature is not important to me.The price is a very good value. I didn't want to spend over $500.00 since I normally replace my laptop every few years. I saw this pc listed for $60.00 bucks more and went the extra mile. I am so glad I did.I also love Amazon. I have been a member with Amazon since they started back in the 90's. I have never had any issues at all with Amazon. I also knew if I was not satisfied or happy, Amazon would, as they always do take care of me. So I was very confident placing my order.What I don't like about this laptop, nothing. I totally love it!Sony VAIO E15 Series SVE15124CXP 15.5-Inch Laptop (Pink)