I will keep this preview very short and to the point. I got this laptop for my birthday. I have been using computers (pc and laptops) for decades, and I am working in the Research and Engineering so I rely on computers more than the average. I will list pros and cons with reasoning. I am hoping this review helps you with your laptop hunting. Good luck.ProsWeight - Obviously this laptop is very light. Typically light electronics suffer from stability and it becomes rather fragile but this laptop is very study. The back and front side is protected by the thin aluminum / Chromium alloy casing and the back side is even more sturdy as it is a little bit thicker.Battery - Battery is very efficient. It seems to be lasting up to 4.5h with mild and 3h with heavy applications (such as video, or gaming)The hardware - The hardware is obviously is not the top of the line but Acer tries to close this gap using virtual memory from the hard drive (20gb of space for the virtual memory). So to an extend, the speed and the computer power have been maximized. This computer can handle decent games, all programs including illustrator etc.The Heat test - The laptop is not overheating. This is important as most of the thin products overheats within a hour. Acer is solving this problem with their patented heat sink design. Thats a big plus.- Keyboard - I have big fingers and this keyboard is perfect. Keys are well separated and very practical. However, page up and down keys are poorly located and tiny.Cons:- Sound: Even though the laptop's sound system is from Dolby, the sound quality is lower than average laptop. However, if you are using headset, the sound quality is better than average laptop. The speakers are small (to make it compact) but had to be loud enough: For that reason, they are failing most times.- Screen: Screen is glossy looking. I dont mind this, however if you are not in love with iphone's glossy look (or ipad, ipod etc) this screen is not meant for you.- Location of the USB port: It is located at the back of laptop. So when you are using your laptop, the access is limited. Also since the laptop is so thin, my keychain USB is not very easy to plug it in.