First and foremost, some of the the components this Laptop contains have false advertising behind them, particularly the Wireless module. The wireless card this comes with was initially marketed as having twice the maximum output it does. It is also slow and buggy according to every review I can find. On the bright side it is a WLAN MINIPCIE module so it is completely upgradable to a better card......oh wait no its not. It would be except This Hp laptop(and most others) has whats called a "whitelist" for upgradable components that will not allow you, the owner of the device, to choose a hardware compatible part in an industry standard slot for your system. This is not listed in the manual, specs, or any advertising. This includes, but is not limited to, the easily accessible wireless module. instead, you have a choice of 5 equally horrible cards with no hope of ever having another card added to that arbitrary list. This particular system has the intel 1000 n wireless mini half card. Research it for your own sake. Its slow, its buggy, and it drops connections. You can't change it to anything better. Unless you love the idea of plugging a bulky USB dongle into your  system to access the internet reliably at your local coffee shop, this laptop is not for you. The only fix would be to modify the bios....But you can't do that either. The only truly cutting edge thing about this system is the Digital signature encrypted bios lockout that no one has been able to do anything with at all. This is also not in the manual, specs or any other materials.This computer is generally a well built, decent system, if it weren't for one component, the one you usually access the internet with. Kind of Important, don't you think? My Advice? find another manufacturer that doesn't play these games.I contacted HP support about these issues, went 3 levels up, was promised a call back, and never got one. All of these levels were less knowledgable about technology in general than my 5 year old nephew. I all but drew them a diagram of what they could do to satisfy me, I told them what single hex character in the entire bios they could change, since they had access to change it, to send to me and make me a satisfied customer. I'm amazed HP is still a sales leader in this field, they treat their customers like enemies at every level: Hardware, Software, and customer service. I should have stuck with Asus....