I bought the laptop for $799 on Amazon.com around Jan 2012. After it arrived, it worked OKAY. The track pad was not nearly as responsive as in a larger laptop, or in a MacBook Air, but no big deal.  I can adjust to that, and I did.  But there were significantly worse problems.First problem - Defective Wireless Card. (See also, e.g., the 2-star review by "The Inveterate Scofflaw 'J'").  On random occasions, perhaps once every one to three hours of use time, the wireless adapter just goes out.  *POOF*  No, it is not that I went out of network range, etc. Rather, the computer acts as if I had manually disabled the wireless, and there is nothing that can be done to bring it back.  Rebooting will work, and I realized later that putting the computer to sleep, which takes much less time, will also cure the nuisance. So I have had to do that, usually once every several hours, randomly, whenever the wireless card craps out on me. This was not a big deal, as it usually takes no more than 10-15 seconds total to put the computer to sleep and wake it up.  The quick sleep-awake response, to be fair, is a nice aspect of this computer.Second problem - Defective Hard Drive. (See also, e.g., the 1-star review by "frank"). About one month after getting this computer, I was using it on the train when all of the sudden I got a blue screen. Upon reboot, I keep getting an error message and windows will not boot. I google the error message, and learned that it was indicative of hard drive failure, and that other people whose laptops sustained a physical impact have had that message.  My computer never fell.  As a result of this, I shipped the computer in to Acer, and they ended up replacing the hard drive (just as I figured). So all my data was lost. Not a big deal, I only had it for a month, but still, but be warned!My computer arrives in two weeks or so, and the invoice says that a new hard drive was installed. So far so good, but one day later, the computer starts doing clicking sounds randomly, and then I get a blue screen. Upon reboot, the clicking sounds (which are annoying an scary, think about fingernails on chalkboard) continue and I get an error message about have no boot drive.Conclusion: This computer was a bad decision, and the problems discussed herein are likely a product of Acer trying to use sub-par technology in an ultra-thin laptop. MacBook Air laptops, for example, all have solid state drives -- no disk drives. I think having an actual disk drive in such a thin computer is asking for trouble. Similar issues may have been with the poor contact between the wireless card and the mainboard.At any rate, I am happy that Amazon.com has a very easy return policy for defective computers.