After reading the reviews of others with similar requirements to mine: small & lightweight, SSD, great screen, a real processor (ATOM and his AMD brethren need not apply) and RAM, etc., I elected to pull the trigger on this guy last week. I've been using it non-stop ever since and it's a keeper. Here are my observations after that amount of time (disclaimer: I vastly prefer ultra-portability over the bulk associated with a litany of features I'll rarely use, and have owned dozens of mini laptops, netbooks or whatever else they're being called that year over the course of my 20year IT career):Pros:- Size, weight and form factor are all just about perfect.- Boots phenomenally fast! It's done before I can get my hands on the keyboard.- Keyboard is backlit, comfortable and well laid out (not a given by any means on small notebooks).- Large, responsive multitouch track pad is a delight.- The screen is fantastic: bright & crisp.- The speakers are remarkable. My expectation of laptop speaker quality is zero, and despite the jargony sounding "professionally tuned dolby home theater", I didn't expect anything different here. They're actually half decent. Much better depth and sound stage that I'd thought possible from such a small set of drivers.- Windows 8, after it's done acting like a toy and has been beaten into windows 7-like submission (see classicshell.net), is actually quite fast.Cons:- Acer doesn't officially support installing Windows 7 and the resulting driver support for that superior OS (at least from a professional use standpoint) is questionable.- If you've read any published reviews, you've heard tell that the fans are loud. Yep, they are.- Light on expansion ports. I'd be very surprised if there weren't space enough inside the chassis to have included a full size SD card, a full size HDMI port and another 1-2 USB ports.- The front edge is sharp, but fashion requires pain I guess.- Battery life isn't stellar, but is as good as advertised. I knew what I was getting into and can live with it.- Not Acer's fault, but there is a dearth of sleek 11.6" ultrabook cases on the market. It makes no sense at all to buy a sexy, hyper-portable ultrabook and then encumber it it with a frumpy case designed for a much larger laptop.