The Z580 is obviously no Macbook Pro, not even one 4 years old like mine is and remains my workhorse. But, for a consumer-level budget computer, it packs quite a punch.Positives:- the price I paid after rebate; much less than the list price- although obviously no mainstream business Lenovo Thinkpad, it has apparent quality. construction, although other Ideapad models have suffered from broken screen hinges; only time will tell.- nice sound system for a cheaper laptop, although certainly no concert hall.- enough power for everyday computing and multimedia; the integrated HD 4000 graphics is a nice step up from last years HD 3000, although not usable for any real gaming - a dedicated graphics card is needed for that.- user-replaceable battery provides the availability to pack a spare, unlike many current models with built-in batteries.- reasonably lightweight for the size; no "cheap" feel like with Acer and some others- modern looks.- no bloatware except for a McAfee trial that I immediately replaced with something better.Negatives:- old-school "thick" laptop; this is certainly no Macbook Air or Ultrabook.- slow 5400 RPM drive and no slot for an added SSD, so you're stuck with slow booting and  access/writing.- typical consumer-level 1366 x 768 screen means more scrolling needed. 1600 x 900 would have been better. Glossy screen impossible to use in sunlight, unlike rare matte models from other manufacturers.- offset-to-the-left keypad, as Lenovo opted to incorporate a number keypad into the unit, which is an odd choice for a consumer model. Moving from my Macbook's excellent keyboard to this is something of an adjustment. And it's not backlit, unlike the new Ideapads coming out later in 2012.- typically awful touchpad found in most Windows computers, even the high end ones; clicks are also a bit too loud. Is either too sensitive or unresponsive. No computer company but Apple has figured that out yet. A mouse is definitely needed.- "chiclet" keys are OK (and somewhat noisy), but I still prefer those found on my Mac as they are more naturally spaced.- external finish is a magnet for fingerprints.All in all, a solid mid-level consumer unit for those who need a Windows machine.