I use this alongside a Toshiba Satellite at home.  Actually I replaced my old Toshiba with another Toshiba and I replaced my old MacBook with this Pro.  I think both have their merits but I prefer the Apple for everyday use.  Without getting too deep into the specs, which you can read anywhere, I'll compare it to the previous generation and the average laptop on the market.Pros: Support - both in person and automated.  OutstandingThe Screen - Brilliant, sturdy, and quite a bit brighter than the last generationConstruction - This is the most sturdy machine I've ever used.  The aluminum body is amazing.Battery Life - I'm running on full brightness and have music playing as I type and I've got an estimated 8 hours left on this charge.Features - I love the SD card slot.  My old Toshiba had one but I've not seen one in a while.  I use it extensively.Migration Manager - I was able to move everything from my old machine quickly and easily, including my MS Office and all my passwords.Backlit Keyboard - Why oh why have we had to wait so long?Size and weight - I ride a motorcycle and a bicycle most of the time and I carry it on my back.  I love the size and weight of the new machine.  I considered the Air, but I'm not convinced it's not just a gimmick.Cons:The USB ports are too close together.  Can't use simultaneously so why have two?Doesn't come pre-loaded with MS Office, but Open Office is almost as good.It's expensive.  Not extremely expensive, but for a machine that is going to last this long and is so easy to use, the 13" is still a deal.It's slippery; when I try to open it with one finger, it slides around.The finish on the aluminum doesn't show finger prints but it does show little scratches.  I'll probably buy a plastic case for it down the road.Long story short: I didn't have to spend much time getting to know the new machine and that's awesome.  It started right up with all my stuff loaded on it and it was just like an old friend.  It took me a week or so to figure out some of the differences in keyboard shortcuts, but I'm now more dialed-in than I was with my old machine.  Quicker to operate with new shortcuts and layout plus a faster processor and more memory.  A very nice upgrade and worth every penny for me.