I have always been a heavy Windows user dating all the way back to the release of version 3.1 (approx 16 years ago).  I was never interested in the Mac do to what I perceived as the proprietary nature of their systems and what I thought was an expensive price tag. Here is what I discovered when I purchased this model of Mac:1.  It just works.  The boot up time is less than half of what it takes my Windows laptop, and the shut down time (4 seconds) is only a fraction of the  30-40 seconds of my Toshiba.2.  It runs Windows Vista faster than my Toshiba.  I still need to run a couple of Windows applications, so I went through the VERY easy bootcamp installation of Vista.  It runs flawlessly and after having purchased Fusion for $79, I am now able to run Windows apps alongside Mac apps.  Simply incredible.3.  Battery life is great.  I can get 4 hours out of mine running in low power mode.4.  Why no card reader????  Almost all PCs now come with card readers to use with your digital camera.  Why does Mac not include this???  :(5.  It does NOT require the regular restarts that my Windows systems have always required.  Simply close the lid and put it to sleep at night, and the next morning lift the lid and you are back in business.  I can do this with my Toshiba but start getting errors in Windows after a couple of days and need to reset.  Also, my Macbook runs very cool (with little heat) in the sleep mode, thereby allowing  me to put it in my brief case in sleep mode without it heating up.  I could never do that with any of my PC laptops.  They would always heat up.6.  No virus software needed.  Happy, Happy, Happy.  Surfing the internet is faster because of this.  Also, opening a document in MS Word is faster because the Virus software is not screening it.I purchased MS Office and loaded it.  It runs great and is almost identical to its Windows counterpart in functionality.  But, Word and Excel seem to boot up a bit slower than the Windows versions.  This is one thing that I do not like.7.  I like the way the electric cord connects with a magnet instead of plugging in.  This seems handier and better in design, but I wonder if the magnet will still be as strong two years from now?All in all, I am extremely pleased with this Mac.  When you compare the price with the included features, it is only slightly more expensive than a comparable PC.  To me it is worth the extra $200.Actually what is going to make this very expensive, is now that my wife and daughter have seen my Mac they are both wanting to replace their PCs as well.  This is one expense I did NOT budget for.Thanks for reading.  Hope this helps