I purchased this machine for the Windows 7 Pro operating system because my Windows Home Premium laptops no longer were compatible with my work computers, which switched from XP to Windows 7 Professional. I decline to obtain Windows 8 in any form.I really like the fast log on time. There were no desktop icons to clutter and slow down the system. I'm going to keep it that way.Little to no bloatware is present. I uninstalled the Norton because I have already got a subscription to MacAfee. The Norton was okay, while I had it.I like the finger print scanner. It saves me time typing the log in password, but I know that the fingerprint scanner is hackable with the right simple equipment. For me, the scanner is a time saver. For those interested in better security, type in your complicated password.The Thinkpad came with Adobe Acrobat. I had to install Java because of my workplace requirements. It does not stutter when playing movies, but I don't use much for that.It worked very well, when I had to attend a Webinar. The sound quality was excellent. I did not need my gaming headphones to hear what was going on, although I did plug in the ear phone part to be sure I heard everything. I did listen to part of the meeting without headphones and found it was fine. there was no microphone plug for the headphones. The microphone was elsewhere in the machine and had no problems picking up my voice.There is a webcam that I have not used yet.On the down side, I am having to get used to the track pad, which is very good for scrolling, once I am able to trigger that. When it comes to clicking the track pad, there are no discrete buttons, but if you click the lower corners at the bottom, it serves the same purpose. I just need to get the dexterity right.I like the small red joystick? or what ever it is called. It is a good alternative to moving the arrow around with the track pad.I wish the Fn key and the Ctrl key at the lower right hand side of the keyboard were switched because I am used to them in a switched state, not the way they are in this system. I figure I'll need to get used to it. Also, the F2, F3 keys at the top require pushing the Fn key and the F2 key at the same time to toggle that function. Since I use function keys a lot, it slows me down a tiny bit.I like having a DVD/CD recorder and SD card reader. Those are very useful to me.The ThinkPad is also fairly light for all the things that it does, which I really appreciate because I have to move around sometimes for my work and need a light, powerful machine.All in all, I am very glad that I purchased the Lenovo ThinkPad.