Let me explain the title.Later this year, Apple will probably be replacing the current Macbook Pros with a machine more similar to the airs, no more optical drives, no native ethernet port and so on. So I decided to get this machine before they are gone for good. I have a 2008 Macbook unibody (the last model before they were called pros), and it has worked like a charm from day one, but it is getting older and will be used as a backup machine now that I have this one.I'm not going to get into the Apple/PC battle in this review, if you don't like Apple products, don't buy them. That will be all I will say on the matter.Now for this machine, I ordered a Seagate Momentus XT drive from newegg.com item #N82E16822148837. It is a 7200 rpm, 32 MB Cache, 6.0 Gb/s, Solid State Hybrid drive.(Check the reviews). I also ordered Corsair 16 Gb DDR3 1333 (PC3 10600) item #N82E16820233251. I got the machine and immediately switched out the ram and hard drive with the above mentioned items. After that, I turned the machine on, held command R, booted the computer from Apple's servers, restored from my Time Capsule backups, and I was in business. The ram was recognized, the hard drive is running like a charm. I now have a quad core proceesor, 16 Gb of ram and a hard drive that is almost as fast as an SSD, but with the the storage capacity of a traditional HDD. I am very happy with this machine and it should serve me for many years to come. BTW, I took the hard drive that came out of this machine and put it in my old Macbook, which only had a 250 Gb HDD, everything is working well. On a personal note, BACK UP YOUR HARD DRIVE. You can either use the Time Machine program that comes with your machine, or a free program called Super Duper, which clones you HDD. Your life will be soooo much easier if you back up your information. This machine is like any other multiple component machine, you may get a bad component from time to time, that should not make you hate the whole machine. I hope this review helps someone and gives them some useful information and ideas. Before you try anything to modify your machine, please research before you attempt to do it.