I personally wanted to give this a 2 star... but then I had to consider the price and gave it a 3 star.The volume f11 and f12 do not work.The nearly four inch wrist rest is to deep, its very uncomfortable to type when sitting at the table with this laptop ( the edges are actually sharp).It has a overall "cheap" feeling ...I guess because it is inexpensive  ( I keep trying to remember that fact).I do like the size of the touch pad, but the buttons don't feel like they will last.I am not a fan of the low profile keyboard either ( however all newer computers seem to have them now).It did boot up fine ... and the computer itself seems to be working well ( this is my 3 Dell, so I'm a repeat customer)  but the case/ or shell appears substandard.So if this is back up ...or if you are using it with a TV, I'm sure its a great buy ....if its for everyday use, this may not be the one. ( I'll update this review in a month or so ...after I have used it for a while). I am trying to tell myself I will get used to windows 8 ....so far I don't believe myself.*************** I want to update my review ,  I have decided to return this laptop.  With the 2 function keys not working and and the right button on on the mouse pad sticking ....  I decided that it had to much against it , for a BRAND new computer. ( even a inexpensive one).I was unsure about my ability to return the defective laptop , because it was not actually "dead on arrival"  and I had used it for several days ...  I sent a detailed message to Amazon , and in less than 24 HR I was sent a return label.I have always been 100% pleased with AMAZON and with this situation they rose to the occasion.  I am slightly concerned , because the "reason" for the return on the label says "different from what was ordered"  and that is not the case ... other than I ordered a laptop that should not be defective.  I am hopeful that the return process goes well ... and I look forward to buying a new laptop as soon as my credit it processed .