The main reason that I bought this laptop is because of the HUGE 17.3 screen and also because it is made by HP!PROS about this HP Computer:1) Fast wireless N Card built in. I just turned on the computer, and the card read my router and I was up and running on the internet in just 5 minutes! (Having the built in card on this desktop like the laptops do was a MUST for me. Also, the internet runs so quickly with this card in the computer, I am just amazed!2) The Hard Disk is so so quiet, even when it runs it is hard to hear and the hard disk does not run often. (Good signs!)3) Love the "standard like 101 keyboard" which has a seperate number pad like the large standard keyboards do. This is one of the main reasons I wanted a 17.3 vs a 15.6 HP Laptop was that I like having a number pad!4) This laptop runs much cooler than my last laptop did,however, I bought a cooling fan and I placed the computer on top of this and it runs very very cool. (I would not own a laptop without a separate cooling fan as laptops tend to run hotter than desktops do).5) Love the Windows 7 Home Premium that is on this computer. In my last computer, I had Vista and I had a love/hate relationship with Vista. So this experience so far with Windows 7 has been great.6) The keyboard is almost totally silent, something I love! It did take about 2 weeks for me to get used to this FLAT ISLAND STYLE KEYBOARD because I am a touch typist and used to the clanky clank type of keyboard. Now, I love the flat and quiet keyboard.CONS:** NONE WITH THIS LAPTOP PC at all, it is PERFECT!However, with Windows 7 here is my experience:* Before buying this superb HP 17.3 Laptop in August,2010, I thought about it for more than six months! So I bought this HP Laptop and also the HP P6510F Desktop and love them both! I knew I wanted an HP 17.3 laptop and this one is just perfect! I am used to upgrading over the years as each time I buy a new computer with new Windows, I have found I had to buy all new software as most of the old softwares would not run with the new Windows program. In addition, about 50% of the time, I had to buy a new printer as well. The last two times I bought a new system, with Vista and now Windows 7, I was able to update the driver of my printer online and install with no problem. All in all, I am so pleased with my purchase and love this HP 17.3 laptop!