When I first bought this laptop I was thoroughly impressed. It plays any game on the market on high/max settings at 60fps no problem. The sound system is great, it has plenty of USB ports, the backlight keyboard is nice and the screen is gorgeous. As far as functionality is concerned, everything is great (except windows 8, but that's just my opinion). However I have had a few problems with it in the last few months (about 8 months after buying it):1. The heat sink system did not keep the laptop cool enough after a few months. I kept this laptop clean as a whistle, well-ventilated, and cooled a little extra using a cooling pad for extra airflow. One day I boot it up and starting playing Fear 3 and wham - the laptop just shut off, no BSOD or anything, and would not turn on. After opening it up and checking under the heat sinks over the CPU and GPU I discovered that a chip on the video card was burned out. I didn't think it was a big deal, as things can just happen. I was a little irritated but I sent in my laptop for RMA and they had it back to me within 30 days (it was over Christmas break and there was a delay in ordering a new video card for it). The trouble began when I got it back.Immediately I noticed a massive performance drop. Almost any game that was somewhat graphically intense (Crysis 3, BF4, etc.) would cause a BSOD due to the GPU overheating. Upon another inspection of the heat sinks I discovered that MSI had used a very low-quality thermal compound to put on the new GPU and it was causing overheating issues that forced the laptop to shut down. No big deal, right? I replaced the thermal compound with AS5 and then I was able to run games with no issue.Then a week later it shut off again. This time when I booted it up, the laptop would not take a charge from the power supply, so I left it off overnight. The next day everything worked fine for a few hours and then it shut off again during Diablo 3 and would not turn on. Surprise, the video card had burned out again, same chip! The rubber/silicone material that separates the heat sink from the chips was burned completely through. Now my laptop is boxed up and ready to be shipped out again. The techs told me that it could be a bad power supply but regardless, I've had nothing but issues with this since the video card first burned out. Great computer when it works but for the last three months it's pretty much been a $1300 basic functions-only laptop and I am not happy. I would recommend not buying it, but if you do, keep an eye on temperatures and make sure you replace the thermal compound every 2-3 months or you will have issues.