I have owned this laptop for about three years. There are some down sides to it, but overall, if you care for it, it's a really good computer. The most inconvenient thing is probably the weight. This is a large (17" screen), and heavy computer for a laptop. It is portable, but portability is limited by its weight. It can overheat very quickly, so this is not a computer you want to have sitting on your bed. Purchase an inexpensive laptop pad and there is no problem with overheating. Finally, if you leave this computer plugged in for extended periods, you can kill the battery (this is the case with pretty much any rechargeable battery). If you don't plan on carrying the computer back and forth a lot, you keep the computer on a solid surface so air can flow freely under and around it, and you don't leave it constantly plugged into the wall, this computer will last you for years. Just remembered one more negative, the color of the keys make it very difficult to see in low light. I can type by touch, so it's not a huge problem for me, but if you need to see the keys, it can be an issue.Some of the really good things about this computer is the processing speed. This is designed as a gaming computer, so it can render graphics very well and very quickly. This translates into not only a good gaming environment, but an excellent platform for watching movies. The speakers are very loud compared to other laptops I have owned, and paired with the 17" screen, allow for an very good movie watching experience via DVD or over the internet. There is plenty of processor speed to multi task and have a movie playing in the background while you do other things (like surf the web, type a paper, etc.).One of my kids got to my computer and pulled most of the keys out, and the keys on this computer are not easy to replace once removed (but they are very difficult to remove in the first place). Along with that and the battery being practically dead, I figure it would cost less to just buy another one and switch the hard drive than it would be to repair the one I have, so I'm looking into purchasing a new laptop now.