I wanted to love this computer... I really did.  Apple makes a fine product but, I have had very bad luck with them, and they are simply over priced.  For me, If this computer ran fast, stable and efficiently, it would have been worth the cost.  However, this has not been my experience so I am returning this product.I first purchased my macbook off of amazon and it ran glitchy out of the box.  The trackpad was erratic and unstable and programs crashed out of the box.  I contacted apple who gave me the typical line "well, you have to buy it directly from us to be sure it is good".  So I sent back my macbook and went through all the trouble of getting a return.  I purchased a new macbook at the inflated apple cost and got my second computer.  I soon realized that I was having more problems that were related to the operating system.  For one thing, I bought this computer to edit movies.  iMovie was a laughably bad program which was non-intuitive and hard to learn.  I shelled out the money to buy Adobe Premier which is an awesome program that I was able to figure out without seeking help.  Unfortunately, this particular program runs very glitchy on a mac.... but wait, I thought these computers were supposed to run these type of programs better than a PC.On top of that there is a massive learning curve when you are switching over from a PC to a Mac.  I don't care was Apple says, Macs are NOT more intuitive then PC's... especially when organizing files.  I ended up spending hours on the phone with apple care to learn how to perform system functions that should be intuitive enough to figure out on my own.  Now, don't get me wrong... this is NOT apple's fault.  Macs are different from PC's and they take time to learn.  However, what IS apple's fault is that they only give you a 14day return window when you order a 1500+ product from them.  This is insulting and unacceptable and is the main reason why I am sending back my second Macbook.  If I was given a more appropriate return window, I likely would have stuck with it but apple is twisting my arm to return it while I can still get my money back.So in the end, here is my final point.  Apple makes a fine product.  However, it has been my experience that shelling out the big bucks for this product DOES NOT GUARANTEE that you are going to escape the headaches of dealing with a PC.  My experience was that I had spent three times as much for buy a product that included the same headaches as a PC if not more.  Keep this in mind when you are purchasing one.  In the end, I think it is better to buy this product from amazon because they actually have a BETTER return policy than Apple themselves.