Pro:Good lookGreat screenAndroidCon:Battery chargingFlimsy (stand leg is like 1/16" plastic etc)USB port is relatively square shape and micro USB connector goes in upside downPower connector sticks out 1/8" inchTouch screen does not work well and even opening apps drawer require finesse.Glitchy often, gently grabbing the unit for input causes random input.Sometimes it randomly wake itself from power off or sleep mode.First unit I got charge until orange (it supposed to charge and yellow), so slight bug.It was very glitchy first hour.  I attribute that to background sorting of tons of music I had on sd card.Battery went to 8% in 3-4 hours and took hour to go down to 3% and lasted hour more.I requested exchange and got it shipped.Unfortunately, next charging made unit hot and glitchy things got more frequent.With this, I would have ask for refund, but was too late.Second unit got here fast.  It did not charge fully, and stayed at red.And screen had flicker.Return number two for refund.Face of lcd screen is right at box surface and it was mailed without much packing material for mailing box.Before getting the unit, I thought people were little harsh or too critical.But I have to agree, this is good hobbyist home toy, not reliable consumer electronic.I am glad that I went through amazon rather than some mom and pop operation.7/9/2010:It seems that someone is manipulating reviews.  I suspect most if not all 5 star reviews are from people that want this unit to have higher ranking.  Look all that recommendations and how many negative recommendation I got.$199 price might have been pretty good but now there's tons of alternative android tablet such as m001 zto apad epad iped etc. which are cheaper.  Funny thing is it seems all of them are unreliable.  For example zto was on amazon for few weeks and no company is selling it now.  m001(and relabeled units)are getting bad reviews too.Lucky for me, I bought 8.9" cinepal for replacement.  It does not have internet, but it is solid and work very good as video player.  I have many computers, netbook, and smart phone so don't really need internet with it.  If you want a video player go for cinepal.If you want internet tablet, wait until android 2.2+ tablets with 512mb ram if you do not like over priced ipad or convertible tablet netbook.Dell mini 5 "streak" is 5" tablet/smart phone for ATT coming out later this summer too.Some people thinks usb charging is good idea.  I think it does not make any sense for a HOME tablet. Usb is not design to dish out lots of power so even in ideal condition it might take 6-10 hour to charge which is not desirable for most people.  Unfortunately, A7HT wake itself up etc. so it is doubtful that it can charge even to 30%.