as stated before this tablet is amazing. smooth, responsive and quick for the cpu speed. 4gb of ddr3 1333mhz ram with a 64gb solid state drive make this one of the most enjoyable tablets i have owned. windows 7 does very well on this particular configuration. the screen clarity is outstanding considering its shining threw a wacom digitizer. i own an asus R1F convertible tablet that has a built in digitizer in the screen, and you could definitely tell its was there. super grainy, and the brightness was greatly diminished (still my favorite laptop ever regardless). the addition of a capacitive multi touch screen (same type as the on the ipod/ipad) over the digitizer is yet another bonus. its very sensitive, to the point where sometimes it picks up your finger as your hovering over the screen, though it seems smart enough not to actually send a click signal to windows in these situations. oh and did i mention its multi touch? only two points of contact but thats more then enough to do all the useful things to be done with a multi touch screen, pinch to zoom, scrolling, etc.the only con i have is that on occasion, the screen will momentarily lock up. this occurs only when the CPU is under heavy load (usually trying to render high end 3d graphics). the computer is still working, and a standard mouse can still move the pointer, however it appears the CPU has momentarily stopped processing the input from the touch screen interface to deal with its work load. but remember if you buy one and this happens don't go poking at the screen franticly, even if its not processing input now it will have to process it eventually, and usually the more you poke at it in this state the longer its going to take to recover. that rule applies to every pc, so if any pc your using freezes leave it be and don't needlessly click around and don't hit random keys, this will only make the PC less likely to recover besides taking longer.that being said, i highly recommend buy one now, even if it says out of stock, mine shipped and yet the page still said out of stock. this is exactly what every tablet PC should aspire too!