My general experience with this device was good. It has a beautiful design, simple and useful.Pros- Very easy to use.- Excellent and modern design.- Good sound quality.- Excellent keyboard until... (see my comment below "After a Year")- Good Touch screen.- Other applications included like: GPS (using wi-fi), compass, etc.- It has a slot for inserting a celular phone SIM card, however it is not ready to be used. I thing this will be available in the future.- Good colors and screen resolution acceptable.- You can use the computer with the keyboard and the touch screen at the same time. Awesome.- Good webcam included.- This is the few net computers with Windows 7 home edition.- Silent and quite.Cons- Few information of this computer in the DELL site. I hope to have more information from DELL.- Acceptable performance. Nothing too fast, nothing too slow.- When used for long periods tends to generates a bit of heat.- It does not have a flashlight on the keyboard to work at night.- It has a lot of useless DELL software installed, most of them "LITE" versions constantly requiring purchase of the full "PRO" versions.- USB port cover is not practical to use when the computer is on a flat surface.Other comments:- I like Google Chrome, however for this software the Touch capabilities are not good. I'm using IE 9, it uses the touch screen capabilities in a good way.- I was very dissapointed when I received the computer in a box where you can see in a picture the computer inserted in a Dell station, however when you open the box, you only find your computer alone. The Dell station is sold separately.- Have not a cover included. I bought a Belkin cover.- Strange behavior when the computer enters in Stand by alone. After this, you can listen some "beeps" and you need to try starting up the computer with a forced start up.After a year- Problem issue with the keyboard. With a few utilization in general terms of the computer, after one year the keyboard presents problems with the following keys:2, W, Backspace, \, Enter, PgDn, PgUp and Space.  I run the Support Center Software and it indicates that everything is ok, however, the problem persists. You know, the computer is out of the original warranty.- All the other computer parts are good.