Frankly, the only reason i give it a "4" is because its seems to do decently well for my requirements which is:MusicVideosLittle bit surfingPros:1) Cheap.2) Android (I luv anything that says google).3) Mp3 player is good (Nice UI).4) Good Video playback.5) Decent battery backup.6) Camera is nice in good daylight.7) Some very good apps in google market for it. Works pretty well with most of them. (The camera apps don't though)8) Once you install some funky apps, it gets pretty addictive. I couldn't stay apart from my tab even while typing this.Cons:1) Fu***n long charging time. I mean really, it takes almost as long to charge as to discharge sometimes.2) Hella SLOW. If you can't tolerate lagging or slow responses or s/w crash occasionally, DONT EVEN THINK OF BUYING IT.3) WIFI is pretty weak in connection. Not that i face severe problems, but if your router is far away, not a good thing.4) Crashes occasionally, gets stuck sometimes.5) Camera sucks in dark background. Way too much pixelation.6) The camera photos automatically generate a duplicate copy and many times, deleting any one copy deleted everything in the folder.7) Skype call quality SUCKS on it.8) (My) youtube app (preinstalled one) doesn't work as is the case with many other users. Sadly, it doesn't allow you to uninstall either.Other points worth mentioning:The marketplace installed is bad. Search for gapps4archos2.apk and install.Do not forget to install the flash player 10.2 as it comes with 10.1 which is useless for the video surfing.Surf up some apps like acrobat reader, file manager etc. I couldn't open pdf attachments in emails before installing them. Now i can save them too.The outer plastic case may wear out quickly.DO NOT fiddle with the software. I tried it and lost everything.Although the camera sucks in the dark background, it works pretty amazing in the daylight or well light background. No zoom though.Requires you to BUY software to view many DVD format films. Regular format ones work good though. s/w costs around $15-30 extra i guess. Better convert the videos.Lots more to say. If you need more advise, mail me at techwiz89@rocketmail.com