I had won an iPad 2 a few months ago by filling out a survey. Overall, i am very happy with the iPad 2. It is the 32GB model, so i have the extra storage. I have at least 70 apps and 3 songs and no videos on it and i only use up about 10GB so far. The ability to back up all of your documents, apps, music, etc. ti iCloud is a great feature. You get 5GB of free storage but then you can buy additional storage if you need it.EmailThe ability to check email on it is a great feature. I use the Xfinity Mobile App instead of the mail app though so the emails will delete and be marked as read on my computer too, not just my iPad.WebThe ability to go on the web right from my iPad is also another great feature. If i need to look something up real quick i can just use the iPad instead of waiting for my computer to boot up.PrintingOne area that the iPad does need improvement in is the ability to print from it. We originally had a WiFi printer from Lexmark but did not have Airprint in it which is what you need to print from the iPad. So, i went to the store and bought a Kodak printer that says you can print from iPod, iPad, iPhone on it. I thought that that means that it has Airprint which is what you need to print from the iPad. Come to find out it doesn't have Airprint in it, BUT, you can download an app that lets you print from your iPad. So i get the printer all set up, connect it to my network, and try out the app. You need to save a screenshot of the screen you want to print from, the send it to the app which sends it to the printer, and it worked fine. Was just hoping i could use Airprint, but maybe next time.Flash PlayerI was a little dissapointed to find out that the iPad doesn't have a flash player built in. I can't open emails with videos in it or stuff on the web that requires flash player. I think apple should put built in flash player on the iPad, beacuse if they are going to compete against the Kindle Fire which has flash player, then they should seriously consider flash player. If you need a device that has a flash player, go with Kindle Fire.