I bought this around the time it came out and have just dealt with it instead of enjoyed it since the first week I got it. I didn't buy it from Amazon, but I did get a return label sent to me from the company that I brought it from, but it was cheaper than an iPad with the $100 Groupon coupon I used.I barely install any apps on it, but it always seems to glitch on me with every factory reset (which I did the 2nd day I had it, and many more since). As of right now I had to install a widget to turn up the volume because even though I'm using the volume rocker, and the slide is moving on the screen, it doesn't want to play my Pandora radio unless I use these extra widgets. I can't have my iPhone plugged in before I take it out of sleep mode or else the screen won't turn on even though the wifi light lights up. That part is good because it stays on so I don't have to worry about it going to sleep and stop charging my phone. This last part only started happening since it upgraded to 4.04.I've never once rooted it because I was worried it would make it even a larger piece of crap. The screen loves to show your fingerprint smudges, the default browser is always and always crashing, you have to format any storage device/card in FAT32 to actually have it write to them.. If I try to skype, I'm happy if it actually lets me use the camera facing me for SKype because on average I have to reboot it in order to use it because it wants to keep using the one on the back, or doesn't work at all. Here are the apps I use on it so you can see I barely even use it and still have all these problems:1. Pandora2. Chrome Browser3. Chive4. Facebook5. Dropbox6. And 5 widgets (3 of which are for the volume problem I mentioned earlier)That's all I use. I have more installed, but nothing major -- mainly Amazon apps that I never use.I wouldn't recommend this tablet to anyone. I have a friend who is an Android fanboy and even he is surprised by how buggy and crappy this tablet is.The end.*drops mic and walks off stage*