Needless to say, it is very difficult to get one of these. Everywhere(except simple electronics) has been out since mid-November. Archos didn't do all too great with making this widely availible, which is a shame, considering that it is very good at what it does. Now, on to the actual product. The package is a nice, simple package that sort of reminds me of the iPhone 4's packaging. The finish is nice, but the back is a finger print magnet, but that can be easily taken care of with a cloth or a sleeve. The kickstand is a bit far toward one side however, so it makes using it impractical on some surfaces. The screen is nice and big, and despite the fact that it is a resistive touch screen(less sensitive and doesn't support multi-touch), you don't need to use a stylus or your fingernail with it and can get away with using your fingers. The hardware is very speedy. After you install the latest firmware, and set the power management option to overdrive(allows the processor to run at 1 GHz instead of 800 MHz), it gets a score of 1565 on quadrant. For a sense of how high this number is, it is the second highest score out of all android devices on the market to date, with the Nexus S(which runs the next version of android, version 2.3) being the only device to beat it, with a score of 1583. This device, however, is not without it's issues. Google has yet to officially sanction the Google market place on non-phone devices, so in order to get access to most apps for android, you must install a 3rd party hack for the market place to run. Some users may not feel comfortable with installing such a package, and thus should steer clear. Also, the camera is of pretty poor quality, so when you take a picture with it, don't expect the picture to be DSLR quality. Another potential con for this device is that it doesn't have a front facing camera. While this isn't a huge deal, the higher end phones now a days are coming out with it(the HTC Evo 4G, the Samsung Epic, the Nexus S), so I don't really see why Archos decided not to put one in there. When comparing it to the iPod Touch, it really speaks to a different market. If android is where your fancy is, if you like the idea of being able to install 3rd party apps or being able to make your own apps without spending much money, or if you want a high performance mp3 player, than the Archos 43 is probably for you. if you want an experience that is smooth, but more restricted, or if you want a more tried and true pmp, than I suggest you go with the iPod touch.