The Archos 43 is an excellent media player. It does a great job of handling audio and video and the kickstand is handy. My son got a MachSpeed TRIO as an inexpensive ($100) media player. The TRIO had a poor resistive screen and become unusable within a few months. In comparison, the Archos 43 costs a bit more ($170) but the it has a much better resistive touch screen, has a better screen and sound, and supports more media types. Besides being a media player, my son enjoys having an android device and likes all the free games he can get. Hooking it up to our wifi was easy and we have even turned it into a very useful wifi phone using Google Voice and Groove IP. Groove IP was easy to setup and works well once you get the settings right.I also have a Viewsonic G tablet. That is a 10 inch capacitive touch screen. As a tablet, the archos 43 isn't as good. Capacitive touch screens are just better and the processor in the Archos 43 does fine but it is not nearly as powerful as the Viewsonic G. If what you really want is a full powered tablet you should look elsewhere, although this does make a nice low cost wifi tablet.We purchases a cheap case from Amazon that holds the Archos nicely, can fold shut to protect it, and has a stand of its own. For $12 it was a great buy. It also has a place for a stylus and my son uses an extra stylus he has from his DS. The touch screen is okay with a finger but a stylus works better. We purchased some cheap screen protectors (made for the PSP Slim) and they fit great. We bought an 8GB microSD card and, all in all, we spent about $200 for the Archos and accessories.My son is thrilled with the Archos 43 and my other son is now thinking about getting one. If you want a full featured media player with bonuses (Android) that is small (easy to carry) yet big enough for watching video then this is a great buy. I've never used an iPod but I can't imaging it could be better than this and I don't think you can get one with accessories for this price. We didn't even consider an iPod because we didn't want to be locked into their media service.UPDATE: We have purchased a Samsung Galaxy Player 4.0 and it is an amazing. The Archos 43 was a huge improvement over the TRIO (which is junk) but the Galaxy Player is a huge improvement over the 43. At this point, I wouldn't spend money on a 43. The Galaxy Player is just too nice and I got one for $190.