I was shopping for a tablet for long time, focused on reading and casual app-centric computing/playing.  The iPad was right out of consideration for its price and "locking" into the Apple domain of apps and content.  I ordered a Fire the day it was announced, ready to compromise on features I didn't think I'd care about (size, cameras, connectivity, Android version) for its great price and access to Amazon content.  Then I ran across a Groupon deal to get the Thrive for a hundred dollars off.  I took the plunge and cancelled my Fire order.I am loving this tablet!  It has a beautiful screen, feels great in my hands, and can run apps from both Android Marketplace as well as Amazon's App Store.  Just a note on that point, I find I am getting the vast majority of my apps from Amazon.  They have a LOT less "junk" apps which are really cluttering the Android Marketplace, and their Free Paid App of the Day is invaluable (okay, its value can be calculated, but it's growing each day).While I have yet to use the full-sized USB or HDMI ports, I expect I will soon.  What I have used a LOT is the camera for taking pictures and video.  I honestly thought I wouldn't use a tablet that way, but its quality and usability is actually preferred over my Galaxy S.One of the main drawbacks of this tablet is its size/weight.  It is noticeably thicker and a couple ounces heavier (which is not as noticable).  I would love this tablet if it were thinner, but I honestly haven't felt it to be an issue thus far.  I am carrying it around with me everywhere!  Others have mentioned its textured back and I agree it makes for a much-improved experience when holding it and helps off-set the thickness.Accessories I have bought and recommend include the Toshiba-branded case which supports landscape set-up (would like it if they allowed for portrait as well), the ArmorShield screen protector (a bit of work to apply, but worth the cost/effort), and the AYL capacitive pen (pen input is obviously valuable for many usages like drawing and surprisingly valuable for some usages like gaming).If you care more for sleek looks and thin tablets, this may not be the one for you, but don't overlook this tablet for all its features and advantages.