I'm going to have to recommend against this one. As you've been reading, the screen is very unresponsive. This makes typing tricky, you have to type one key at a time, like typing into an old typewriter. I'm not sure if its the screen or the processor, but scrolling on webpages is also sluggish. Even after the firmware update, the browser crashed really frequently. Because scrolling locks up so frequently, attempts at scrolling registers as a tap and you will unintentionally click on links. Because of this, I nearly formatted my micro-SD card.The photo viewer can take up to 30 seconds to load all the photo icons viewable in one page- this is pretty slow and makes it unusable. I'd say a 1/3 of the time when trying to open a photo (5 mp) it crashed. When it finally opened my photos, flipping from photo to photo was relatively smooth.I purchased this mainly as a pdf reader since my phone is too small to read off of. It does have the ability to read pdf's, though not well. The available pdf reader apps from the appslib store (all that you can use rather than the android market) are the worst available. Only 1 pdf reader functioned correctly, and it was only able to read pdf's when opened from the browser. To date, Adobe's reader cannot work on the device, and won't install even if you track down the installation file.The email app works well, whoop-di-doo. So do a few board game apps. Other things you don't care about- its the perfect size for switching between holding in your hand or reading on your lap.Movies and mp3's play really well- HD video (in whatever format the files are when you download them straight from youtube) played perfectly and smoothly (but there is no flash support, so don't think about watching videos on youtube). The colors are great and there is no glare, although I did notice the solid-color background flicker when playing solitaire. Battery life seemed to be able to last for quite a while, but I ran out of patience to test it since it's so frustrating to use (at least for my purposes).If you're looking for a good, inexpensive video and music player this might be suitable (I got mine for $129 clearance at best buy), but if you're looking for something with the functionality of an android phone but with a larger screen, move on.