My first Android device - 45yrs IT experienceEasiest review is to copy recent email reports to my family:1st ReportI have had my LePan II Android tablet 24 hours...What a great tool...at a great price.Attached are a few not so good photos.1. Extremely high build quality...not plastic.2. Very bright and sharp display.3. 10 inch screen (4/3 size) - same as Ipad.4. Dual core processor - very fast! Lots of memory... 1GB ram.5. Micro SD slot for expanded memory...up to 32GB per card.6. Android Honeycomb operating system - very smooth & refined...no crashes etc.  Upgradable to next version - Ice Cream Sandwich.7. In a few minutes I loaded apps for Kindle, Netflix, Pandora, Dropbox, Adobe PDF, Adobe Flash, Wikipedia.8. Easily setup Yahoo, Gmail & my POP3 email.9. Google Maps with voice input & voice directions (while on WiFi).  Ability to store maps offline for travel.10. Downloaded Jordan's book (PDF file) via Dropbox. PDF file displays perfect with Adobe.11. WiFi setup took some time until I learned that most tablets do not like WPA2 security. They prefer WEP (lower level protection).12. My router has a Guest feature...I set it up for WEP - Internet access only....perfect solution. Altogether, my router has 5.0GHz band for streaming to TV, a 2.4GHz band for most devices, and a Guest signon, as explained.16. I loaded my Santorini photos...fabulous display quality.17. Since it has the same "form factor" as Ipad, most accessories work as well. (2x ram and storage)This Le Pan II is a high powered machine! Le Pan III coming out this year.Cost $262.00 at Amazon.2nd ReportBLOWN AWAY!1. Tablets are an AMAZING media content display device.2. The interaction with misc Google Services is AMAZING!3. I installed Google+ and immediately I had access to my original Picasa photo storage site.4. I can bring up all my photos in amazing clarity! No need for my web site to access my photos.5. I was sold years ago on Picasa as the best web photo storage site. Now I have great access...the CLOUD!5. I installed Fish Bowl app to organize my on-board (non cloud) photos. Amazing!Took the tablet to the Grill last night.2 friends signed up for our next trip to Europe...they were serious! ... after seeing the Santorini photos!3rd Report:NO WORDS LEFT1. I have moved on to Music Streaming.2. I installed Skifta DLNA streaming app.3. This turns my tablet into a music stream SERVER & controller.4. Since my Wireless Sony Speaker is DLNA certified, I can connect the speaker to the tablet.5. While I am writing this email, I am streaming Elton John to the wireless speaker, from the tablet, and controlling the sound from the tablet!!!!6. Next I will try to stream photos to my Blu-Ray player/TV ... it is also a DLNA certified device.7. Note: I had to permit LAN access for the MyGuest account in order to stream.WOW