As a corporate Blackberry user, I was very interested in how the Playbook would fit into my daily routine and enhance the mobile experience.  I purchased a 32MB model five weeks ago and have gone through a couple of OS updates as well as a couple of  tickets with RIM tech support to work through early bug issues.  At this point the device and OS (v1.0.6.2390) are operating very nicely and I am experiencing no technical issues at all.I generally concur with the positive reviewers of the Playbook.  This is a fine piece of hardware, and its positive virtues are well documented in earlier reviews.  The user experience from a professional point of view, however has had less attention in earlier reviews. I thought I would just take a few minutes and briefly share my experiences and opinions in that regard.PRO:1. The Playbook integrates flawlessly with my company BES (Express).2. All Outlook features, including Notes and Tasks synchronize without a hitch.3. The bridge connection with my Bb Curve 8530 works very well.4. The browser does a great job with my company's Outlook Web Access application.5. The MS Office-To-Go apps offer sufficient functionality to actually create usable docs, spreadsheets and presentations.6. The Blue Box app offers very good compatibility with my Dropbox account.7. With a suitably equipped projector (with HDMI), presentations are a snap8. The PDF reader app renders attachments nicely.9. The 7 in. form factor enables me to easily take the device everywhere.10. I am not a gamer ( I am particularly not impressed with the multitude of silly games and useless apps the mobile world has spawned), but there are several games and entertainment apps that hold my attention during travel delays and other down time. The Kobo E-reader is especially good.11. The browser is excellent, as others have reported.  This is important to corporate users who depend on custom web-based apps to do business.12. I have successfully connected a bluetooth MS Mobile Keyboard 6000 and Lenovo Bluetooth Laser Mouse. This setup works in a pinch for long duration situations when my laptop is somewhere else.CONS:1. Would like a fully functional GPS app.  I am willing to pay for Garmin-class automobile usability.2. Handling of email attachments could be improved. Currently functional but a bit clunky.3. Would like to see a more robust PDF app. Currently functional but could be better.SUMMARY:Corporate users who are currently on the Blackberry platform will be very pleased with this tablet. I have found it to be a very welcome addition to my mobile toolset. If you are interested in a Playbook, be sure to confirm compatibility with your handset before purchase.