This was my first Android device.  Probably won't be the last, but it left a bitter taste in my mouth.  I ended up returning the Tab after a few weeks with it.  The problems were numerous.1.) This is the most egregious.  The Galaxy Tab Wi-Fi is dramatically lower spec'd than its 3G counterparts.  Therefore, every review you can find online does not apply.  It has an older generation processor (Arm v7 vs. Arm v8), the graphics processor is also a generation behind and dramatically lower in speed (530 vs. the 540).  What does this mean to non tech geeks?  The buttery smooth performance you see in reviews for the earlier Tabs is replaced by slow scrolling in webpages, the homescreen taking several seconds to work when you rotate the device, and games simply not working.  I couldn't believe Samsung would completely cripple the device like this but a casual glance at the product page produces this gem "features and specifications subject to change without prior notification".  It is absolutely insane a major tech company has that disclaimer on a product page, and the fact they don't advertise the radical difference between the devices is shameful.2.) Another major consequence is one of the coolest features of the 3G Tabs is not present here, HDMI out.  HDMI out does not work on the Wi-Fi only version.  Probably a result of Sammy putting the Wi-Fi only Tab a generation behind the 3G version.3.) Finally, this really cemented my decision to return it.  I can handle the inferior performance, grudgingly, but I can take it.  I can't handle the fact that this device is Wi-Fi only and it doesn't properly connect to Wi-Fi.  When I first got the device I had trouble connecting it to networks.  After resetting it like 5 times and assigning a static IP address to it, it finally randomly worked.  Then, after a couple of weeks and no change on my part I got the same connection problems!  Now, after a few more resets, I finally had it.  Less you think its just me, google Galaxy Tab Wi-Fi problems and marvel at how widespread they are.Simply put, Samsung is launching new tablets next month (June 8th), and they've clearly given up on the current Tab despite it launching only a couple of weeks ago.  Save your money and wait, I promise you this device will only bring frustration.