I've done a quiet of bit of research and narrowed it down to three tablets: Samsung Galaxy 10.1, Asus Transformer and Acer Iconia A500. All three tablets are pretty much identical in terms of CPU, GPU and RAM. The biggest differences between them are LCD and external ports.Galaxy 10.1 has the best screen among the three, it's using AMOLED which offers exceptional colors and contrast. Transform comes in second with IPS LED, which also provide excellent colors and contrast, but not as good as AMOLED. Iconia uses standard laptop LCD, which was a concern of mine.Iconia A500 screen is actually an excellent one, excellent colors, contrast and viewing angle. Black color is a challenge for all LCD screen. The only time when I notice the black or the lack of it; is in video media. Black is showing in solid black (90% black) in all other situation.For example, I was watching Prince of Persia on Netflix stream (BTW, no frame drop issue for me, Netflix stream runs perfectly), the night scene is almost unwatchable due to the black color shows as washout gray. But its HD trailer on Youtube doesn't suffer from the same effect. So it must have something to do with how video is compressed. Maybe Netflix is using a different color gamma. Colors and contrast are nice and sharp in game, web and pdf docs.If you plan to watch a lot of movies, Galaxy 10.1's AMOLED is the best option. It's almost as good as plasma. But Galaxy 10.1 lacks of ports and has no memory card reader. Iconia A500 offers a full size USB port which can be connect to many USB peripherals.This is one slippery tablet to hold, due to its glass and aluminum backing. A case stand is a must.  VERTEKS (TM) Acer Iconia Tab A500 A501 10.1-Inch Android Tablet Multi-Angle Slim-Fit Leather Folio Case Cover (Black) is an excellent one.Lastly, I'm not noticing wifi issue that some reviewers have reported. I was able to watch many hours of netflix streaming at 50% wifi signal without any frame rate dropping issue. One complaint, it comes with a 4' power adapter which can't even reach the desk from the floor. So be prepare to buy an extra one with longer cord.