Got for xmas....love it.  Wanted a tablet/ipad for awhile but didn't want to shell out too much money.  Also wanted to make sure it worked for me and what I wanted it to do.  I like and respect the ipad but strongly dislike the lack of compatibility (hdmi, usb) and multitasking (open new tabs easily, have multiple programs running).  Apple makes great products, but as an "intermediate tech guy" i want more!!!  So looked elsewhere....asus, acer, blackberry because of compatibility.Pros:Size - personally i love the 7", smart phone too small, 10" a lil much.  Can put in my jeans back pocket, not a perfect fit, but keyword is fit.Multitasking - awesome. (you can read that as "awesome period"). Really is great.  All windows/applications run in the background (option to turn off if desired i.e. window/app will still be up but not running).  Swipe and go to the next.Compatibility - acts essentially as an external hard drive.  Micro-usb to usb in computer (cord included), click and drag files. Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint on playbook preinstalled!!  Adobe for pdfs!!  I put all my old notes from college on it to try, perfect, you can open all those file types and edit them (and can have each open in their own windows too!!).  Note: playbook doesn't have preinstalled files/folders navigation for some reason, but can get free or $1-2 app's to do this, then just like a comp, open/navigate files/folders.HDMI - honestly haven't tried yet but i'm sure that's fine....should prob check though.Blackberry Bridge - don't have a blackberry phone but if you do, this feature seems cool.Cons:Power button - Small.....but responsive and not that bad.  very manageable.Apps - not as expansive as ipad/android but adequate.  Note:  in feb 2011 android app compatibility is coming to the public (available now if you know what you're doing - demo/test 2.0 version out.....googled it)Apple, Android, and RIM (research in motion, blackberry) are the real tablet choices.  All are solid.  I went with and am pleased with RIM.  Not as big of market share, but they are in it and have a dedicated following to pump out apps and updates.  I could go on about how much I enjoy this tablet but I can't add anymore chapters to this novel, even though i'd like too :)Real review.  My "educated" opinion/evaluation.  It's a cool toy and a practical machine for work.