I purchased this iPad (wifi/16gb, used) a week or so ago through Amazon and am very happy with it.> I can read all my e-text books with it!!Some of my text are compatible with kindle, some are not, but the ability to download apps to accommodate both makes this ideal for the increasing number of e-text books I have for my classes. My campus book store says their e-texts are not compatible with hand-held devices, but the iPad is enough like a computer that I can get around that oversight.There are also apps to where I can download and read PDF files and other misc text for class.Super useful to have this on the side while I use my computer for the more intricate school work.I can read my texts and other books better than I would in print and FAR easier than I would have on my computer screen. Being able to zoom-in on the text makes it easy on my eyes and the full-color screen displays the graphs very naturally. I'm so happy to have this instead of a traditional text book (and at $250 it cost just as much as some single-use printed texts).> Aside from being an e-reader, it's pretty much a very-large iPhone.The internet displays pages nicely. Some pages even look better on iPad than on my computer. I generally just use one page at a time though, computer still has it beat on multi-tasting.I like the email, when the iPad is displaying on it's side, you can see your inbox and selected message at the same time, making it easy to flip through them quickly. I prefer to check my email on the iPad.I like that I don't have to start it up. I can quickly check my email, look in a book, or do some basic web browsing without starting up (like I do my computer).> This does not replace my computer, and I never asked it to.Some people have iPads instead of computers, in which case buying the oldest model is probably not what they're going for. But as an e-read and mid-point between computing and iPhone, this is great.It's light enough to carry like a book, and low-profile enough to take where a computer would seem conspicuous or in the way.The only downside, is that I wish I'd bought one with more memory. I can see with how much I'll use it, I may need to upgrade eventually to fit more on it.