This tablet did not live up to all the hype for me to be completely happy.  I went to the Apple store and this was the only one near my price range.  I loved all the apps Apple provides but the 16 GB limit, work document limitations and the steep price forced me to return it.  This is not to say that I wouldn't be back for the next generation because I will, hoping that the price comes down and the features are improved.I loved the book reading option (comes in handy for trips) and viewed movies looked  great.  I did not find the screen too glossy for viewing as noted by some but then I added a protective skin to the screen.  Playing games on this device was fun for this novice.  The ipad does not allow for multitasking so listening to music on this device is not really an option I would use.  The iwork application needs lots of improvement, it was slow and did not always work for me.  The battery life was good, it allowed for weekend use (a little more then 7 hours?) before having to recharge.  It was easy to use but I had a hard time connecting it to my printer.  The ipad is slim and lightweight, easy to carry around but invest in a protective sleeve.  It was slower then I'd like to adjust after turning on its side (comparing it to my ipod) but that's getting picky.I think this tablet is a great media device but touting it as an all-in-one is over reaching.  I have yet to find the gadget that has the perfect blend of media, portability (with healthy battery life) and document functions.  I am looking into the Gigabyte M912x Notebook Umpc 160g 8.9" Touchnote Mr or the Lenovo S10-3t 0651-37U 10.1-Inch Multitouch Netbook (Black).  They're around the same price point and have  touchscreens that swivels to fold into a tablet and then fold back into a netbook for protection.You buy an Apple product for the cool apps and this device is no different.  I love the concept of the gadget but need it to perform more work to justify the purchase to myself.  I do not need another media device.  I have my fingers crossed that the 2nd generation will be better.