I bought my wife an Ipad3 which she loves and it is the only computer/device she has been able to show any interest in.I have always been a bit tech and have a desktop, Dell Duo Laptop/tablet (flip touch screen), Nexus 7 and now a Playbook which I use in conjunction with my company Blackberry Bold 9900.So how does the Playbook compare to the Ipad, both work well and would be rated 5 stars in the area's they are designed for.Both have ease of us, both have good screens both have plenty of apps (has anyone ever loaded 400,000 apps on Ipad or Android device) if people were honest I bet they use 10 at most.I do not think the number of Apps should even be a consideration. Do a search on the internet on how people use their Ipads. I am sure this is true for other devices.What I like about the Playbook over the Ipad,1. Multi Tasking2. Gestures (no constant pressing a button to change apps)3. Blackberry Bridge (with my bold connected it is superb)4. HDMI output - this works great with any TV, it uses the full screen (not like IPad) no extra accessories (only cable, not like the Ipad) it can also use the Bold's touch screen and keypad for input.5. The size - Ipad have just woke up to this with the Ipad Mini.6. The build - as good as the Ipad if not better.7. The price - recent discounting gives you 4 64gb Plybooks for 1 64gb Ipad.8. The mini usb port far more friendly that the Ipad (Apple cannot even stick to one format).I think the Ipad is great but has it limitation, the Playbook is great and combined with a BlackBerry Bold it is a great business tool.On balance I think the Playbook wins out just on the points above but I am always open to persuasion.I hope this helps anyone wanting to choose.I have not mentioned the Nexus 7 but it is good and a treat for those that like to change things all the time, with the correct firmware it is the fastest tablet, but not for the faint hearted.Also if you want to see what the playbook can achieve go here and have a look at the video not an Ipad in site in the Porsche  [...]