I've had this for about a week, and I really like it, so far. I'm giving it a five star, for now, because I haven't run into anything I dislike about it, yet. Is it perfect? No. Being a netbook naturally means that there are going to be compromises. Every netbook I considered had 1GB RAM and a fairly small 5400rpm hard drive, which makes the computer a lot slower than its potential. But, I can't complain about the RAM or the hard drive, since I planned to upgrade both, even before I chose the particular model I would buy.The first thing I did, when I got the Lenovo home (and after playing around with it for about an hour), was to pop out the hard drive, store it in a safe location, and install a Seagate 500GB 7200rpm hard drive. The second thing I did was to install Red Hat's Fedora 12 on the newly installed hard drive. Linux tends to have a smaller footprint on the hard drive, than Windows, and doesn't require as much RAM, either. And without the ActiveX overhead, it's an ideal OS for a netbook. With those two upgrades installed, I saw an immediate and noticeable performance increase. The RAM upgrade will have to come later, since I've had to temporarily tighten my budget, due to an unforeseen expense, just two days after my purchase. But when I do upgrade the RAM, I expect to see another noticeable performance increase.Some of the things I really like about this little wonder:  - Seems very solid and well-made.  - Long, long battery life, even with the 7200rpm drive installed. I'm getting 6+ hours, before I plug it into the wall socket (and even then, it claims to have 1+ hours of charge left).  - Nice keyboard. Description says chiclet keys, but I don't think the copy writer knows what chiclet keys are. The resemblance to chiclet keys, in this case, is only superficial. The feel is nice and solid, like a real keyboard, not rubbery, or toy-like.  - Screen is clear and sharp. Of course, I'd like it to have a higher resolution, but it's one of those compromises I mentioned previously. Besides, a higher resolution would mean that the netbook would have to be bigger, which would defeat the whole concept, or else the screen text would be unreadably small.I may revisit this review in a month or two, as I use the netbook more, but as of now, I believe it is well worth the price I paid for it. I'm very satisfied.