When the iPad was first announced in January my reaction was ho-hum. I thought it was just another uninteresting gadget. Then, in April after they were released I tried a couple of them at a univerity and immediately felt that I must have one.This is the kind of device I have long waited for, a fantastic tool for reading technical manuals and books, access to internet, weather radar, GPS information, e-mail, etc. Having communications available anywhere anywhere I can get wifi or AT&T; cellular is more than just a novelty for me, it has become important and useful. iPad is a surprisingly good tool for writing. Some really excellent apps, like the iAnnotate PDF reader, which is vastly better than the Adobe reader (and it allows you to create your own bookmarks and annotations in the PDF.) In summary, the iPad redefines what a personal computer is for me.Addressing some concerns I and others have had:1) It requires you to have a PC or Mac so you can initially set it up, and you need to connect to your PC to perform some kinds of operations, like setting up some e-mail accounts.2) Eye strain has not been an issue for me, and I use it mostly for reading. The display is fantastic.3) The keyboard seemed at first glance like it would be horrible. This is not the case at all. I am surprised at how good it is, and I can touch type with it efficiently when using the wide screen, or use it in Blackberry fashion when using the narrow screen.4) There have been some usability issues on web sites because not all of them support the iPad yet, at least not fully. There seems to be an effort afoot to replace Flash with a new standard, but meanwhile many videos cannot be viewed because the iPad does not support Flash.5) Magazine subscriptions are not widely available for the iPad.6) I am a life-long "book person", and have had bad previous experience with electronic books and PDF documents. I must honestly say that reading with the iPad has been superior to using a physical book in all ways but one: the ability to pre-read the book quickly, and as I use it more, I think I will find ways to approximate the value of a good preread. It's truly amazing. I have not tried the latest Kindle and similar devices, but I assume they are comparable to the iPad in readability and responsiveness. If you are a book person and resist these electronic gadgets, as I did, I recommend you try one out at a time when you can spend at least 15 minutes with one. It may sell itself when you become familiar with it.