aVelocity Micro T103 Cruz 7-Inch Android 2.0 Tablet (Black)I received my Velocity Micro T103 Cruz just today and it was "Refurbished" so I guess that is why I couldn't turn it on at first, but as soon as I plugged it in to the wall plug it did turn on and it began to charge..  It took about 5 hours to fully charge and I'm hoping that it won't take that long next time...  Ok besides that..This tablet is very responsive, pretty amazing, I think.. It pretty much looked BRAND NEW!! Thank you "Remington Retail"  I just can't wait to see how much this tablet can do, I have no wi-fi in my home, but when I do get to access wi-fi, I promise I will update and let you all know, how awesome I'm sure it will work...I wanted to add, my 12 year old never stopped telling me that this tablet would be "cheesy" well, now she is crying and she will have to wait until Christmas.. LOL!!!!The reason for the 4 stars is because I haven't been able to use wi-fi and fully play with it yet, but so far so Awesome!! :)REVIEW CONTINUED:I finally have Wi-fi!! At first every time I typed something in the search engineand hit enter, it would go right back to the search engine and it was gettingextremely annoying and I thought the product was damaged, well thanks to mywonderful 12 year old daughter, she went to the following link on the "Velocity Micro Cruz website and found this quick and easy repair.Why does my browser close every time it loads Google?Affects tablets:  * T100 series tablets  * T301 tablets[...]It was unbelievable how quickly it began to work.  So yay it works perfectly fineafter that.YOUTUBE..  My cruz tablet happens to be a 2.2 so I downloaded the appropriate app for it from the Cruz Market and yes you can see youtube videos but not all of them, the resolution isn't that great either but it does work on some videos and I was pleased, still need to figure out if there is a way to save the videos or download them on the cruz so you can watch without being online. I don't have an sd card slot on my desktop computer so I hope I can find another way.THE SCREEN.  The screen gets dirty immediately when touched, smears all over the screen, that is one thing that I'm not to thrilled about at all, it seems that it can never look clean unless you don't use it at all. LolOh one more thing, every so often you do need to put a pin or needle on top of the cruz, you will see the little reset hole.I am pretty happy with my little tablet!! :)