I love this device!  The 1080p HD display is stunning!  Other tablets have fancy names for their display, this one delivers true 1080P HD video.  The Operating System is a true multi-tasking OS, so you can run numerous apps simultaneously.  Play music while browsing the Internet, while you have Excel open working on your spreadsheet... just like on a personal desktop computer.  The built-in wireless lets me connect to my home or corporate network with ease, as well as hot-spots, and browse the web with speed.  There's even a Remote Desktop app so you can log on to other computers on your network.Speaking of the web, the BB Playbook has a real web browser with Adobe PDF reader, HTML5, Flash, and everything else you need to browse the web.  This is a true tabbed browser, letting you open multiple pages in tabs, just like on your home PC. The Favorites page has thumbnails/logos of each page.  The built-in speakers have surprisingly good sound, although you probably want bluetooth or wired speakers if you're going to be listening live in your living room, and earphones for personal use.The BB Playbook has USB 2 and HDMI ports, so you can use the Playbook to drive a large screen HDTV by using an HDMI cable.  Even more than that, you can use your Blackberry smart phone as a remote control device/mouse.  Hook the Playbook to your big screen, use you BB smartphone as a mouse, and you have an instant presentation machine, using the built-in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint or PDF, web browser, e-amil, YouTube or whatever you want.  You can also open files that are on your BB smartphone directly on the Playbook!  Transferring files from my PC to the BB Playbook is a snap, you just use Windows to transfer the files from your local Documents or Library to the Playbook network Public folder - drag and drop, nothing to it.It has a native e-mail app that I use for my Yahoo! and Hotmail accounts, and I use BB Bridge to connect to my corporate Exchange mailbox.  The Playbook also has Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync, so you can connect the native e-mail app directly to your corporate mail.After only a week, we have been using it for:-tracking medications-creating spreadsheets (such as home inventory)-email (3 separate accounts) and web browsing-youtube player-online shopping-music player & video player-alarm clock and timer-eBook reader-apps: Resistor color codes, audio sinewave generator, eBook reader (native), piano player, various social games, dictionary, Bible w/ text and text-to-speech.There are also good speech to text and text to speech aps.Unlike some popular tablets, this tablet is not merely a web browser/email reader, Angry Birds player, or some toy to keep your kids or cats occupied, it's a real personal and business productivity machine.