First of all I am not a fandroid and we bought a xoom and an ipad 2 at the same time.(I bought the ipad for my wife)Not everything you hear about the xoom is true..First, it is true that the Android honeycomb os is not very stable and some apps tend to crash more than others..it is something I have gotten used to already..it doesn't really bother me because reloading an app is lightning fast...much faster than the ipad, for example.  Albeit not as often, apps on my ipad2 crash as well...they just don't tell you when it happens and merely returns to the home screen.Flash was not shipped with the xoom but I downloaded it from the Android market immediately and it works flawlessly. I have been watching internet videos off the chrome browser.The only time I use the ipad is when I am facetiming with my family who live outside of us because that is one of the most convenient features of it...otherwise it is just a big iPod.The live wallpaper is one of the best features of android...making the device appear "alive "and so much sexier.Widgets is a must have...especially the YouTube one. It is designed like a Rolodex and let you flip through the videos you subscribed to.Notification and multitasking work great together - eg. You are watching a video and you get an email notification,  it tells you who sent it with a small pop up and you can click on it to check on it...when you are done, all you do is press the back button and you are back to the video...no need to reload the app like the ipad does all the time.Almost all the android apps for phones work on the xoom even though there are only 67 apps designed for android honeycomb. And the apps work great.On the negative side, the xoom is heavier than the ipad..using it as a handheld gaming device can be tiresome...that's why I bought their case/stand which is quite useful (much better than the ipad magnetic cover.The other negative is HD video. The HD video you shot with the xoom looks great, but HD video has to be ripped using the basic profile at a lower bit rate or else it will be choppy.otherwise, SD contents play just fine.HDMI cable has to be bought separately, but that is a great feature...looks beautiful on my led TV. Unlike the ipad which requires the apple TV to see shows on your TV, this works right out of a box.I have been using it everyday for several hours a day and I like it a lot. I don't understand why this is not selling well. It is a much better product than the ipad2. As soon as people realize how good this is and more tablet apps are available, android tablets will dominate like they do with the smart phones market.