First off the biggest decision maker for me was price. Yes the $500 and $600 dollar tablets are going to work great. The $200 or less ones are NOT going to work. Some how Viewsonic was able to get just the right amount of hardware (10" screen, SD expansion, 1.3 Mb cam, Dual core, wifi, and 16GB internal) for just $300. Then you add in the fact that it is the easiest tablet to modify with home-brew Android OS's and I say this is an iPad killer. Or at least as close to an iPad killer as you are going to get for HALF the price of an iPad. Like a lot of users I installed a new interface. The g-tab comes with TapNtap installed and the newest version is OK but it does lag and will crash on you several times. I installed TNTlite 4.4 (thanks to all the guys at xda-developers I was able to get this installed in less then an hour with NO experience. I know computers and have some common since when it comes to electronics so I was able to work it out. The main issue that I had was all the tutorials that guides that I watched were based off the old TapNtap interface (3588) and yours may come with (4349). So do some reading at xda-developers and they can fix almost anything. Once I had my tab back down to a 3588 interface it was really easy to install newer faster more stable User interfaces and there are several to choose from. Also there are several youtube videos that really help. So YES even you can mod this device. If you just need this tab for web surfing checking email  and playing Angry Birds then you will be fine right out of the box. The next biggest issue for some is the viewing angle. I haven't seen other screens but this one is fine. Yes it can be hard to see if you lay it on the table then try to see if form 3 feet away. But if you are holding the tablet in your hands  (were it is supposed to be) then it is bright and sharp(1080p looks great). Hope this helps. In closing if your in the market for a tablet BUY this one. I am going to recommend it to all my family and friends and may even pick up a second one next time they are on sale.