UPDATE: After doing the free upgrade to Android ICS (which was relatively easy) I am happy to report that I no longer have wifi issues - it connects fine everywhere.  Also, after checking the "allow plugins" option in FireFox Beta, I no longer have Flash problems either.  Changing the rating to 5*s now.  Hopefully, Le Pan gets more recognition so that there are more accessories out there altho LePanTab.com's store has gotten better.For the price, this tablet cannot be beat.  There are a lot of cheaper tablets out there but this has solid build quality (love the metal accents), sharp responsive screen (not sure if it is Gorilla Glass I have read that it is & some say it isn't), long battery life (over 8 hours) & has all the little extras built in like GPS.It comes with 1 30 pin cord & so far you can only order another thru the company itself.  Altho if you shave down the plastic parts on an Apple cord, it works.The downside of the tablet is that it takes a long time to charge (altho the long battery life negates that).  The buttons are rather small & hard to press on the curved surface but that is to be expected when you want this thing to be thin & light.  The speakers are on the back which can be muffled if laying down or in a case.  It has rebooted itself on me occasionally but the boot time is fairly quick so not that annoying (yet).Flash works just fine when I use the YouTube app but if a video is embedded in a website, it does not work - tried in both the default browser & FireFox.The biggest complaint is the wifi does not always work - altho I suspect it has more to do with the hotspot than the tablet itself (or at least the compatibility of the 2).  In most places, it connects immediately with no problems but when I am at work/school it will not pick up a signal or it will take hours before it does (altho my phone & laptop find it).  If it did this everywhere I would claim it defective but it is only in the same wifi areas so who knows ...This is my 1st Android product so not much to say there but I so far prefer Symbian as it communicates more with you - like letting you see what apps are running & stopping them w/out having to download an app.  Speaking of apps, there are soooo many in the Play Market that it can be overwhelming to pick which one to use.Got the Targus Truss case for the HP TouchPad which fits this perfectly.  Hopefully this brand will become more popular and we will start to see dedicated accessories that fit it without adding bulk/size.In sum, if you are looking for the cheapest tablet that is decent, reliable & all the bells & whistles, this is the one for you.