I am someone who can read like 2-3 books at one time, I have had a sony PRS-505 for years now and would not give it up for my life.  Recentley i purchased a tablet and really enjoyed that you could read books with a backlight and in color, beacause of that i went on the hunt for a color ebook. Now when Barnes and Noble started to come out with their ebooks I did not like them, I didnt like the desgin, when i would mess with them at Barnes and Nobel they just seemed redundant and to annoying to work with.  So When the Nook HD came out i researched and fell in love, I am soo happy i made this purchase.  I did not buy it from amazon as my local Kmart had it for 199.00 and you were able to put it in lay-a-way.  Some of the features this product needed to have were expandable memory, and screen functions to turn down backlight and make font bigger when needed. The screen resolution on this item in really nice, the touch screen is super responsive and the quality of the reading and easyness of use makes this an everyone can use product.  It is called a tablet and can be used that way, as you can get on the internet, access email, and also watch netflix if you choose but i wanted a color ebook not a smaller tablet so i really cant tell you how well it works as a tablet. I can tell you if you are looking for a good color Ereader this is the one i would recomend, like i said it is easy to use litteraly two pushes to open a book or access library page flipping is easy and controlls to make fonts larger or smaller, change paper color, even change font appearence are easy.  Also Barnes and Noble stores books on the cloud network for you when you take them off of you shelf. Magazines are interactive, and picture books for children are vibrant and enjoyable.  You can add up to 32gb of extra memory in micro miny memory card slot and the battery i have found if you turn off wifi can last you up to 2-3 weeks.  My sony lasted me about 1-2 months on a single charge so the two to three weeks is not that bad for me.  My 5y/o nephew can work this ebook very easily without help or instruction so like i said it is very versitile.