Let me say first off that I never give 5 stars on electronics. It's really hard to impress me that much. As such, the Thrive did. I've got it set up with the free Hacker Keyboard app to emulate a desktop keyboars when not using my Logitech Bluetooth keyboard, and use the PenGo stylus for drawing. Stellar experience any way. I'm typing this review using the keyboard app, as a matter of fact, and can type almost as fast as on a standard keyboard.Pros:- Great battery life. Don't know the hours measurement,but I use it almost contstantly every day and charge it at night. Charges in flash.- Works very well for taking notes, which is what I got it for. Plays games pretty well too, but that's not why I bought it.- Got a factory refurb and it looks and performs like new for $100 less- Protable, lightweight, easy to use- I can even do programming on it using a Terminal program, even ssh to the Computer Engineering servers to do my homework. With the Bluetooth keyboard, it might even be better at it than my 12" HP tablet pc laptop.- Rotates all four directions... confused the heck out of my boyfriend for a few minutes :DCons:- Freezes occasionally. Fix this by just holding the power button until it shuts off and the LED blinks once, then power onas normal. Had to do this six or seven times so far.- Refused to boot after one of the above resets, but I just held the volume up key while powering on and cold-booted and it worked.- Sometimes when locked, the power button won't wake it, even with the lock slider set to off- Even on a 10" screen, no soft keyboard will be comfortable enough for long periods of use. Get a Bluetooth keyboard. Trust me on this.- Not many cases for it that I like, but I'm picky. I wanted a silicone skin like I have on my phone, but that still allows use of the multimedia dock. No luck.- Fingerprint magnet. Solved by using a stylus, but that only works as long as you aren't typing on the screen.All in all though, I'm very impressed and the pros greatly outweight the cons in my mind.