Well, I was first excited to experience my first ever tablet as I was already using my HTC Desire HD. But you know, you get what you pay for. This is definitely a good tablet among those cheap Chinese tablet available in amazon but not upto the mark.Build-up: 2.5*/5Pretty good than other $100s, but not the metal one. Its plastic, and no glass on the screen, its also plastic. That makes touch more resistive. If it falls from like 1-2 feet, it can easily break. So not for rough users.Display: 2*/5Very bad, not LCD type. Picture quality on screen is VGA, that makes this tablet ordinary. 720p Video, yes, it offers that. But not impressive. Brightness is dull.Performance: 1*/5Poor. Keeps restarting often. 512mb RAM makes it very slow, and if you are android smart phone user, u might be using widgets and other application those use good amount of memory. This one is not for you guys, sorry. When memory is full, it crashes, and restarts. No use of using android without widgets. So poor performance-wise.Camera: 1*/5Joke. Camera was the biggest joke. It just captures pictures for me. I cant do skype on that, it just takes pictures. Very poor quality. One and only front VGA camera is very slow in reacting, and very sluggish. Cant talk on skype or Yahoo due to poor quality. No light on the camera.App Store: 1*/5Yes, it doesn't come with Android market, but it has Apps lib, you can find few apps there, but poorly made. If you are tech Savvy, you can download android market and do it, but that doesn't make any difference. You can download apps, but this device doesn't support all apps. ONLY FEW. Yes its correct, only few apps are supported by this device.Touch: 1*/5Very poor.I had used resistive touch in past on my phone, but this is very poor, doesn't work even with stick given with it. Stylus or plastic stick, doesn't matter, u can use any. But this device has very poor touch. I personally recommend you to buy captative touch-screen device, you will surely love it.Final word: GO get HP or Dell streak with few more bcks and stay away from this kind of craps. Best of luck, if you are still buying one. I already  returned it and got full refund, thanks to amazing Amazon.com