I investigated tablets for a long time, trying to decide which one to get.  I finally narrowed it down to the Toshiba Thrive because of the external storage options.  I wanted a full size USB as well as SD card options.  This has both, as well as micro USB and the HDMI ports.  I use the USB port to hook up a USB expander and I hook up my keyboard, my mouse and when I use one--a flash drive.  I use the SD card slot as well.  I knew that I would be using my tablet like a laptop, so I wanted those options, that's why the other tablets didn't appeal to me.  I also like to have external storage, I don't like to be forced to save my data in a "cloud".  I got my tablet (the Toshiba Thrive 32gb) about a month ago, and I am so happy with it.  I have been able to do everything I wanted to so far.  I was thrilled with the idea of having a laptop-like device that could sync with my phone, therefore all of my apps, contacts, info. etc. was easily available on my tablet, literally within minutes I was up and running.  All I had to do was download my apps and voila--I could access all my "stuff" on either my tab or my phone.  I can print my docs wirelessly to my home printer as well.I must say, if you are like me--and want some control over your devices and their functionality--this is the way to go!  Each day I use my tablet more and more, it is so awesome, the functionality is great, and the big screen is great!  I don't even need my glasses to see it!  Bonus!!I haven't used the camera, as I keep my tablet in the faux leather keyboard case, so it's not really accessible, but let's face it, a 10 inch tablet is a little too big to be lugging around as a camera!  I use my phone for photos.As far as internet, I tether it to my phone's hot spot, it works exceptionally well.The tablet itself is a little heavy, and a little thicker than the newer models out there--this is because of the full size USB port I believe, but if you're looking for lightweight, you're gonna have to go with something newer and more expensive, but less flexible.  You just have to weigh your needs/wants in a tablet.  When using the tablet out of the case, it is really easy to hold on to because of the rubberized backing, you don't feel like it's gonna slip out of your hands.Honestly though, if you want something with all the port options this has, you will not be disappointed because all of its features measure up.A great buy for the money.  Enjoy!