Last Xmas I gave my roommate an iPad and I've been green with envy.  So this year, she got her revenge and gifted me with this tablet.Let me start with my sole complaint, that would be the speakers.  In a word, they really do not perform well.  The sound is tinny and thin, worse than a transistor radio.  I downloaded an app for an equalizer and that did not improve the sound all that much.  Listening on headphones is perfectly fine, however.  (Update January 5, 2012) Another user recommended the AYL mini speakerAYL (TM) Portable Mini Speaker System for PC / Phone / Tablet / Apple iPod Touch / iPhone 4 / iPad / MP3 Player (Black) which I just received and it does the trick, audio is 100% improved.  I also learned in reading various Thrive forums, you can also fiddle with the audio output using the mutimedia tab in settings (and not simply the volume control in settings).  That also improved the sound quality.  I'm 100% happy, no complaints.Now, what do I love.  Number 1 is not being tied to iTunes.  I've found plenty of apps in the android market to keep me entertained and functioning.  Not having to sync with iTunes is a real blessing to me.The browser is nice and the wifi set up was up and connected in seconds.  I was able to configure several email accounts without any problem.  The kindle app works beautifully and I'm set with reading material for some time.The battery charges quickly and seems to hold a decent charge.  I like the option of keeping a spare battery on hand.Netflix streams nicely, the video and screen clarity are fine. I will be using headphones, so the sound will be no problem.  Must be me, but I do not see an appreciable difference between the Thrive and the iPad. The iPad does have great speakers, though.The ability to expand the memory is great.  I also hooked up my digital camera and transferred images (large high quality) very quickly.I'm very happy with this tablet, it does everything  I want.  So far, I can't find anything wanting except the speakers.  I'll keep the iPod for the music.This is a great tablet, I'm totally thrilled with the Thrive.