I was highly anticipating the arrival of the Archos 7 Home Tablet.  Since having it for almost one week, I have tested just about every feature it comes with.  Like most reviewers, the touch screen is a little picky, but I like that feature as compared to my HTC phone which is hypersensitive and I make many mistakes.  The WiFi feature is really above my expectations and connects to my internet immediately.  I have done a lot of surfing with it and it never fails to impress me.  What I really like is the quality of the videos...simply outstanding. The music system is also very good and I like not having to deal with iTunes (all systems should be drag and drop).  What was most impressive was the bookreader.  It comes with a couple of books for you to load and the quality is really good.  I have loaded a couple of apps games for my grandson and the unit really delivers.  I don't want to forget the photo feature and the slide shows you can do with it. What Archos has delivered is really outstanding, especially considering the price.  If I want an iPad that connects to the internet, try $650 or more and the cost of a data package.  Archos really hit a home run with this one, especially going with the android OS.I recently had a company, named Boxwave, manufacture a screen protector for my Archos 7 Home Tablet.  I had tried several screen protectors, but the best one out there is made by Boxwave.  Unfortunately, they told me they did not have one for the Archos. However, they said if I would take the measurements and send to them, they would manufacture one for me. I have used their screen protectors on my phone and they are outstanding.  Also, I did not like the reflection of the Archos screen or the other screen protectors.  Boxwave manufactured one out of anti-reflective material.  I just received it last week and put it on.  What a difference it makes and the touch screen appears to be more sensitive than without it.  That makes a big difference to me.  I highly recommend Boxwave for the screen protector.