I can now see why Apple is King in the tablet and smartphone market. I thought having a "true" Android experience would make the experience smoother and more enjoyable. I was wrong. This device automatically updated to Jelly Bean 4.2. I like that. The update was fast and seemless.However, having used the Android OS in the past, I knew where everything was. With JB 4.2 things are changed and, personally I found them more complicated and hard to get to. Synchronization and Background data disabling just to mention a few. You also can't kill your most recent apps like you were prior to JB. You can only do so one by one. That's ridiculous.Seemingly, I erroneously assumed JB would've eliminated unwanted and needless apps populating in the background, thereby minimizing sucking your measly 1 GB or memory (RAM). Nope, not even with background data disabled.  I had to install GoLauncher to easily kill the apps and a few other apps like FMR cleaner Fast Reboot to do this on a regular basis. The amount of memory rescued or obtained is simply obscene. I can disable all "push" or notification settings but that won't help.Google Chrome is a joke with JB. You get tabs and you can't get full screen view. Kinda defeats the purpose on the tablet. At the same time, you can do so with the Chrome version on iOS 6. The same with Google Maps, no full screen view.I find the device's overall responsiveness rather sluggish, even right after you do a fresh or clean install (restore). There is no comparison to the iPhone or iPad which is silky smooth unless you update your old device with the latest firmware update which can be a problem. Case in point: updating the iPhone 4 or iPod Touch 4G to iOS 6.It's quite ironic though. I have the iPhone 5 now. I said to myself, that is going to be my last Apple device I will own unless Apple get's their act together. Now, I am having second thoughts. If a pure Android device like Nexus 7 can perform not well (to my expectations) then how can I expect,  say a Samsung Galaxy 5 or 6 to be much better? After all, Google is NOT known to listen to their customers. They are known to have very horrible customer service and don't respond to customer feedback at all. Look at how they did with the launch of previous Nexus products especially with the Nexus 4 phone?  Let's just hope that with Microsoft and Windows 8 back in the game, the smartphone market will become very cut-throat where ultimately the consumer wins.