I really liked this 7" Tab (GT-P1010) at first. It's most useful function is web surfing.Now, after several months of use, it's SLOOOOOOOW to load and update pages and locks up occasionally for no particular reason. I've uninstalled every unnecessary app but whether using the default Browser or Dolphin, it's more frustrating than useful.It's also inaccurate for when inputting via keyboard. Oftentimes the keyboard adds wild characters all by itself.Forget firmware updates. You are stuck with whatever it came with. And if you think Samsung will be any help, think again. I put "GT-P1010" in Samsung's product support page and got "no results."I have to say Apple's major firmware updates work a whole lot better. First, because they happen at all and second, because they are seamless and reliable. Android is buggy and needs fixing on this Samsung Tablet. Samsung's "answer" is to buy a new tablet.The device has two cameras and would be ideal for video chatting, but won't work with Skype. Apparently it needs the next version of Android. (See above concerning that impossibility.) But who knows if the next-up model will work either?These things all want to be Apple but simply fall short.One nice thing is that most Flash content is supported when web surfing. Apple is way lacking here. I used an iPad 1 for some time and it's pretty frustrating that it simply ignores so much content.Bottom line is I won't buy another wannabe Samsung device like this that lacks firmware updates. (I did the same thing looking for the perfect mp3 player: everyone tried to sell the "iPod killer" and I spent more money trying to avoid the iPod. Then I bought an iPod3 and later an iPhone4 and understood how excellent their engineering and software and OS are and how with OS updates the devices continually get better even after you make the purchase.) They are too expensive to throw away and Samsung can't or won't fix the bugs. Thus you are stuck with an expensive, buggy toy that's frustrating to use. No thank you.