From my understanding.  Windows runs Windows.  Consume's alot of power doing so.Technology moves on.  Cell phones could do more if they had operating system.  ...Android is born.This thing seem's great. My son is being punished so he has to wait until the weekend to recieve it, and it should have been here last Friday.. (before the Punishment).  In the mean time I took a quick look around and I am very impressed.  Too small for me, but the tablet market is about to explode and while "Archos" get's a bad rap in some reveiw's, understand they're are reasons way too deep to go into here.Resistive Screen:  You have to know the difference, No "pinch and zoom"....(Double tap and it zooms, and I still have the shipping film on it.)..If resistive sucks Capacitive must cook me dinner..at-least on this screen.Capacitive: Pinch and zoom feature availible, Maybe, depending on the "Hardware and the Software".Understand that the "Android" operating system is developed for Cell Phones, and the first system for Tablets is going to be "Honeycomb"(Android 3.0 ?)  (you don't want anything that will not run Froyo 2.2 if you want to "future proof"..(although the Tegra2 chip will be in the newer Tab's) hardware) ...that is really desinged for this revolution. That does not mean this thing isn't great.For being so small it can tether to a Cell that has 3G and access Internet(haven't tested that but it does have that option in the settings menu). Very cool and no need for another data plan. And even if you dont' have a data plan I think it can do VoiP and it can certainly video chat and text.Alot of Tablets and prices are around but understand you can buy better spec's and change the operating system, for around the same price but you'll have to root it and risk the warrantee, This (mini) tablet seems to work just fine as my 75 yr old Dad played with it for awhile without saying *&%()*&^.If your like me that started researching these before Xmas 0/10 ..This is good/(kids and adults will think its great) Just use common-sense, Meaning, fully charge it, take the protective films off, update the system, and try it out before you write a review) ...LOL Bottom Line is "This is the future" and Archos is very good at producing a quality product and for a "small" company seem's innovative, and way ahead of the "Tablet PC" curve.Will update after the kid uses it.