I have spent more than a week using the iPad and have found many pros and cons which should be considered before purchasing one.Pros: -The opening and closing of applications is very fast making the device very responsive.Watching Youtube video is very much better and clearer than on a PC or iMac.  Sound from the speakers is only OK, however the use of headphones would be recommended. As one who has not the best eyesight, I have found the screen size and quality far superior to that of the iPod or iPhone and a whole lot easier on the eyes.  The visual quality while looking at photos is excellent.  The iPad has freed me to do the basic things I enjoy doing e.g. Facebook & internet browsing without tying up the family's iMac. This has certainly lead to peace of mind in that quarter.Cons: -The device cannot have multiple applications running concurrently, therefore you cannot switch between them with any ease. The lack of Flash support has been somewhat irritating and should be taken into consideration.  As a business tool, the iPad should not be considered a replacement of a notebook or laptop.  A PC, iMac or laptop would be far more preferable.  I have used an app called "DocsAnywhere" and imported files via iTunes, which I found useful.  I was able to review said files while traveling by train to a meeting.  Of course, I also brought my laptop along for the journey.  I would prefer to use the iPad to control syncing with iTunes rather than the other way around, other than having to change the settings in iTunes to forestall this happening. Battery life is as promised although recharging is rather slow while connected to a PC or iMac, however recharging will halt if the parent machine goes into power down mode.Future: -The iPad table may well be the forerunner of a technology which will replace portable computers for business use, but that day is not here yet and will not be for some time to come.Conclusion: -For the casual user, I would say that the device is useful for email, Facebook, Youtube and internet browsing. The screen is brilliant while it is turned on. It is crisp, bright, and very easy to see from any angle, however, when turned off, every finger print and swipe is suddenly very visible. The brightness overcomes this issue while the device is on.  I have certainly enjoyed using the device and will for the foreseeable future.