Okay, has anyone every tried to make the leap from Windows to Linux? That's what this feels like. Trying to run Linux on a 486 computer with a 400 MB hard drive. Maybe this is being too technical, but that's what I felt I was doing with this product.Not that Linux is bad, cause it isn't, but there are some things that it won't do as well as Windows and this thing definitely has its limitations.The reference to the 400 MB hard drives is that once you install a small version of Linux on your machine, you don't have much space to install very much else if you plan on customizing the applications you have running on your computer. This thing comes with a 4 gig micro sd card but it doesn't help you if you plan on installing many apps. You quickly run out of space being that this only installs apps to the dedicated system memory. Which at this moment, I cannot recall how big that is. But it's not much. I tried to install an android game of 17 megabytes that was downloaded to the sd card. Could not install it. Would not install it. And that's with only maybe 4 other apps that I had installed. A couple of browsers and some readers apps. The browsers are necessary if you plan on watching any youtube. And good luck on finding those without having any direct access to the android market. Took me forever to find them.On giving credit to Linux for it's capabilities, it is a good operating system. But whenever I've used it, it wasn't for much more then for surfing. Which is about all this item is good for. It would not open or view PDF files very well. The PDF software that everyone mentions on the reviews is for purchase only and only on the android market, which I could not get to because this is Android 2.0.So, to conclude; This is an old android 2.0 box trying to live in and android 2.2 world. It won't do much very well, but it will do somethings ok. If you can live with limited software apps you can install and having to uninstall constantly because of space issues, then you will be okay with this. Keep in mind, the media player is very basic. I did not like it myself. As a reader. It will do. But don't try to open too many PDF files with it. You will find it won't open all of them.