Don't buy an ipad.  Unless you really love touch screens.  The touch screen is about the only thing the ipad really does well.  Apple built its reputation on making great operating systems that were far and away the most user friendly in the business.  No hassle computing.  And true to this spirit, the ipads touchscreen really does open up a whole new world of possibilities to make operating systems even more user friendly.  Apple has done great job of highlighting this potential in the ipad.Unfortunately, what the touch screen has given it, apple's new-found shortsightedness has taken away.  This is not a machine for surfing the web and if you buy one, mainly with that purpose in mind, you will be quite disappointed.  The main reason is the ipad will not run flash player- A technology that is ubiquitous on the web, and something that apple has intentionlly decided not to support.  This means a good portion of web pages that you are used to running flawlessly (on windows and apple OSX) on browsers like Firefox, Chrome, IE, or Safari will simply crash Safari for the ipad.  So if you buy this machine, you won't really get the world-wide-web, you'll get the apple-wide-web. Steve Jobs has commented how flash will (eventually) become unnecessary with HTML 5 and that's why they don't support flash.  Well, maybe...I think it's appropriate to quote John Maynard Keynes here.  Apple, "in the long run, we are all dead," and would love to surf the real web on a great tablet today!Unfortunately, this approach to Flash is sticking with the spirit of the machine in general.  Consider you can only get Apple approved apps at the Apple appstore (unless you want to hack the machine and jailbreak it).  With this machine you ultimately are pushed content that Apple has chosen, rather than given the ability to find the content yourself in an unencumbered access to the jungle of the web.It really sad to see Apple go down this road.  I grew up on Apples and have always paid the extra money for that, oh so friendly, user experience.  It's too bad that a company started by "two guys in their garage" with a vision of great computing has turned into a corporation with a vision of higher returns to the shareholders.  The world would be a better place if Apple just stuck to making the best operating systems in the world and forgot about the whole business of trying to own as much of the world wide web as you can stake your claim on.