The main points that led me to purchase this tablet were:1. Price2. The amount of memory3. The fact that it is a Nexus 7 means that my operating system will always be up to date.Within minutes of turning the device on and connecting to the internet, it was already starting to update the OS. It was all automatic, all I had to do was watch while it rebooted a couple of times. First it updated to the highest version of Jelly Bean, then it rebooted and updated to KitKat 4.4.2. I was concerned that there might be a performance hit, but I am not noticing anything like that at all. I read that some users have had problems updating this Nexus 7 2012 up to KitKat. They experienced a slow down in the operation of the tablet. Perhaps they should have done a factory reset before the upgrade. The slowdown problem that I read about seemed to have to do with a cache that was left on the system at the time of the upgrade. A factory reset would have deleted that, as well as any other legacy files.Because of all of the security issues with outdated operating systems and software that have been happening lately, I came to the decision that I will no longer buy devices that will be left hanging without official OS updates. Windows and Apple both manage to do this for a reasonable amount of time after purchase.  So why can't Google force the device makers to do this, at least for the first few years of ownership?  Until this happens I will not buy Android phones or tablets that are not supported by Google. Phone and tablet makers who are not willing to help extend the life of our devices and keep our data as secure as possible by giving us the latest operating systems should not be supported in my opinion.This tablet is on sale at Best Buy this week for $149, saving ~$100 over what the 2013 Nexis 7 with 32 GB would have cost me.  There will come a day when it will start to feel sluggish, when that happens it will be time for a new tablet. But this one, because it has 32 gigabytes of storage built in, will always be viable as a GPS, music player or for photo slideshows.