My review is based upon the iPad wifi, 32 gb. I have had it about 11 months.If I had to sum up the iPad in two words it would be "needlessly disappointing".  On the surface, it has everything except removable storage. It is fast, can surf the web (sort of), plays video and music, and has apps out the wazoo.  However, it has MAJOR limitations including the lack of removable storage, no real file management system (I don't count syncing video, music and pictures through iTunes as file management), and the much lamented lack of Flash support.I had hoped to be able to use the iPad for work. I am an attorney and wanted something very portable, but big enough to read, that I could use to transport PDFs and other case documents. Apple says "there's an app for that." I tried several including MobileMe, HD Air, and Goodreader. They will allow you to move files to the iPad and view them, but moving multiple files is dicey and takes an inordinately long period of time. The bottom line is that as a substitute for a laptop, the iPad is not ready for prime time.I am not a computer programmer or a web programer so I dont know the technical merits of Flash over HTML 5. What I do know is that about every other web page I have viewed has Flash content that can't be viewed on the iPad. Because Steve Jobs and Adobe are feuding, this does not appear likely to resolve any time soon.  This is a big time deal breaker for me. I don't like the "there's an app for that" solution -- who wants to have to jump back and forth between a half-dozen apps and Safari (the Apple web browser) to do what you should be able to do on just a browser?Another major drawback is the very limited print functionality. Don't buy the hype. AirPrint works with only a small number of HP printers. If you don't own one of these expensive printers, forget printing.The aforementioned problems could be fixed with software, but Apple refuses despite customer complaints. In fact, they have raised customer disrespect to an art form by releasing the iPad 2 with the same limitations.On the pro side it has all the features you would expect of an Apple device. It has a great music player. Videos are superb and with an optional av cable, the iPad can output movies to an HD TV.  I am not a fan of iBook, but the Kindle app is great. In fact, I prefer reading books on the iPad over the Kindle 3 (I like back lighting).My recommendation on this product (and also the iPad 2) is don't buy it unless you can live with the limitations I have noted. The Motorola Xoom has better hardware and purportedly will support Flash in the future. It is more expensive, but might be worth the wait.