My father bought this for my mother for Christmas. She's not very computer-savvy so she asked me to help her get it set up. This tablet has it's good points and it's bad points, obviously. It's still on Android 2.1, which is a bit outdated (especially with new tablets coming out later this year with 3.0). The touch screen seems a bit sluggish, but it really isn't; you just need to get used to a resistive touch screen. That said, if you're expecting an iPad experience here, you will be disappointed. The 256MB of RAM on the device can make it a bit sluggish when you have a lot of apps running (but a task killer app can take care of that pretty easily).One thing I feel needs to be mentioned is the lack of the Google Android Market, and all Google apps. Because of this, you cannot easily download the amazon kindle app (which is WAY better than the Aldiko app that is preinstalled). The app store you get on the Coby Kyros is AppsLib, which is vastly inferior to the official android market. Keep that in mind when considering this product.However, there's something else to keep in mind with this: rooting the device is craaaaazy easy to do (under 30 minutes). "Root"ing a device, in layman's terms, means you (the human user) has near complete control over the device. Rooting the device will allow you to install the google marketplace and get full access to any app you can dream of! It's easy to do and doesn't require any special technical knowledge (you can find the tutorial online).Before the device is rooted (and therefore, before it has the google apps and market), the Coby Kyros is a 3 star product: good for quick internet access, and AppsLib has a few fun games. But that's about it...After the device is rooted (and has the google apps and official market app store), the Coby Kyros is a 4 star product: being able to have whatever app you want is a big bonus, although the 256MB of RAM makes it occasionally slow. The android market is faster and easier than AppsLib tooAnother review mentioned this, and it must be clearly understood by all potential buyers: this is not an iPad. Don't expect an iPad. This is a great product, sure, but you're also paying less than $200. After rooting the device, it's easily as good as a Galaxy tab though :)