Just received the Galaxy Tab WiFi yesterday and so far I'm very happy with it.  It was easy to set up, preloaded with a lot of useful apps, and generally intuitive when learning how to navigate around it.I'm mainly going to read books and surf the Internet.  It does this flawlessly.  The display is bright and clear.  It is also highly responsive to touch (on par with Apple's products).  This is so important.  I realized this awhile ago when I purchased a Cruz tablet.  It was a chore to navigate the device because the touchscreen was not very good.I bought the Galaxy Tab WiFi because of the 7" form factor.  I think it's great for reading and surfing the web.  I've been reading a book with the Kindle app over the past day and it works beautifully.  It's not tiring at all to hold the Tab and the text is crystal clear.  And jumping on the web is a breeze.  The processor has no problem quickly moving from page to page, pulling up photos and graphics with ease.  And I haven't brought it out of the house yet, but I will.  It's perfectly sized for travel.There is still a ton of stuff I can do with the Tab that I haven't tried yet.  I'm new to the world of Android (I sent the Cruz tablet back after a day) so I'm still getting my feet wet.  It really is a fun product with plenty of entertainment value.  It is definitely worth the money.  It may be a bit more than some of the other 7" WiFi tablets, but it is a high quality product with a solid build.I've mainly used Apple products up until now.  I have an iPhone and have had an iPod Touch.  Both are wonderful devices.  I used those in conjunction with my Kindle for the majority of my reading over the past few years.  I'm transitioning away from Apple, though. They're threatening to force Kindle sales to go thru iTunes if you buy a book while in your Kindle app on your Apple device.  Apple would then get a cut of the sale.  There are all kind of potential repercussions to this new policy (Higher prices, Kindle app being removed from Apple devices, etc).  As a supporter of Amazon and huge Kindle lover, I'm not going to be part of that.  It made buying the Galaxy Tab WiFi an even better idea for me.