I like the Dell Streak's size, it's about the size of a Kindle. I find it very convenient to be able to carry the internet in my pocket, with a much larger screen than I have with my cell phone. I mostly use it for reading and I don't have any problems; but I notice there are some video formats it will not support. Nonetheless, I have been pleased with the quality of video images and streaming on the device.For me, the 7-inch screen size is just right; it is easy to read and easy to hold, unlike the I-Pad, which is too large to fit in your pocket and weighs at least 1 lb. The Streak runs on an Android operating system, which is the same operating system that my cell phone uses, so most of the apps I already paid for were downloaded easily and quickly without additional cost. There was also a low learning curve.The Streak also has a letter-box (horizontal) orientation, rather than a vertical one. By this I mean the letter-box is its default position and the video cam is located at the top of its horizontal position rather than the top of its vertical one, in contrast to other tablets. This is much more consistent with the way most people are likely to use the tablet for Skyping or watching videos. Only Motorola's Xoom, at this time, also has a letter-box orientation.A major downside with the Streak, however, is its electrical system. The battery life of the Streak is about 4 hours when it is new; most tablets have a battery life of 10 hours. This means you have to carry an outlet cable with you, but the power adapter on the cable is rather bulky, and does not fold up so that it easily fits in your pocket. Also, the cable itself is short, which means that while you are re-charging the streak it is very difficult to actually use it.If Dell knew they were making a device with a short battery life and that would require frequent re-charging, why didn't they make a more convenient power adapter for you to carry and why didn't they make the cable longer so you could use the thing while it is re-charging?And why does Dell make replacement adapters and cables hard to find? Given the short battery life of the Streak it's probably a good idea to have more than one cable and power adapter so you won't find yourself running out of power but stuck without the ability to re-charge this device, which frequently needs it.I enjoy the Streak for its portability, its light weight, its easy handling, and its letter-box orientation, but its electrical problems, including short battery life, short recharging cable, awkward power adapter, and its difficult to find replacement adapter and cable all detract from the overall convenience and usefulness of this device.