I have a lot of Kindle books in my ipod, and was looking for a reader with a larger and more comfortable screen.  I almost popped for a Kindle,  as the prices have come way down,  but then I saw this item featured on a Black Friday sale. It had some interesting functions over and above the ebook capacity, and I decided to go for it. So I got up early, stood in the cold for a few minutes,  and acquired one for less than a century note. VERY good price point.  This is a preliminary report after a couple of hours of use.Setup was easy and glitch-free.As a book reader it's pretty good,  and synchs easily with my ipod and computer.  The screen is less outstanding than the ipad or the Kindle,  but it's plenty good enough and one reads easily.  The unit is a shade too heavy for maximum holding comfort. It picks up fingerprints and smudges very fast :-(It connects easily to the internet and I read some articles from the NY Times and the Washington Post with no problems.  I also checked my ebay account.The email application has crashed repeatedly, but I was able to take a look at new messages.I downloaded and installed the Youtube app and it appears to be running correctly.I was unable to get vtuner and Shoutcast to play music from the web browser. No Spotify app, either.Reliability/durability is an unknown at this point.BUT it does the main things I bought it for well,  and it's SO inexpensive compared to the high-priced spread. So I give it a thumbs up.  Just be clear about what you are purchasing!**** UPDATE, December 21So far, it's still running.  The USB port is unreliable, probably a hardware defect. I transferred some video clips taken on my ipod, and they crash the system. The screen displays photos with good contrast and resolution, but loading them is a bit slow.  O well,  the tablet is a bit slow, period. If you want a lot of extra apps,  this product is not for you. But I use it mainly as a book reader,  for email checks, and light web surfing.  It's OK in those categories, and I maintain my overall evaluation:  quite a bit of functionality at a low price point.**** Update, June 2013The web browser now crashes every time, I can't download new books from Kindle, and the clock is haywire. So it now is functionally useless to me. So it gets a downgrade from four stars to two.