I only write reviews if I have something important to say. In this case the Coby Kyros MID7015 7-Inch Android  Internet Touchscreen Tablet - Black is a great product for the price. As other people have mentioned you should root it to really make the best of it. The battery life is not the best, the device can be laggy and unresponsive some times but for the price it's totally worth it.So what's the problem then? The main memory, it's only 256 Mb..I have two Android phones, a Froyo (Android 2.2) with 150 Mb of memory and an Eclair (Andriod 2.1) with 100 Mb. of memory. For the Froyo I use app2sd to move the apps to the SD card and for the Eclair I use link2sd. Still it's a pain to be moving apps but well... it works.I bought the coby knowing everything there is to know about it beforehand except that the 4 Gb of memory are not the main memory. Apprently you get 256 Mb of main memory and about 2.7 Gb of nand memory. The apps install on the main memory so thanks to Amazon's awesome appstore I filled that up yesterday.So, the coby has Eclair so app2sd doesn't work. I tried link2sd but you need to make a second partition on your memory card (which I did for the Eclair phone and worked great) but when I do it for the coby the coby won't recognize the card. Not the first nor the second partition.There's a cyanogen mod ROM floating around that I can install but you lose some functionality like WATCHING VIDEOS, I'm not gonna sacrifice watching videos so that not a option.There are some instructions to try to get app2sd working on a huawei S7 that they say might work on the coby with some modification but they're very complicated and not even designed for the coby so don't wanna risk it.This has been very dissapointing for me. What good are the thousands of apps if we can't install them? Coby has said they will not release a 2.2 update for this tablet so that sucks.Still the tablet is awesome for the price, if you wanna do the normal stuff and install just a few apps it's great. It's super easy to root.If any one knows how to fix this memory space problem please let me know.UPDATE: I forgot to mention one thing, a lot of people complain about the wifi reach. I was very worried about this since my LG GW620 phone barely gets wifi in my room, like if I stand near the door it gets like 1 bar, when I'm at my desk or bed it may or may not connect. Now the coby always connects, all the time and usually has 2 bars so actually it has worked great for me. I'm sure other devices have better connection but in my case the Coby worked even better than expected.