I bought the Archos 7 V2 from Amazon.com for 149.95 free super saver shipping.The positives of this device.>Nice bright and vibrant screen that plays video very well and can play a lot of video without needing conversion.>The size, shape and weight are comfortable in the hand and easy to carry around.>You can drag and drop video, audio, and photos with no issue via usb cable, no itunes crap.>With very little tech knowledge, you can modify the unit to have full android market + other improvements.>Once unit is modified, you can download and install many great android apps onto the device and they perform well.>The battery life is pretty darn good even while using wi-fi.  Several hours of usage with both video and audio.The negatives of this device.<Wifi antenna is weak, and you need to be near a router to get a connection.  Example is that my laptop and lg optimus phone both connect to wifi several yards from my residence, but the Archos 7 HT does not.  I have to use my phone as a mobile hot spot to use the web at my residence.<The resistive touch screen can be clunky and slow and it can be tough to navigate around, and type, especially when trying to press on smaller links and buttons.Overall I knew what I was buying going in, and I'm 100 percent satisfied with my purchase.  The device is really customizable and has a nice size and feel to it.  I don't fear dropping or losing it because the price was low and it seems somewhat sturdy.  Its a perfect companion to keep in my little work bag, and using my phone as a hot spot I can browse the web on a beautiful 7" screen anytime any place.<<UPDATE>>I bought 2 of these from Amazon.  The first one had dead pixels.  The second one arrived fine, but after using it for 2 weeks the screen malfunctioned.  I had a solid colored line cutting the screen in thirds when I turned it on.  The only thing cheaper then these tablets are the ones without the archos brand slapped on them.  The price draws you in,  but the quality and reliability of the product is pure poop.  I'd spend an extra $100 or $200 and get something that will last and work out of the box.