Ultimately I found the Archos 7 Android based tablet to be an interesting idea but had way too many issues to keep the unit, so I returned it.Pros:The form factor of the unit is very nice, one can easily hold it in your hands and use your thumbs to type on the virtual keyboard. The touch screen, when it worked, was very usable.Sync with Windows 7 and Media Player 10 worked without an issue.MiroSD slot worked as "expandable" memory for the unit.Worked well as an E-book reader with the included app.Battery life seemed reasonable but drained quickly when watching video.Cons:I encountered many times where the touch screen would just stop responding and the areas around the edges cause the unit to do undesired commands. The touch screen does not support multi-touch.Lacks an accelerometer so it only works in fixed orientations.The Wifi required SSID Broadcasting to be enabled to connect to any network, even when hard coding the network info, and the reception was absolutely terrible even when 2 feet away from  my router. It would drop connections frequently or just not connect at all. The network "scan" feature failed to pickup any network in the area... I know from other wireless devices there are at least 3 networks within easy range. This is the only wireless device I've had trouble with reception on my networks. I have 2 Xbox 360's using wifi, LG wireless Blu-ray, wireless printer and laptops that all connect perfectly with outstanding wifi reception quality.The web surfing experience is more like a cell phone then the true web since it connects to most websites mobile offerings over the true website. There was no flash support on the unit, so forget about most every video offering on the web. I've read there is an add on available from Archos at an additional cost that allows this but it wasn't worth the extra money for this unit since I had so many other issues with it. Some sites, like Revision3, would stream video but the quality was horrible and basically unwatchable.Video playback from the local unit transferred by Media Player sync or just with file transfers with supported formats, ie MP4, to either the internal memory or the SD Card was full of artifacts and issues in both WMV and MP4 formats.Apps and the unit crashed often.Updates for the apps did not work correctly and would crash the unit.