The iPad lives up to the hype. I was a skeptic myself, but after owning apple products the past two years, I knew the company would live up to my expectations.  It is in no way just a large iPhone.I purchased the iPad 32gb wifi version and quickly began loading apps and movies. I also jail broke my version and am writing this review on the iPad itself!So far, I've noticed that the iPad is extremely efficient.The safari pages load quicker than my iPhone 3G and the apps open very fast.The clarity is unbelievable.  I think it's even clearer than my MacBook!The battery life is impressive.  I know it will withstand my 5+ hour flights from Boston to LA.  I watched a two hour movie this evening and played around with it for an additional few hours and my battery is at 56%.I was surprised at how great the volume level actually is. I expected it to not be that great, but when I was watching the movie earlier, I did not use headphones and found the sound quality perfect.  Additionally, the iPad does not emit any noise when processing.Apps:I just dropped a lot of cash on my iPad so I am not willing to spend money on apps yet.  I've explored the free ones exclusively.iBooks has me wowed.  Apple offers an array of free novels to meet anyone's taste.  Classics are my liking and I've loaded at least 15 of them.  You can bookmark your pages and skip chapters or browse.  I was impressed by how easy it is to read on the screen as well. I've never been a fan of reading on a computer, but this app opened my eyes to another world. I like having the ability to change the font size to meet my needs.Bloomberg did a great job of creating an app that offers financial news and personalization. I can track my stocks, track indices, and listen to podcasts.  I can't think of a more informative app out there.Installous. Everything your little hacker heart desires.  If you like installous on your iPhone, you'll appreciate it on your iPad.***********Edit:  Downside found!  Charging this device can be a pain.  I just hooked it up with a USB to my work computer (PC) and, the top right hand corner reads "not charging."  Apple's website states the following:"Some USB 2.0 ports and accessories do not provide enough power to charge iPad. When this occurs the message "Not Charging" appears in the status bar next to the battery icon."Be that as it may, other websites are claiming the Ipad still charges even though the screen states otherwise.  I haven't tested it out myself.  This link provides further details:[...]