First if you want the quick sumery here it is. Take the iPod Touch give it a big screen and remove the camera and you have an ipad. That's all this is for better or worse, a giant iPod Touch. Now don't get me wrong, that has it's pluuses but it's obvious iOS was designed for smartphones and ipods, not tablets.The good...- A large screen, great for playing games and watching movies.- The WiFi + 3G version can use the web on the go.- No viruses unless you jailbreak it, even then the chances are small.- Responsive screen, that has the same scratch and fingerprint restive coating as the iPhone.- Pretty fast, though in reality we have nothing to compare it to. The only comparison comes from the Galaxy Tab, and I can't find one yet to test.The Bad...- You are restricted to the app store. Thus it won't be able to use software that Apple doesn't approve. IOn general the iPad app store is more expensive than the iPhone one as well. The App Store is fine for a phone, but is too restrictive for a tablet.- No Adobe Flash. Say what you will about Flash, but it is a vital part of many websites. Until sites move to HTML5, this missing feature will greatly limit your web experience.- Limiting browser. Mobile Sufari may be the best mobile browser, but on a tablet designed to display the full web, it's failing become obvious. Simply put many websites look messed up or don't display at all on it.- No external ports. All you get is the iPod connector port. You can't expand the memory, use USB devices. This is another carry over from the iPhone, but it just doesn't cut it on a tablet.- Not all apps are desgned for the larger screen. While many devs have adopted their apps to fit the larger screen, many still don't work or are poorly implimented. Trying to run an iPhone app on the iPad looks horrible and is very awkward to use. Thus your selection of apps is actually much smaller than Apple claims.Overall I think this was a good starting point, but I suggest wating for the next iPad or looking at one of the comepting Tablets coming in 2011.