I have had the Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1 for three days now so here are some of my first impressions.Pros: Excellent display it realy gives you the wow factor for brightness and contrast out of the box.  Also the battery life is good as I would think playing games would drain the battery but I get a full days use without charging.  The weight and size are great very easy to hold in one hand in portrait or landscape mode. Multitasking works and does not slow down the device.  You tube Hd video and web browsing are fast with minimal buffering but you must first download flash 10.3 as it is not preinstalled.Cons:  very short charging cord so if you plan on using this while plugged in you will need a usb extender.  Device takes over 3 hours and still does not get a full charge it went from 40% to 75%.  After flash download some websites still do not play video like phillies and mlb and I can watch them on my droid incredible phone. This next one is a big one for me and Samsung says an update will be coming this summer, there is NO support for DMR (Digital management rights ) so currently you can not download  movies from any sites  I have tried amazon, Google, fios, blockbuster, and the biggest disappointment is Samsungs own media hub  it is not compatible with this device, strange since it came with a 25 dollar gift card to use.  This is not good for a cloud device so the only way i can think of to get movies on it is to hook it up to a pc and i think that will only work for uncopyright  protected files. When I look at all of the professional site reviews on you tube I, now realize that none of them showed real movies only clips in you tube.  I know that is part of being an early adopter  as well as only 72 tablet specific apps.I wrote this on the tablet and there is a delay between when you type and it displays on the screen frustrating to say the least,I am not trying to be negative as this is a nice looking device with great graphics and portability but for 600 dollars I would expect more in the performance area.  I am sure it will wow a lot of people when the hold it and look at it in the store but when you take it home to use it that will wear off fast.My biggest concern is that by the time they have all the bugs worked out and it is a supported Google device there will be tegra 3 chip tablet available for less. So my advice would be to wait on this one.services