The Creative ZiiO (with Android 2.2) was purchased to replace a Netbook computer that had failed. I only used the Netbook computer to listen to internet radio, and the ZiiO was advertised as being internet capable with wireless b/g. After the initial setup I was able to access the internet and tried the two main internet radio stations I listen to. WBGO.org ( a full time jazz/blues public radio station in Newark New Jersey) and WQXR.org ( a full time classical public radio station in New York City). In each case the main web page came up but when I went to the " Listen Now " function there was no sound. I went back through the settings, accessed the music application, (Each of the stations also support several streaming formats and in the case of WQXR a streaming format for the Android O/S, none of which worked) etc. Several hours later that included an attempt at downloading the Winamp application for Android ( and finding it is only for phones, in order to get the application you have to submit your phone number, but the entertainment tablet is not a phone ) I was forced to the Creative ZiiO application download sight where I downloaded and installed XiiLive/Light (and for a price you can get the full version. Hay Creative don't forget to nickel and dime a loyal customer). I was than able to receive the music stream from the websites, now the buffer would fill to 100% and than empty to 0% and than refill to 100% each time the music would stop at 0 and begin again at 100. This is unacceptable performance from a company who's main products are sound and music reproduction equipment. I have had many Creative MP3 players and sets of GigaWorks T20 and T40 speakers( and all of the players and speakers are still operational) over the years and given them as gifts and recommended Creative products to many people. The ZiiO has been sold to the public way before it's time. Streaming music has been available for too many years. A unit like this should play it right out of the box. This is one Android that R2D2 and C3PO would have left on the Death Star. I will be returning this to Amazon/Creative for a refund.  Additional note* I would not by another Netbook either, just buy a computer and have a full functioning unit. That's what I am going to do.