To begin with. This device is not especially user friendly to the casual computer user except maybe to those who know the android phone os. And even here it is often incompatible with some common android functions(ie android marketplace app downloads). For those seeking a user friendly experience, nothing beats the Ipad (I own two!) albeit for $400+.As a gadget lover I purchased this "E-Reader/Tablet" for just over $100 to experience an android tablet. I will skip over listing all the faults that others have already noted. My take is this.1)  The hardware is impressive. This does NOT feel like a cheap knock off.2) While the resistive touch screen is not Ipad-like....it is plenty usable once you get the hang of soft yet firm taps.3) Wi-fi performance is very good . Probably not as good as Ipad but very comparable to many other phones,laptops,internet radios,media streamers etc I have owned. Connecting to your network should be easy enough.4) This tablet will function fine as an E reader (B grade) music (B+) and video player (B or better).5) with regard to apps.....If you are persistent it does appear that most android apps WILL work on this device.I have installed Youtube(reqs specific version-works flawlessly!)) skyfire browser,kindle and numerous android utilities and games. Learning the tricks (net searchs, apk app downloads to sd card then install) will take a day or two for most.6) Very decent internet browsing ability! For "flash/video" just use skyfire browser...works most of time.7) Perhaps the biggest letdown will be the lack of storage space-you will be limited to choosing smaller app files and only your favorites (unless they can be run directly off an sd card??? not sure of this....)All in All. For just over $100 (with present discounts available) you get a decent E-reader. Media player. wifi internet browser.  These sub $200 tablets will become more user friendly and capable over time. But for now this a bargain tablet for those who like spending the effort to customize it.