11/27/11 - If you want to download free movies try Movieonhand.10/21/11. NETFLIX  UPDATE -  There is the Netflix app in marketplace now.  I downloaded but it says that my account does not have instant queue (I cancelled last month).  I think it works now.  Let me know.I used my son's account and instant queue works!!!!  This is perfect....I love my iconia!!!!! Bought it from Walmart and never regretted it.  It was $398 with 100. Gift card, so I actualy paid $298.  I just transferred music from this to my Sony mp3 player via the USB port which I didn't even know I could do and then I decided to write my review. This tablet is amazing!The upgrade to 3.2 allows me to use Skype with video, I've downloaded tons of movies from you tube with Moviedownloader app which I watch on the tablet or save to my flash drives via USB port and watch them on tv using my first tablet (Coby mid7015) which I have a HDMI cable for.  I will probaby get the hdmi for this but don't really need it.  I get email notifications,  I can view and edit my excel reports & word docs with the trial office suite which I delete when the trial period ends and then download again, I have over 1000 books on my 16g sdcard and alot of games, you can watch movies from Crackle (go to website, I don't think the app works), Netflix doesn't work but maybe it will with the next upgrade.  There are so many apps in the android marketplace to choose from - I use Astro file manager to manage all my files, 1tap cleaner to clear history & cache, Advanced task killer to instantly close apps.  Honeycomb is great and Acer automatically notifies you when there is an upgrade.  Some people complain about the weight which I have no problem with but I have a cover that serves as a stand so I can watch movies without having to hold it. Battery life is great.  I am writing this review on it and I love the full keyboard....don't have to use one finger to type.  I have been buying Acer computers for years and never had a problem.  I already have an iPod touch and  was very tempted to get an ipad2 but because of its limitations I chose the Acer a500.  I highly recommend this tablet.