In addition to Thrive, I have iPads as well as Lenovo K1 Tablets.  For Apple haters, no amount of praise for iPad will convince them. Now, if you want a stylish, slim profile iPad alternative, stop right here as Thrive is all that iPad is not, some in a good way. Thrive is got to be the thickest tablet on the market by a mile but the thickness doesn't really detract from what it can do.  Compared to iPad:1) Screen:  Elongated compared to others but is bright with good resolution. Tie for now.(I hear Apple is scheming for a better screen on iPad3...)2) Operating System: If you have an Android smartphone, it will be familiar to you.  In terms of intuitiveness and ease of use, Apple wins here.3) Availability of Apps: Apple wins since they had a significant head start with over 100,00 apps but Android market is catching up.  I can pretty much find all the comparable apps I need in Android market.4) Design: Apple. Case in point, even minor thing like the charger design, Apple - elegant; Thrive - the thing is huge, like the brick that come with most laptops.5) Build quality: Apple by a slim margin (they're all made in China)6) Sound quality: Apple kicks everybody's butt here, including Thrive, although Thrive sounds better than other tablets.7) Flexibility/Expandibility: Thrive, hands down. Thrive has a SD card slot, full size HDMI port as well as mini and full size USB port for ultimate connectivity to computers, monitors and TVs.8) Camera: both have front and back cameras but execution and usability is better with Apple.9) Special mention: Thrive is only Tablet on the market with user replaceable batteries; it would definitely matter if you are going to keep this thing for more than 5 yrs. as most Lithium ion batteries peter out after about 5 yrs of use.  By then, all others including iPads will be expensive door stops. But then again, who keeps his/her smartphone more than 5 yrs? I guess that's the idea behind sealed batteries in these tablets, Toshiba excluded.Also, why doesn't other tablet makers come out more with 64GB drive units like iPads? I can see Apple charging what they charge as they are the market leader, but all other tablet makers including Toshiba seem to be stingy with internal memory.  8GB is ridiculous unless you are going to use it strictly as an e-reader. Sometimes you don't want streaming video; you want to download movies, pictures and videos to watch later. Even 16 and 32GB is not enough sometimes.  Kudos to Toshiba for adding a SD card slot but you if you aspire to charge what Apple charges, then you ought to pack more internal memory for the same price. Are you listening Android tablet makers?