When I received the Acer W500 I noticed it was top heavy when the tablet is docked with the keyboard (despite some people trying to dispel this fact, it is true). It isn't a problem when placed on a hard surface but on a soft surface (ie, my lap) it kept tipping over. I also found the eraser-style mouse to be somewhat fickle: at times it wouldn't respond at all no matter how hard I pushed it and at other times it jumped to the right-hand side of the screen. I found a patch on Acer's website to "fix" the problem with the jumping cursor but it didn't completely fix it. I online chatted with an Acer rep and their recommendation was to re-install the operating system from the recovery CD because sometimes there was a corrupt driver file for the mouse. After I explained that I didn't have a CD drive to do the re-install from (the W500 doesn't have an internal CD drive so you need to buy an external one) and I wasn't about to buy one to fix their problem they suggested I play around with the driver settings for the mouse -- but wouldn't tell me which setting(s) to try/adjust.Aside from the issues with the product itself I wasn't impressed with the touch layer that sits on top of Windows 7. The virtual keyboard doesn't pop-up when you tap on an input field -- you have to open the keyboard for every field you want to enter something in. There even appeared to be two different keyboards that pop-up depending on what you're doing (one smaller and one larger). It also requires you to be very accurate in where you tap the screen due to the resolution and tiny cursor -- not like other tablets that allow for you to be "in the vicinity" of the field/link. Hopefully, Windows 8 will be more tablet friendly now that Microsoft is working with cell phones and the like.So between the issues with the eraser-mouse and Acer's tech support and the not-ready-for-tablets Windows 7 I sent the machine back for a refund. Unfortunately, the best part of my purchase was Amazon's no questions asked return policy. Maybe I will try another Windows tablet when they make a true tablet version of Windows cause I really need Microsoft Office for my work and all the Office-like products have short-comings.