When it comes to gadgets I do my research. I also go with brands I trust. In this case the Toshiba Excite was a double win. It is very fast and has a beautiful display, but it also possesses a HDMI output (micro) that many other devices do not have.With all the coming technology in TVs and Monitors, you would think that most gadgets would have some way to connect to any display. Other than buying same brand devices that support blue-tooth syncing, you would be out of luck. However, with a $5 hdmi cable, I have a mobile media device I can plug into my big screen and watch all my favorite shows shared on my home media network.To share media I simply have my Windows Media Player up to date, and through the Toshiba Media player I can select most files (not MKV) from the network device option. The Excite is fast enough that there is little buffering required.The battery life on this tablet is simply amazing. It lasts for days unplugged if I am using it as an e-reader or internet device. I really only charge it when I am streaming videos from it, mainly for the fact that since it will be tethered to my TV I should have it plugged in since it will already be near an outlet.The memory card port is another bonus as well. Though with 32gb on the device itself, it is nice knowing I can add more memory if I need. But as I stream everything, this is not a problem.As far as performance goes, this beast runs smoothly. Before I purchased a tablet I played with a quite a few models. I loaded up the homepages with tons of widgets and apps. I would then switch between pages. This was the only tablet that was still able to glide between the pages. The Samsung Galaxy Note 10 (2) was not even able to do this. Apps, videos, music and different files all open with haste and I have yet to see any signs of slowed performance; associated with lesser devices.Now, I was tempted to purchased the next line of Excites (the smaller, lighter ones) however, though slightly bigger, this line of Excites carries more features. I would definitely recommend a Toshiba Excite to anyone who is looking for a tablet.