Well for starters, I pretty much agree with a lot of the reviews I've read in here.  This tablet is a fantastic bargain - IF you're not squeamish about rolling up your sleeves and doing some customizing.  As others have said, the hardware is great, but the Tap 'n Tap interface it comes with is horrible.  I took other's advice and found a good guide for installing a custom ROM, and now I have myself a nice slick little tablet.Now even if you customize you need to understand that this is a $300 tablet, and even with a custom ROM if you put the GTablet up against a high end tablet like a Xoom or an Ipad 2 its going to lose.  That being said, it doesn't really lose by all that much when you consider those tablets are roughly twice the cost.  Here's a breakdown of the good and the bad with this tablet:The Good:Speed - This is a fast little bugger, it will hold its own with much more expensive tablets.  I hit over 2200 on Quadrant Standard (if you don't know what that is this probably isn't the tablet you should be looking at), not bad for a $300 tabletPrice - A dual core processor with a 10" screen for $300?  You're not going to beat that anywhere.Customizable - This tablet was VERY easy to root and install a custom ROM.  If you can follow some simple step-by-step directions you'll have it up and running with your new ROM in no time.  And there are some very good ROMs available for it too.  I went with TnT lite and I'm very happy with it, but there are others that have gotten good reviews also.USB Port - You can slap a thumb drive on this for even more storage, or to easily transfer filesThe Bad:Screen - Its serviceable, and it looks great if you watch a movie or something with the angle right, but the viewing angle is very limited.  I guess they had to cut corners somewhere and I guess this was it.Software out of the box - Well its been beat to death already so I won't go into detail again with thisNo GPS - This is pretty minor since you can tether it to your phone's GPS if you really want to use this thing as a massive Garmin.  Personally I think its a little too big and clunky for that anyway, but if you have a rooted Android phone you can still do it.In summary, if you're tech savvy and buy this tablet with the intent to root and install a custom ROM, then its a 5 star bargain.  If you're not comfortable about such things I'd give it a 3 because the out of the box software is so limited and clunky.  So that gives it an average of 4, which is what I'm rating it.