I bought the Cruz after purchasing a 7" acer.  While it cannot download all of the apps that my acer can, I find myself using my cruz much more.It is more than adequate to surf the web.  I watch YouTube Videos and movies with my Virgin Mobile hotspot; it is an excellent e-reader and the accessories that come with it make it an affordable bargain.  Certainly there are better tablets but for the price and for what it does it is a sensible purchase.  For those who care little about status symbols or are honest about their budgets, this will work for you.  Just purchase a 32gb sdhc card, Office pro and you are in business.  Enjoy.3-24-12 I wanted to update my comments on the Cruz for the haters out there!  I have been able to download 4 additional browsers and many news and mag apps that should be checked out.  A great browser is QQ, which runs on cloud; Dolphin, Maxthon, Skyfire and MSN mobile are also good. Overdrive Media console is a good app for downloading library books for reading.The Amazon app store is getting better, offering more apps, as well as Get Jar apps.  There are plenty of productivity apps for those of us who are not game players.  This reader/tablet does well for those of us who are budget conscious (the working poor) and recognize that an IPad cost more than a mortgage payment!  So that was a no brainer to bypass it.  I got my Cruz at Walmart.It is sufficient.4-29-12I have continued to evaluate this product as I seem to be enjoying it quite a bit.  I continue to add apps thru the Amazon Marketplace and many of the games based the old Simon are great. There is Lost Jungle, Mahjong and quite a few reader apps which I use for all the free ebooks out there.  What I am pleasantly surprised about is the email app that came with it.  I downloaded Hotmail and Yahoo email apps for my personal emails.  I utilze the on board email app for my business emails and calendar which is a boon for this android.I have learned a little patience as it is not as quick on the net as some of the 3.0 and higher droids but it is no problem.  I find myself using only the QQ and Skyfire Browsers now. I keep my device functioning well by cleaning out the cache weekly.I brought my tablet from Walmart for 80.00.  It is still the best bargain available.  Enjoy the discovery.