I've been wanting to get a tablet since last year and have been holding out since they announced ICS and Quad-Core processors.  I was going to get the Prime for christmas, but it was unavailable, so I decided to wait and see what came out in the spring.  I've stayed away from the Prime due to the higher price and GPS issues, so it came down to 3 tablets while making my decision (Transformer Pad, Acer Iconia a510 and the Toshiba Excite 10).  All 3 tablets are very similar and met my criteria for a tablet (ICS, Tegra 3, 1280x800 display, HDMI-out, etc.).  I had originally ordered the Iconia a510, but it was back-ordered.  Then I saw the Excite was available and in stock early on Amazon last week, so I cancelled my order for the Acer and immediately orderd the Toshiba. What ultimately sold me on the Toshiba model was the Gorilla Glass, the Stock ICS experience and the Full SD card slot.  My wife takes a lot of pictures and will love being able to just pop the SD card out of the camera and into the tablet.I received the device yesterday and it is very fast and slim.  I used it for a good 3 hours straight last night with music playing in the background and experienced no lag at all and still had 70% battery remaining after the 3 hours.  The Excite 10 is very well built and feels sturdy in the hands.  Not too heavy, but just enough that it doesn't feel like you are going to break it.  The WiFi signal was very strong and didn't have any issues there.  The speakers sound pretty good considering how small they are.  The setup took no time at all and with the Google Restore function, I had all of my phone apps (about 100) on my tablet within 20 minutes.So far I haven't come up with too many Cons for this device.  If I had to list some they would be the following:1. There is a good amount of pre-installed junk on the device.  Not that big of a deal since apps can be disabled in ICS.2. The Charger is proprietary.  It would be nice to charge over microUSB, but with the size of tablet batteries, it would take forever to fully charge, so it is understandable why it doesn't.Overall, I am very pleased with this product and would recommend it.UPDATE 5/11/12:1. I wanted to point out that I ran AnTuTu Benchmarking tool and it listed the Excite 10 as a 1.3 GHZ Tegra 3 processor and got a better average score than every other device listed.2. Some of the pre-installed junk can be uninstalled, but some can only be disabled.3. I was able to plug the charger into my Laptop and Car USB ports and it was able to charge. It was charging slower than the wall plug, but a nice feature if the battery is running low.