My sister bought the Dell Streak 7 for me for Christmas 2011 and by June 2012 it was dead because it no longer receives a charge. The problem, however, is different than most people believe so I wanted to detail it here.I examined the Dell Streak 7 hardware closely to determine why it stopped receiving a charge.  When you plug the cable into the device you'll notice that the charging LED (light) does not come on and so you wonder why.  You may think it is something internal but it is actually the failed design of the power connector on the device.  It is a thin piece of ribbon cable, which is barely thicker than paper.  That piece of ribbon cable has to slip between two pieces on the power cable, but instead of slipping between the two pieces it will push to the left or right inside the device.This is a terribly failed hardware design.To me, this issue would be like selling a car where after 200 presses on the gas pedal, the entire accelerator mechanism is destroyed. At that point you can no longer drive the car at all. There is an expected level of service from a device and the design of the Dell Streak 7 is so terrible it almost seems as if it were on purpose.Anyway, here's how I've explained it to others.[-- You are correct about it not receiving a charge. This issue has been reported by many owners/users. Mine finally failed also. I'd like to include an explanation why it did so. It seems that the place where the power plug goes into the Dell Streak 7 is a piece of ribbon cable. That ribbon cable actually gets pushed out of the way -- left or right -- of the power cable. The piece of ribbon cable is not much thicker than paper and is pliable. That piece of cable on the device fails to go between the very thin connector pieces on the power cable side -- it bends out of the way. Basically, the cable side has a slot that the device-side ribbon cable (paper-thin) has to slide into. It is all very small of course. I kept trying to get the cable to attach to the device over and over and finally the piece of cable on the device side literally snapped off. Terrible. I was only able to use the device for about 6 months before this all happened. It is a terrible design that anyone with any hardware experience would know would fail quickly. Sad that Dell has created such a terrible product. --]