First off: no, it isn't a portable computer replacement. If you expect it to be, you'll only be disappointed. Nor is it just an oversized PDA despite claims to the contrary. Instead, it's a robust adjunct to your main computer. It allows me to take most of my web browsing, game playing, email reading, etc. away from my desk. In large part, whether the iPad suits your needs will depend on whether you can find apps for it that suit your needs. So far there's a wide array of apps, so I haven't found this to be much of a problem--but again, it'll depend on your needs.It's true that there are some things you just can't do on an iPad, like view Flash content on websites. I do find this occasionally annoying, but honestly, I just hope it convinces more websites to stop using so much Flash content. I've always found that it bogs down my machine and causes more problems than it fixes.In contrast, I've found that the apps on my iPad load and run super-fast. They're streamlined to have a small footprint, and it shows. They load so fast that load screen tips in games often flash past before I can read them. They also take up a surprisingly small amount of memory; I'm amazed at how slowly I'm using up my 16G!The on-screen keyboard is actually pretty good, and suits normal finger size much better than that on the tinier iPhone screen, but it still isn't meant for extended typing. I'm also addicted to the touch-screen interface. It feels so natural that I find myself trying to use my laptop as though it had one.Since I do a lot of reading and reviewing, and I absolutely hate the other e-readers I've played with (the screen flash when turning pages would drive me batty before I finished a single book), the iPad's value as an e-reader was important to me. In this, it truly shines. You can download the Barnes & Noble reader and the Kindle reader for free. GoodReader makes a fantastic pdf reader (just import pdfs from the app tab when synching with your computer). iBooks, however, blew me away. As a book geek, I really like the experience of reading a book rather than a computer file. And iBooks looks the most like a book.I'm truly amazed by the screen quality, the speed of everything, the variety of apps available, and the utility of the iPad as an e-reader. I can use it near-constantly for heavy-use things like gameplay and the charge lasts me a good 24 hours.