I was excited when the box showed up (my late Father's Day arrival).  However, the excitement didn't last long when I fired up the device.The BAD:- No native "gMail" app...on a Google-made OS?  Really??- No support for Google Calendars, Google Docs, etc.  ...on a Google-made OS?  Really??- No contact manager/address book, so even with third-party e-mail apps, you're limited to manually typing addresses for your recipients.- No native Facebook app- Less than 300 apps available of the 85,000 Android apps on the REAL Market- - (Even the bulk of the "free" apps I've downloaded are so stripped down they're useless)- Touch screen is never accurate enough for typing- NO YOUTUBE.  And I don't mean, like with most portables, "no flash."  My G1 and iPhone don't support flash either, but they both have the capability of downloading and watching videos.  Not so with the Archos 7.- No Bluetooth, so only wired headphones.- Very "tinny" sound from the built-in speakers.- No auto-rotation of the screen for portait/landscape viewing of web pages, photos, etc.The GOOD:- The display looks great.- The aesthetics aren't bad, though the reflexive screen makes navigation a bit slow and cumbersome.- Battery life seems pretty good initially, but I haven't yet put it through its paces.The bottom line is this.  I wanted this device (1) for it's Android-OS capabilities, (2) for it's convenience to grab, jump on the web/YouTube/Facebook, (3) multimedia capabilities for watching movies and videos on-the--go, and (4) presumed application choices (based on my other Android experiences - G1 & Cliq).  Instead, I find that this device is (1) missing many of the familiar Android capabilities, (2) unable to do even the most basic demands for a "home tablet" (as it is marketed to be), (3) more cumbersome than my iPod, G1, Cliq, or other mobile multimedia devices because of the lack of Bluetooth support, and (4) missing about 84,700 applications from the app store/market.In short, Archos, you missed the boat on this one.  I'll be getting a refund.