The Archos 43 is near impossible to get. I was incredibly lucky to stumble upon it on amazon. It is fabulous. You don't realize it's true beauty until you actually get to see it in person. The screen is about the size of the whole ipod touch. It is huge! However it is not too big because it easily fits in your pocket. The kickstand is very nice, I ended up using it a lot more than I thought I would. One problem is that it does not come with the google marketplace out of the box, and the app store that comes on it is really bad. However doing a few searches for google market place on Archos 43 will show you how to put it on very easily. Once it is on there are a few slight problems, the calender app doesn't work. Also the icons on the side of the screen (search, home, settings, and back) don't ever go away in non-archos apps. So occasionally this will cut off the bottom of apps but this never causes any major problems. Doodle jump is one app that is a little bit strange. It still works great but the score is cut off on the top and in order to press a button on the home screen you must click below it. However everything else still works. Sometimes the Archos will freeze up for 5 seconds but this is rare. The video playback is spectacular, it plays so many different types of video. Also the screen makes watching videos look so much better. The Music app that comes on it is nice but nothing special. However the speakers are very loud, much louder than my LG Dare. If you are considering an ipod touch because it is easier to sync with iTunes. This is true it is much easier to sync with iTunes but there is an application for your computer called DoubleTwist that can sync iTunes with your android device and it works very well. This device is a lot better than an ipod touch if you are tired of all of the restrictions Apple has put on their products. You can sync the Archos 43 with any computer! Also videos are much easier to put on! On your computer the Archos 43 appears like a hard drive so you can actually view and add things to it very easily. If you have any questions I can answer them.