It doesn't respond to user input. When a user presses a finger directly on a web link, something should happen. Not nothing. Not shrinking the browser and sliding it to the right. No. Just loading the desired page the link is linked to. Nothing else. Simple web browsing activity. Not forcing the user to press and press and press more than 20 times with no results. The device is unusable.The bezel is huge. The screen is small. This is not desirable. I would prefer a large screen with room for displaying information.The keyboard feature is incredibly odd and difficult to use. Numbers and special characters are not visible, so the user must activate the other two keyboard modes. This is less usable than a standard PC keyboard. I saw no USB port for attaching a standard keyboard. I would hate to write on this device. It is not usable.I wished to log in to my flickr account. My password uses uppercase and lowercase letters. It uses numbers and symbols. It was quite difficult to enter the password with this device's hard to use keyboard. I prefer separate concave keys with permanent markings on them. Unlike flat screens, they offer physical feedback instead of nothing. I have never enjoyed touch screens, and this device confirmed my burning hatred of that weak, pathetic technology.I wished to view my flickr photostream as a slide show to test the screen's picture quality. It was impossible. The device did not support Adobe Flash. The device is completely useless for web browsing without Adobe Flash. I wanted pictures, not an error message and a link to download the Flash player that led to another error message. How can a 21st century web browsing device not support Flash? It is ubiquitous and essential. The device is truly useless.I thought Google Chrome had Flash built in. Evidently I was mistaken. The Android version of Chrome is different and far weaker than the Linux and Windows version. What is the purpose of this operating system, browser, and device? How does not supporting Flash help users wishing to view Flash content?I hate this device. It does not serve my simple needs. A 10 year old desktop PC is more than capable of easily accepting alphanumeric input efficiently, responding to input from pointing devices, and running Adobe Flash in a web browser. The Nexus 7 is garbage. I will avoid all ASUS and Google products from now on.