I am not, by habit, an early adopter.  I tend to wait a generation or two when a new bit of technology hits the market in order to give developers time to iron out the kinks (and also to let the price drop!).  However, as a bike.commuting college student, I decided that some kind of tablet PC would be a worthwhile purchase.I chose the Iconia for three reasons: first, it's Android-based, which means it has access to a nearly limitless array of apps and isn't chained to the mighty Apple juggernaut.  Second, its aluminum shell provides, at very least, an illusion of durability (mine is routinely subject to 10- and 20-mile bike trips in my backpack with only its little grey stand-case and a screen protector separating it from text books, shoes, and other dangers).  Third, and perhaps most importantly, the Iconia  has something other tablets lack: a built-in USB port (note: since I wrote this review, at least one other model has been released with a buil-in USB port, but I still think the Iconia is a winner). The MicroSD slot would have been reason #4, had I realized it had one prior to snagging the last one at a local bricks-and-mortar retailer.All of those selling points have proven themselves thus far. My tablet has come through 4,000 miles in a pickup truck, a week in the Black Rock Desert, a few hundred miles on the bike, and even use as an in-kitchen cookbook with flying colors (update: I now use my Iconia in the kitchen at least once a week, and it's still going strong!).  The USB port lets me plug in keyboards and other peripherals.  The stunning array of available apps keeps me organized, connected, and even entertained (thus far, without spending a dime).  Moreover, it doubles as an eReader and syncs seamlesly with my Google-driven life, including Google docs - so my homework and personal projects are always at hand.The Android OS, meanwhile, offers a sleek, well designed, and flexible user interface -  something I really appreciate.  It's intuitive, with only a slight learning-curve for anyone who has ever used a touch-screen device.That said, the are a few minor kinks.  I type at around 100 wpm on a standard keyboard and pretty fast even on Iconia's touch screen, and the in-browser text refresh rate can be painfully slow.  Likewise, the browser crashes more often than I'd like (update: as of 11/14/2011, this is no longer a major issue).  However, I expect future updates to sort those issues out.I am extremely happy with this purchase.  I expect years of service from this device, and I imagine the experience will only improve over time.Rarely have I enjoyed a new device as much or found one as useful as I find my Iconia.  As the kinks get ironed out, I suspect it to transition from four star awesomeness to five-star perfection.