There is probably little I can add to the general specs that many reviewers have not already spelled out. However, here is my personal experience and path from 'oh no' (when unpacking) to 'oooh' (after a day).Needless to repeat: The gTablet as delivered comes with horrible firmware to the point of un-usability. It is unresponsive and the applications sluggish. Fortunately, pretty much immediately after gaining wireless access the tablet offers an update to a more recent firmware which installs itself and reboots the device in a matter of minutes. The result is a dramatic increase in speed and better applications. While that is all nice and good - without access to the Android market the software would leave a lot to be desired. Yes, you can read your PDFs using the Adobe Reader (which sucks on Android) or you could get ezPDF off the market - if you could access it. Wouldn't it be great if you could rent movies from the market, watch your NetFlix account and play any of the endless number of free or dirt-cheap games off the market? Once you realize this the shiny gTablet and its market alternative look underwhelming. I felt pretty disappointed. However, after a day of Googling and a USB stick I managed to custom flash my ROM (there are many custom versions freely available) the market can be fully unlocked - and what a difference it makes. (While the process of 'flashing it' sounds dangerous and only for the geek - it's really a five minute process that requires little to no technical know-how.)Seriously, out of the box I felt the gTablet was a *very cool* calculator and email program but that was about it. When custom ROM flashed this dirt cheap appliance is a serious iPad contender. NetFlix video plays back in HD quality and pretty much any market app I purchased or downloaded for free worked flawlessly. I do not fully understand the reasons for the problems the stock device has accessing the market (Viewsonic has a new, better and more expensive device in the works that can?!?!) but once unlocked the sky is pretty much the limit.The only minor gripe I have is with the screen and its limited viewing angle but it's within the limits of my pain threshold.At the price that this tablet now sells for (~$260 as of this writing) it's a steal.