I got my Samsung nb30-jp02 about a month ago as an alternative to lugging my macBook around and have put it through the paces in that time with awesome results. As a full-time student I ask a lot from my lappys and this little guy has not disappointed. Structurally it is extremely light but solid with a good balanced feel and exhibits all the qualities that I have come to expect from all the Samsung products I currently own, as well as those I've owned in the past. I love the keyboard as it well sized and seems to take a beating well. Again, full-time student = LOTS of typing and multiple windows/programs running. Touch pad is responsive and well designed, though small (invest in a wireless mouse)  The screen is bright and does well in diverse light conditions due to the matte screen. All the i/o, USB and DVI ports feel solid with the one exception being the power adaptor input which, while good and tight, seems a little vulnerable to torque at off angles and could be a problem if stepped on (as with any input) or if subjected to constant pull (stretched power cord, falling, etc.). The ventilation achieved by the tall battery and generous venting ports in the case is excellent and overheating is not even a concern (outside of leaving the machine running while in a bag/sleeve, which you should never do anyway). Couple things to the people shopping around: Spend the $25 on the 2gig ddr2 RAM upgrade (worth it!) and expect to have to remove some of the bloat-ware if you want to run the Windows 7 Starter (would suggest Windows XP but 7 has not been as bad as I expected so far). After some software clean-up and reorganization, the machine runs great for only having an ATOM processor! You won't be able to view HD video very well, but you don't have the screen resolution to do that properly anyways. Netflix and youtube play just as well as most comps with little stutter or distortion. Sound quality is excellent (speakers are fine for what they are imo) and I should mention that I also run Fruity Loops(music production software) that is VERY demanding on the processor with impressive results. Overall I gave this netbook four very solid stars and would easily have given it five except: the bloat-ware/Windows 7 Starter os, weak power adaptor input, and (my biggest gripe, though it is with the software and NOT the hardware) Windows 7 Starter does not allow you to hook up to an external monitor. Other than these minimal issues, you WILL NOT find a better quality machine for this price! A couple notes to shoppers: This model DOES NOT have a touch screen or a CD/DVD player. My advice? BUY IT!