First of all, if you need a Windows 7 tablet there is precious little alternative. It's a real bonus that the Professional version is included. [The 'Offline Files' feature means that bulk synchronising can be completed seamlessly in the background to a home NAS or other computer.]The packaging is better than expected and the items included mean that extras are not required immediately upon purchase [for example the dock and case]. The build quality appears to be good and performance is acceptable (as a Windows computer).One thing to check prior to purchase is that there appear to be several models that are not readily identified. One option includes GPS, which would have been particularly welcome, but was not included with mine.Unfortunately that is the end of my list of 'pluses'.The touch-screen seems somewhat intermittent, and does not always recognise input has been made.The Windows 7 interface is not ideally suited to finger input, being too small on this native resolution, and the stylus is only marginally better.While the stylus is an improvement over previous generations, there is still a noticeable lag for touch input.The on-screen keyboard is diabolical in comparison to the iPad, with keys being too small, the keyboard being poorly positioned and appearing disproportionate. The docked position (of the onscreen keyboard) is little better. tHe keyboard does not always appear when required and one must resort to the hardware switch (which appears to instigate a different instance and display of the keyboard).The use of a Bluetooth keyboard and trackpad would be a distinct advantage if this is your only travelling device. Another saving grace is that the Remote Desktop feature is enabled in Windows 7 Professional, facilitating admin tasks when at home base.There are the usual issues of managing a Windows computer, monthly updates and the necessity for A-V & firewall.If you want or need one of these you will appreciate that it is no iPad competitor. However, as a replacement for a Windows net-book, it is acceptable. And with an SSD, the performance and resumption from sleep/Hibernate are acceptable.Finally, having used an iPad for a year and never needed a screen protector, this is an absolute must for the Slate. The screen has a prominent scratch within a week (apparently from the stylus).I'm keeping mine for the moment, but will also try the Playbook as a travelling companion (I'm a new BB handset convert, which is a plus but not a necessity for this device). Despite my desire for the tablet format, I'm not sold on touch or stylus input. I will probably end up with a MacBook Air for the same weight, larger screen, better battery life and performance.