I've had it a week and I'm happy with my decision after researching tablets for hours.  The Coby was a good choice because it's a cheap holdover until the next generation tablets come out this year.  After some easy modifications, this tablet presents the best bang for your buck functionality.  I was a little worried about the touchscreen and wifi performance after reading the reviews here and other places, but I'm happy to report those are non-issues for me.  Getting the Google marketplace is pretty easy once you have the correct instructions.  There's a ton of advice out there on how to root your device, but if you have the latest firmware (7015A) use these instructions:[...]Most of the instructions out there won't work for the most recent update, including the popular youtube video.If you don't want to root, and I didn't initially, you can still get Marketplace apps if you have an Android phone.  Just get an app backup from the Marketplace, back-up the apps you want, transfer the files to your PC, and then from your PC to your Kyros.  Then, use a file manager to find the file on your Kyros and install it.  I installed a bunch of apps this way but found it a pain after a while, so ended up just rooting it.  Using the instructions from the above link, it takes an hour or so, so not too bad.  And you only need to use your PC for one step, otherwise everything can be done from the tablet itself.  I would recommend rooting to get the full Android experience.Overall this is a great bargain tablet, but keep your performance expectations in check.  The specs on the machine aren't that great so it's no surprise the tablet bogs down when performing multiple functions.  The screen isn't as vibrant as the more expensive tablets, but that's fine.  I can check my gmail, facebook, surf, Kindle, watch movies, play music and games just fine.  Only thing missing I would normally use is a GPS but what do you expect for $150.  I recommend this product for the budget minded person in the market for an entry-level tablet.