The main reasons I purchased this 7 months ago is for voice dictation on a portable device as well as giving a platform for my 2 year old to do touch screen drawing.I am very happy to report that Dragon 11 and now 11.5 premium works extremely well with my plantronics calisto pro bluetooth headset. The bluetooth on the Iconia pairs with my headset without any trouble, actually the easiest bluetooth pairing I have ever experienced. I sit at my computer workstation and speak into the calisto pro and this tablet captures everything using Dragon without any errors or dropped communication. I finally have a voice recognition system that works - and I have been trying to get to this point for 15 years. Extremely productive. A life saver if you are anyone from a professional to a life long learner. It's a dream come true for a voice recognition capable portable device.My son enjoys the art program I have on it but it frustrates him as I have not figured out a way to lock the menus and screen. Sometimes his hand brushes an area of the screen and some other window opens. Not good....  he does spend an hour drawing while we are on a plane though, then watches children shows. I purchased an external lithium battery pack for extra power while we travel.The cons are:You must get a screen protector and install it immediately. The screen scratches very easily. I also purchased a touch pad stylus as my fingers are too big for some of the icons.The wifi receiver is weak, guess to save on batteries, and it is the 1/2 speed N.How to make it better:Boost your system by inserting at least an 8 GB class 6 SDHC card to expand the memory and for heaven's sake get something like ebooster 4 and set the memory cache on the SDHC card to 4 gigs. You will get at least a 14% speed boost, it's a major improvement, I think mine is closer to 20% with Dragon. Windows 7 comes with something like ebooster called readyboost but I don't bother with Microsoft tweakers as they are never the best.Otherwise I won't repeat what others have said, but there is a reason this baby's price has not gone down in 7 months whereas I can get Android game playing internet tablets for half the price and the Acer Iconia Android model is dropping a lot this month...  I have regretted buying netbooks (we have 3, one is a media center that is rarely used, one is for security cameras and the other is my wife's and I try to stash it somewhere dark so I don't have to look at it). I will never regret buying this Iconia. The only other good purchase I made was Gateway 14" tablets 5 years ago, both still work and still do excellent handwriting recognition.