I was really looking forward to liking this tablet. Immediately, however, it began to disappoint. First, it's really thick!  Also First:  this is not a multi-touch tablet. My bad, I should have caught that when I ordered it. I should not have assumed.Second, the keypad touchscreen interface is very, very awkward. Missed letters and slow response make typing painful and error-prone.Third, the UI is downright ugly. It really looks like my experimental Linux desktop after I spent hours getting it installed and running 8 years ago - sparse and clunky. Just a couple of apps.Fourth: The browser is really a dog. It reminds me of the browser my Nokia clamshell phone had in 2004. To zoom in, you double-touch. To zoom out - same. That's it. No variable scaling. Did I mention there is no multi-touch? OK, getting over it.How about I play one of the tens of thousands of games on the android market? Ummm, let's see, where's that Android Market app? Sorry - no Android Market. There is the Cruz Market, though, so that's gotta have the same apps I like, right? Nope. In fairness, I didn't search for Czech HangMan, just those Angry Birds, which were nowhere to be found.Other problem: The touchscreen started randomizing the calibration points. Once that happened, the unit wouldn't even unlock, as I had to guess where to touch the screen. That required a system reset, but in the meantime provided a modicum of entertainment.It's an unfair comparison, given the 2.5x cost difference, but I was given an iPad this Christmas, and while the roads on the Apple-only Turnpike I'm forced to drive on collect frequent tolls, at least the roads are paved. That iPad personal entertainment device sure does handle nicely.So I prepare for return my sad Cruz Tablet with all the technological flash of a pre-gladsnost Moscow taxi, with its lonley sparse desktop and nowhere to get decent apps.  Shall I keep it and hope that I can find something to do with it?  Why Bother?Back to Cruz with you, my sad friend. Do Svidaniya.