My 8 year old son has autism. His $6,000 communication device burned out about 2 months before the iPad came out - so we started looking. This fantastic device has a communication program (Proloquo2go) that is PERFECT for him. So what we have now is a fabulous multi-tasking device for my son. He communicates using PLQ2Go, he can also read books we download (The Cat in the Hat, etc.) or they can be read to him. He has horrible handwriting, so in school he can use the Notes application to type, which is great since we can hardly interpret his handwriting. There are educational apps (spelling, math, etc) which will help reinforce what he is learning in a fun way.One con I have is using the device in a noisy location (classroom with lots of kids) - you need an external speaker, which we have on order.We are VERY terrified of him dropping it, but as we have few alternatives, I'd rather replace a $500 device than a $5000 device (neither of which are covered by insurance). We have a binder/cover on order - and I'll look for a padded travel case as well which should have a handle. But this is just the thing for us.My other complaint (not sure if it's ipad related or not) - I personally hate the app store - at least via the iPad. I cannot find much unless I know EXACTLY what I'm looking for, and in searching for educational apps that my son can use - it's only by luck that I find anything. I think I need some tutoring, and will get to that when I have a free moment (ha!) but otherwise I recommend this as a great AAC device. (p.s. the Proloquo2go works great on the iPod phone and touch - which my son will probably graduate to - but he needs the big screen right now).For those of you who are complaining that it's a larger or heavier iPod, or not as functional as a laptop, etc. Then don't buy it. But you won't convince me. I've been using my son's - and now I want my own! Books, email, etc. I don't have a laptop (I have a desktop) and I like this because I can carry it around the house and use it while I do things with my kids. Last night I was playing Monopoly with my daughter on the family room floor while tracking some of these packages that I'm expecting. Also, there are apps that I can download which I haven't even explored yet.