At first I was excited to get this "magical" and "revolutionary" gadget. Then reality crept in, and for a while it seemed like I had purchased a very overpriced netbook without a keyboard. But with the Kindle app for reading and Netflix for movies, it was really great for those two uses. And then more apps came on board, iTalk for recording meetings, Goodreader for opening all those different file formats, Atomic web browser with all the features missing from Mobile Safari, plus more. And the games. All those games. My PS3, Wii, Xbox, and PSP are collecting dust. Games on the iPad are great, getting better, and relatively cheap, usually under five bucks, compared to fifty or sixty for console games.There came a day when I realized that I hadn't touched my netbook or laptop for weeks. I still lugged the netbook around, mostly out of habit, but I never used it. Things were easier on the iPad. And faster, overall--I could turn on the iPad, load an app like Mail or Facebook or weather and be done with it, and have the iPad back in the bag in the same time it would take my netbook to completely wake up (not just for Windows to show up, but to get to where I could actually run a program). Plus, the iPad seems to have endless battery life. Plug it in every few days, and it's fine. I've become used to seeing 5% battery left and not instantly saving everything and looking for an electrical outlet. 5% is plenty of time. Also, if I have to type something long, which the iPad is pretty poor for, you know what? I use my desktop computer. There isn't really a use when my laptop is a better choice than either the iPad or my "real" computer. But I have big fingers, so I find the keyboard on my netbook to be only slightly less useless than the iPad's virtual one, and my laptop to be a poor substitute for the full-sized keyboard on my desktop.The only things I don't like about the iPad after using it for these many months are: The weight. About half the weight would be good. And the AT&T; 3G. It is essentially useless where I live. I unsubscribed and turned it off for good after about a month of frustration. If and when there's a Verizon 3G iPad, I'll think very seriously about getting one.Overall, I love it. I use it constantly. I've heard similar stories from other people: neat toy for a few days, then buyer's remorse, then it just sneaks into your life and the next thing you know, you can't live without it.