GOOD:1. The size is perfect for me. I like the 'page format' of this tablet. Other Android screen size is perfect for movies but lack usability on 'document size' pdf or doc's.2. External USB 2.0 is great. I like the ability to plug in a thumb drive or external hard drive and have access to it.3. ISC(Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.3) is a good and bad. The good is it is ICS (bad later).4. Fast charge when needed (average charge time is about 3 hours).5. Can use some iPad or iPad2 cases. Camera on back is issue as well as buttons but there are work arounds.BAD:1. They screwed up! The partition for installing app is only 500meg and over 13gig as SD_CARD. Some things can be moved there and stored and run from there but if you are an APP HOG you will get about a few installed then you will be very upset. (They are suppose to be working modifying the size but for try Android lovers this will be a big upset).2. Speakers are not that great. If you have headphones use them!3. Screen brightness and clarity are good but it can give a flat look to images sometimes.4. MicroSD does not have a cover. You are not careful you can hit it and have it eject and fall out.5. ISC from above. While it says 4.0.3 there are many apps that will not install or work correctly. Chrome is one (you would think Google Android and Google Chrome would be a natural!) I hope when they resolve the partition issue I hope they will juice it a bit to run some REAL ICS apps.6. 1 GIG memory and 1 GIG single core processor is a year or more behind the curve. I would have loved a dual or quad 1.5 with 2 GIG memory.Over all, if you are looking for an android table that will give you a large screen format good for reading, thin and light tablet that is NOT a large outpouring of money then this will be good for you. If you are looking for a low cost Samsung Tab or Motorola XOOM with speed and processor power look somewhere else. As a tablet that will be easy to hold and read and have some good extra features that you can live with for a year or so this might fit your needs. I personally consider this to be a work in progress. Version 2 or 3 should really be great if Achros doesn't get discouraged and they put some muscle in the next version then they really could challenge Apple in the table field.UPDATE: As of August 17, 2012 the issue is not resolved on the partition size, this after two weeks from first notification. I am lowering my recommendation from 3 to 1. I'm disappointed greatly.UPDATE: As of August 22, 2012 I am returning the tablet today. So much potential but dropped ball.