Device came in the mail in about a week. It was in great shape.The battery only lasts about 30 minutes but batteries areconsumable and it was probably the original battery that was soldwith the device back in 2008.I did not realize there are 4 orignal options for the screen. There is astandard XGA (1024 x 768), a View Anywhere version of the XGAwhich improves reading of the screen in direct sunlight, an SXGA screen(1400 x 1050) and an Ultraview Anywhere of the SXGA that also allowsbetter reading in direct sunlight. I have read that the standard SXGAis better than the XGA View Anywhere as the higher resolution reallymakes the screen POP! My LE1700 came with the standard SXGA screenand it really is FABULOUS!I bought it for the sole purpose to put Windows 8 Pro on it. The Windows8 tablets on the market today are going for more than $600.00 andthey usually come with Windows 8 RT. You cannot run standard Windowsapps on RT.Windows 8 Pro installed near perfectly. All of the drivers were installedautomatically. The only issues I had were 1) Even though the bluetoothdrivers seemed to be installed, I could not bring up the bluetoothmenu in Windows 8 to pair to anything. I am using an IOGEAR bluetoothdongle for my bluetooth needs. 2) Pen flicks works on it but performsexceptionally bad. Disable pen flicks. Firefox has a Grab and Drag pluginthat does the same as pen flicks that does work very well. But, onlywhen using Firefox.I would also recommend upgrading the RAM to at least 3GB.Performance is not an issue with Windows 8 and the device is veryresponsive and works very well. Even with Youtube, Netflix and Hulu.Just be aware that this thing weighs a little over 3 lbs. And it hasa 12.1 inch screen which is rather large by today's tablet standardswhere the largest tablets come in at 10.1 inch size.But, unlike the tablets you can but today, this tablet runs just aboutany application that runs on Windows 7 and a lot that run onWindows XP.Buy it! Put Windows 8 Pro on it! Love it! Use it!There is a keyboard dock for it, as well, which can be had fortypically under $30.00. Its a nice addition.I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the pen flicks issues andalso because the bottom of the device gets pretty HOT. All of thereviews of the device say this and they blame it on the duo coreprocessor. Its not that awful, but it will get rather warm using itfor an extended period of time.