I have had this AT&T; GT for 4 days now and it is a keeper for me, I would have given it 5 stars but read on.  I have had a few Droid phones and currently use a Droid2, I also have a 7" rebranded Haipad 701 running 2.2.1 so I have a fair amount of Droid experience.  Right out of the box this unit runs very solid and smooth, the capacitive touch screen is so easy to use in comparison to the 701's resistive screen.  That is what I hoped for; flicking, scrolling, tapping, choosing accurately etc is a big frustration on the 701 but very nice on the GT.  WiFi works great, I was on line within minutes of opening the box.  There are many apps that you can install to make your GT suit your use/lifestyle, great versatility.Obviously I really like this GT but that does not mean it is perfect, therefore the 4 stars. It has some Samsung issues and AT&T; has done their best to cripple it to their advantage which is a shame, but all the vendors cripple their GT's (like they do their phones) just in different ways.1st Issue: The included Browser is really clunky and just plain bad.  If you run Flash on it, the Browser slows way down and scrolling pages is jerky and....L.S.S.: just download Dolphin Browser from the Market, problem solved.2nd: AT&T; has it set up to stop all app loading unless the apps are from the Market-there are ways around it though (Google to get help).3rd: Euro carriers allow it to be a phone in Europe but this has been crippled in the States, I don't want this feature myself but there are ways to get that functionality (Google it).4th: US carriers have, naturally, cut off the ability to wireless tether it to a rooted phone running the "Wireless Tether" app, there are ways...(Google it).5th: All carriers load a lot of bloatware on the GT (not surprising) you can get rid of it if you want to.There are other things that need attention too but I can't think of any that can't be cured with a little, or sometimes a lot of careful research and implementation (except the current price). Unfortunately some of these changes can void your warranty.  It is a shame that Android, the supposed "open" OS is saddled with Samsung and US carrier crippling.  But for some people overcoming these obstacles is a challenge.