I have had my Iconia for almost 2 months. I bought it based on how impressed I was with a friends ASUS tablet. While I do love my iPhone and other Apple products, I really didn't need a tablet and didn't want to spend the money on an iPad. This brought me to the Acer. I should also say this is my first experience with anything Android.Things I like:The screen size is perfect for viewing video and reading.Love the ability to put a micro SD in to expand storage.Believe it or not, this thing takes pretty good pictures and video.Of course, I love the ability to sink my gmail account with the device.Navigation is a breeze!!Very easy to adjust settings.Love using the Iconia for recipes and cooking! Perfect kitchen companion! Easy to glance down and read.Things I'm not so fond of:The keyboard is easy to use but has its downsides. For instance, I am a touch typist and don't have to look at the keyboard. On this I can only type using index fingers and constantly hit the N key when I want the space bar. No way could I touch type with it.I also find it to be a bit slow when surfing the net. Once a page is loaded, its fine. Loading is just a bit slow.I have 3 different browsers installed and they all crash at one point or another. The pre-installed browser is still the best and almost never crashes.The Android marketplace isn't quite up to snuff with Apples. I find the apps you do pay for to be more expensive and just not all that great. The free ones (Angry Birds for example) are stuffed with ads! I realize that's what makes them free but I'd like a "pay with no ads" option. If you are an app-a-holic, the Droid marketplace will be disappointing. Additionally, certain apps haven't converted to Honeycomb for the Android tablets so they don't come up full screen. Why are they in the marketplace?Overall, I feel that the Android OS is still young and needs refinement. This is a great piece of equipment and I'm sure as the OS updates, it will get better. If you want a tablet but don't want to spend a ton of money, this might be the one for you. I use it daily and am enjoying it so don't be misled by the rating. I just feel that I wanted more from Android. I can definitely see these tablets cutting in on the laptop market share once all of the bugs are ironed out!