THE IPAD 3 [...]IPAD 2 [This is by no means a comprehensive review like some of the award winning ones which have already said it all... here's my 2cents.]Unlike the many early adopters whom I typically identify myself with, this time I held out and waited ... for the iPad 2.  Through gritted teeth whilst my friends enjoyed the cute novelty of the first release, I sweated out the wait for the version with the itty bitty webcameras and it was well worth the wait.  What is the point if you can't skype or facetime?An iPad is simply handicapped without a webcam, well, Apple made up for it with a vengence by having TWO in version 2! One at the back one at the front to toggle between.  Making self-photography a breeze to compose and shoot with minimal error.  FaceTime, the apple version of skype now comes bundled to facilitate easy "skype-ing" between iPad owners (akin to free video calls on the back of a wifi network).  This is video networking made accessible to the masses.This also becomes your camera and video camera for web publishing - the resolution though not the highest is laudable. And the pixel warehouse for your digital camera to download to when one is travelling.Like the iPhone, the iPad further usurps the position of the iPod relegating it further into the abyss of obsolescence - by incorporating a digital iPod inside for portable music & video storage and playback. It is not hard to allow one's life to revolve around this little tablet which makes it both a great productivity & recreational tool. Akin the hp's iPaq in 2004 except much more versatile graphically and with a much improved touchscreen.The plethora of apps available at the Apple appStore is like a digital candy store (hundreds of thousands). So much to sample so much to buy.  Brilliant marketing to make it so cheaply available.  The volume drive works beautifully during this post GFC era where excesses are a little less rampant and frugality rules the day. 0.99 cents for a shot of adrenalin or seretonin secretion is not an unattractive proposition.Goodbye to clutter as subscriptions go digital.  And you get to carry your entire collection (of music, newspapers, magazines, books & photographs) with you wherever you go, all contained within less than 595g of hip and style.However security issues are not yet airtight hence I would hesitate to use this for personal banking or other such usesA Happy Camper =)ps...musicians can now digitally purchase musicsheets and store, transport them in this compact little marvel - reducing clutter, making the entire repertoire portable and easily accompany you everywhere, to practice, to recitals, etc. The only downside perhaps is you get one page at a time instead of the usual 2 page spread.