I've had the 16gb Thrive for 3 days now. The Thrive is in my opinion the best tablet available. The things that set it apart from other tablets are: Removable battery, Full size HDMI port, Full size USB 2.0 port as well as a mini USB port. All on board with no dock or adapters necessary. You can take your SD card right out of your camera and plug it in to the Thrive ( Handles up to 128 GB SDXC, what?!!) . Toshiba was smart enough to include a file manager that makes it super easy to move data or media between the tablet and SD card or external hard drive, etc. Running Honeycomb 3.1 right out of the box as well. The wifi is the best I have seen, better than any device in my house and I have a lot. Tethers to my Android phone with no problem. The audio is the best I have heard on a tablet.Toshiba worked with SRS and it shows. (One note, the default volume levels are low. Go into settings and adjust right away) The screen is better than the Xoom but not quite as good as the Samsung (in my opinion) and it seems to do better with higher quality and higher resolution content. Looks phenomenal when viewing pictures from my Canon Digital with an L lens. Color accuracy is excellent,not just oversaturated like some other tablets. The screen response is great. Ran a multitouch test and it recognizes 4 separate touch points simultaneously. 2mp front camera and 5 MP back camera are both very good with good lighting. All in all this tablet offers more interoperabilty than anything on the market. It charges really fast, 90% in 90 minutes. Very, very happy with my decision to go with the Thrive. I had considered the Asus but with the horrific build quality issues and lightbleed I decided against it. I am so glad I waited because Toshiba got it right, right out of the box! This thing is solid! No creaking or flex. No loose bezel. Zero lightbleed. A tablet is the sum of all its parts and in the words of Charlie Sheen, #Winning!Update: 14 hrs today on the battery with fairly heavy surfing and some music and video. The battery gave me 6-7 hrs the first few charges. Wow, I didn't think it would improve this much! Really happy with the Thrive!