I like this Cruz reader. Out of the box I first charged it and read the user's guide online while charging. Then, I downloaded the last FW, which was simple after going to cruzreader com and reading instructions. I then tried to setup my wifi but that was annoying cause I forgot to recalibrate it after the FW update. After reclibrating it, typing my password for my wifi was much easier (I used a retractable pen w/o metal tip -- plastic), which I recommend for using keyboard). Setting up gmail was easy. I thought web pages loaded pretty quickly and wifi signal was good (much better than my Next3; on Next3 I had to be on top of the router, figuratively) going from room to room. I haven't downloaded my music so I don't know about the sound. One thing I noticed with cruz is the time (although when I look at settings it shows correct time - central) is ahead by an hour and every time I change it, it keeps going ahead by an hour. I tried unchecking automatic but it keeps changing (ahead by an hour). I guess I could just set the time an hour back and maybe then it'll show the correct time. (Not a big deal unless it's a foreshadowing thing about what's to come.) I downloaded some free books f/Borders and also downloaded Kiindle app (Cruz Market), which work well. Figuring out how to get my library books was a bit confusing and time consuming, for me. I keep hearing "install overdrive medial console for android," so I did. Well, I couldn't figure out how to use it for library books. (I also have Next3 and w/Next3, all I needed was adobe digital edition to get my library books and the books showed up in the preinstalled Borders app.) After spending hours (yes, hours, I'm very untechy) researching, I finally was able to get my library books. First install txtr (found in Cruz Market); then, go to txtr dot com and sign up for free acount; then, sign up for adobe digital edition. Open up ADE and connect cruz to computer; go to txtr dot com and upload library books from ADE (c:\users\YourAccountName\Documents\MyDigitalEditions\title of book). Unplug your cruz (use remove hardware safely feature). On cruz, open txtr, go to arhives and the book should be there to download. I hope this is helpful to someone; this was the most important feature for me (to read library books). Be patient w/device and get used to the touch sensitivity (or lack thereof) and once you play around with it a bit, it becomes much easier to navigate. I just got this yesterday and am still learning.Update: Feel completely silly. Ignore my "helpful" tip on how to get your library book. Although the above works, use overdrive for android, which is better. (I finally was able to figure out overdrive media console and it's much nicer and easier to use.)