The title sums up my experience with the Acer W500 tablet: Familiarity with the Windows environment makes the purchase a compelling reason. Others have written compelling and informative Reviews here and so, I hope, mine will attempt to add to their experience.The most compelling reason to get this tablet is not only the excellent hardware and price-point but also the fact that you have a light-weight touch friendly device running a full fledged Windows operating system instantly. Sure, you can use some customization like making the menu bar/scroll buttons larger as well as installing Chrome Touch Extension but, even without these, the touch experience is not all too bad and you have a device ready to be your e-reader (Kindle for PC) your media player (home networked video files/Netflix to HDTV), your light-work (or full for some) computer (with the keyboard) right away.Let me emphasize how easy it feels to have your tablet doing all you can without having to worry about 'app' searching for tasks. I also own an Asus Transformer running the latest Android 3.2. But I found out that for most functionality I had to hunt for 'apps' and then configure them after finding the right ones. Netflix app alone was a pain to find and then hack-install. Want to Remote Desktop? Buy an expensive app with below-bar experience. Want to use your LogmeIn account to connect to some home machine? Yup, buy an app. Office functionality? The supplied application not up to the task for that. Play home videos from the network drive? Not easy. The Asus would be great if my needs were only about web browsing.But this Acer can handle all that. In a few hours I was setup for all my basic computing needs. I played Netflix just fine (except HD to the TV in full screen occasionally halted); the home videos off a network storage run just fine. Remote desktop setup fine. VPN client to corporate site fine. Haven't tried Office but that would be fine too. LogmeIn just fine.If you are craving for a reasonably priced hardware to run Windows (and that too with physical keyboard option) then get this one. You can always install Windows 8 Developer Preview on it--the tablet experience is much better with Windows 8. But regardless this is a useful tablet unlike the fashion statements dominating the market these days.