I bought this netbook to take notes with during class. The touch screen made it the best choice since I was going to be using it for a calculus class, and typing equations out would have taken too long.I knew I wouldn't be using Windows on it, so as soon as I got it, I installed Ubuntu 10.10 onto it via a USB drive. The touch screen worked well. After playing around with it a bit, and using the Ubuntu Wiki, I got the computer running exactly as I had wanted it to. Multitouch works wonderful on it, on both the mouse pad and the screen. I have not used Windows on the netbook at all, so I have no idea how well it functions using it. I have only ever run Ubuntu on it, although I did keep Windows on it should I need to use it for something or other.I bought it along with the Corsair Memory VS1GSDS800D2 1 GB PC2-6400 800Mhz 200-pin DDR2 Laptop Memory Kit. Never having installed anything into the actual hardware of the computer, I didn't attempt to put it in right away. On Ubuntu, I didn't notice much of a lag unless I would have open more than 4 tabs and Pandora (or YouTube). However, after getting a friend to help me install the additional RAM, this lag is now gone. The RAM itself was tricky to install, and I thought it was going to break. You have to make sure you push it all the way in to where none of the gold pins at the bottom of it are showing.I'm very pleased with the chiclet keyboard as well. It is easy to clean for when it gets dirty, and is the perfect size for my hands. The keyboard itself was one of the reasons I had wanted to get an Asus. My best friend had gotten one, and I really liked the way the keyboard was laid out. The multitouch was also a deciding factor.The thing that worries me is the screen swivel. Mine has not broken yet (and I hope it never does), but I just worry that the screen going to break off or something. It doesn't seem horribly fragile, but I am not rough at all with the netbook. I keep it in a case I bought that I always keep out of reach of my younger siblings. I have dropped it twice, but there is no damage to anything.It was a good buy for the money, and I would definitely recommend this to others.