By far the worse experience I have had with any consumer product.  I finally received the product only to have it shipped with a dead screen.  Let me put it as simple as possible...What type of company ships electronics with dead screens?  It is probably better that this happened since with the absence of a quality department in the company...who knows what other problems could lurk on such a complex product.  BTW...I tried to contact Le Pan and was told from a recording that the number was busy.03/07 UpdateWell,  in the race to see who is more responsive between Circuit City (the seller via Amazon) or Lepan,  Lepan is winning the race.  They sent me instructions for the return that I am following.  I have not received anything from Circuit City.03/26  UpdateI called LePan this past Friday and it appears that they have received it and are fixing the tablet.  I am a little hesitant though as they have stopped updating the process.  So here I am almost one month and still without a working tablet.04/26  UpdateWell I finally received a tablet.  This was after receiving a notification from Le Pan that I would have to wait in line since they had so many RMA's that they could not possibly tell me when I would receive it.  I finally contacted the Amazon A-Z team(after that update from Lepan).  I am assuming that the A-Z team must have gotten involved, as I was surprised to received the tablet in the mail on Monday of this week.  Now the only issue is that they actually sent me the wrong model and not the tablet II that I had bought and then sent back to them.  It also seems that the Customer Service is more responsive at LePan as they were pretty quick to response that they were sorry for the error and will send me another one and than I can send back this one.  Let's cross my fingersSo in summary....if you feel like dealing with "Peggy" who is located in somewhere (that you will never be able to identify) and have time to deal with emails, phones call to which in turn frustrate the hell out of you and a wife that will remind you of "you get what you pay for"....well buy one of these.  Or you could just entertain yourself by lighting 3 one hundred bills on fire and watching them burn.  Obviously my confidence with this tablet in at the ground floor level and if I have any more problems with this brand,  I will take it out to the driveway and promptly back over it with my car and then go back to the store to buy something else.