Though it doesn't claim to be an alternative to the iPad, the Cruz Reader still doesn't stand on it's own as a reasonable eBook reader. The problem is that the device aims to do everything from email and web browsing to books and games. Which would be great accept that the Cruz does none of these things well. This mostly stems from the near-unusable touch pad that forces you to press hard on every key stroke. Hitting the "Home" and "Back" buttons only seems to work about half of the time. Then there's there's the lag issue. Right out of the box, the Cruz seems to move at a snail's pace. Simply sliding through your apps feels choppy and slow. Almost as if the device were doing a dozen things at once even while doing nothing at all. What's worse, the Android 2.0 market that the device supports is so outdated that it practically defeats the purpose of having an Android device.Normally I hate it when companies force you to install additional software on your computer to make their electronic devices work, but in the case of the Cruz Reader any additional software support to get files onto the device would have helped. If you just happen to have any epub files not connected with either borders or kindle, good luck getting them to work on this thing. Your only option is to download one of several useless reader apps from the Cruz market and suffer through the bad software. The best I could get was a reader that would display the books at a staggeringly slow pace and with cropped letters on each edge of the page. Also, no indication of page number whatsoever. Would it have been so much to ask that Cruz develop a simple proprietary reader for this device so that when you click on an epub file you actually get to read it?Put simply, this thing is junk. Don't waste your money. For the price, buy a device with decent book-reading capabilities like the kindle or the nook. Sure, they can't run Android apps but neither can the Cruz really. Beyond reading email and some basic web-surfing, this thing doesn't seem to be meant for humans to use.