Well, after my purchase and quick sale of an Amazon Kindle, I decided to get a full-fledged tablet...I wanted more than black and white txt on a screen-but wanted simplicity. And after alot of research and keenly considering factors such as screen size, capability, quality, etc., I bought this one (about 5 months ago-I've had time to test it out)... I must say I am pretty happy with the purchase!Some of the pros vary for me, a major one being Android Honeycomb. It asks you to update from time to time, and it does so rather quickly. About 2 weeks ago it COMPLETELY updated and changed the icons and txt, much prettier and faster. I am really impressed by this. The apps work pretty well most of the time, hardly ever crashes for me. Other huge pros are the HDMI out-you have to buy a cable, 20 bucks on Amazon-and I can rent a movie, play it off this while on battery, and it looks gorgeous-even dims the screen for ya. Its not BluRay quality per se, but just as good as regular DVD. Another good quality is the speed, for the most part, it handles most games and high quality video pretty well. However, I have a large collection of AVI (divx and xvid encoded), and 25% pf the time it acts buggy... Skype works awesome for me, and most issues with limitations can be solved with apps (easy file transfer, BTooth stuff, even remote desktop to control your home computer-sweet!). The price I got this at was incredible, which should also make my comments about cons moot-under 300 bucks I spent!The cons are pretty clear for me, as I have now had a chance to see other tablets and compare. It is a bit heavy. If Im reading a book on Kindle or Magazine on Zinio, it will tire your hand out. Most tablets will do it to an extent, but this is on the heavy side. Also, a lack of (some exceptions)affordable accessories-not even close to what Ipad offers. The acer BT keyboard is like 65 bucks-and not very many options to turn this into a sleek mini desktop. I intend to travel alot and write, so this is crucial for me. Also, the Wifi will cut off while not using, even after I set the setting to leave it on-charger or not. I have to manually reconnect, very annoying.All in all, I am way more happy than displeased, and will never regret the purchase. But due to dual core tablets changing to quad cores, the speed of all things computer getting faster, and lighter...its only a matter of time before I upgrade. But I intend to prolong that decision AMAP!