But so far I don't completely hate it lol.  If your a savvy, high tech electronic gadgets type person then this tablet will frustrate you. As for me... I am on a budget but have been dying to get in on this new tablet craze!  For the most part this Cruz t301 while fairly outdated and basic,  does a good job when you consider the price being under 100 bucks.  It has a good clean design and a sturdy build. The biggest most annoying draw back is not being able to install a flash player ( no youtube or most other streaming video websites that require adobe flash).  Angry birds is not accessible either,  but i can live with out having those.  After working on the phone with tech support I did finally update my tablet to android 2.2.  The difference doesn't seem like a whole lot but it does help. This tablet streams videos well when you can find a site that will support it.  You have to have patience with the touchscreen too.  Sometimes you have to touch the same tab about 3-4 times before it finally registers. Other then that it has HUGE memory possibilities up to 32MB with an added SD card (I have a 8MB card and its been more then enough) and countless apps mostly from getjar.com market.  The standard e-reader is a nice touch and I already have 4 FREE books form the pre-installed amazon kindle app,  including a free bible book. Overall I think the 3 stars is right.  This lil tablet shines as a web browser but lacks the flash memory needed for streaming videos. Still... I would not consider this a waist of money as you can still get good use out of it,  however it is fairly basic when you compare it to more expensive tablets but like I said if your on a budget and want some useful/portable/affordable entertainment, just like to check your email, go on facebook or just play a few games then the Velocity Cruz t301 is for you. The thing I like most is if I'm away from my computer I can use the web browser to pay ALL my bills if I needed to as the browser works fine!  Bottom line... It's a poor man's ipad basically.