I'm not an Apple groupie or a member of the Apple "cult." I have a Motorola Droid phone and I use the Amazon Kindle for reading books. When I wanted to get a tablet I decided on the ipad since the reviews were mostly through the roof, with the exception of a disgruntled customer who bought a used one and is mad at the seller. I also wanted to try an Apple product out and see what all the shouting was about.Now that I have had the device for over a month I can tell you that it is well built and solid. I like the simplicity which some might find limiting since unlike my Droid phone, there is only one main button for navigating in and out of applications and a volume control & on/off switch. That's it. The virtual keyboard is plenty large enough for most tasks but is really not designed to replace a laptop computer... yet. I have the ipad first generation 64gig so there is no camera and that's fine with me.The nitch I typically use this device for is reading e-mail, reading news stories, watching Netflix movies and playing games. It usually does these functions flawlessly. I didn't get a case since it adds to the bulk. I keep it stored/protected in a thin cotton bag that doubles as a screen wipe. I know I know, some may find this sacrilegious, especially Apple heads. Like I said the device is solidly built. A friend of mine commented that the ipad is just a big iphone or ipod touch. I don't know, I don't own either.The only negative I have found is that some apps require an additional step to load into the ipad. A text window appears telling me I have to go to the Apple App store from my desk top computer, link my device to the desk top and finish loading the app into the ipad from there. I haven't done that yet but why the additional step with some apps? Can someone explain that to me? All the apps I want to add to my Droid phone can be done in one step by simply going to the Droid market place. If you are considering a tablet, the ipad is a good choice. Overall, I am happy with my decision.