The previous model used Android 2.1 which wasn't so good on this. This version is largely the same, but uses Android 2.3.It is an excellent product for its intended use. I primarily use it / plan to use it (I have only had this model for two days) to read books and browse the Internet.Installing the Amazon Appstore is the first thing one should do.EDIT: To give more information about using this device (which I say is "five stars", but that is only when judged against my expectations), the shortcomings of it are it has a slightly sluggish interface, the resistive touch screen is not as elegant as other touch screens, and the hardware controls are slightly less optimal. However, as a portable, light, device which can be used to view media (from MicroSD card, Internet, etc), use certain apps (Kindle app, Audible app, browser of your choice, etc), and have an internal stylus, and be a good price, it is a great product. Not all devices which fit a vague form factor are meant to be the same. The iPad, the Acer Iconia Tab (which I recommend for someone wanting something bigger and more capable than the Kyros), and other devices all not all the same. Compared to the iPad and Acer Iconia Tabs, the Kyros is poor competition on a technological level. However, given that I have owned several tablets (including the iPad, the Acer, and two other Kyros's, and the Nook Color), and have returned to the Kyros after selling or returning others, it has its strong points for certain uses. My uses are relatively lightweight. Mostly reading and web browsing with occasional Youtube is what I did on the other devices any way, and this is the best device (other Kyros models may be better for certain uses, the Kyros 7024 or the larger models) for what I use it for, and the best price. The weaknesses of the Kyros are also its strengths. It is not as capable, so it costs less. It is smaller, so it is lighter. It has a resistive touch screen, so one can use anything to use the touch screen including the stylus which is held inside the upper right corner of the device.