I didn't buy my Thrive here, instead got it at Best Buy because I had GC I needed to burn, BUT, few initial thoughts coming from an iPad2:1.  Screen is 16X9 style wide; which is a plus for me, can fit more in.2.  Sync'ed up with my Droid2 gmail account within 10 minutes; all app's carry over, AWESOME!3.  SD and USB Card Slot; WHY IN THE WORLD, have we accepted otherwise?! For a photographer, this is awesome, I can take pics and look at them on a nice, large screen (as long as they are JPG, haven't test Nikon .NEF raw yet, will update on that later)4.  Did I mention the USB drive expansion above? Hello, I can read my work documents on a fly now without having to email them to myself...sure, cloud options are great, but this is a WiFi tablet, I can't have access to the web all the time...5.  Snappy performance and NO ISSUES after the Toshiba update was installed, which was prompted to me within minutes of starting up--> apparently the update fixed a lot of early bug issues, so all is well.6.  Screen resolution is good, NOT too glossy, but def not as rich in colors as the Xoom or Ipad2; so 1 negative.7.  Honeycomb operating is awesome and LOVE the multi-tasking; however, takes getting used to.8.  Thick; this is a man's Tablet, not skinny like the Xoom or Ipad2...but it's not really heavy, so unsure how to describe it.  I'm 5'10" and wear Size Large (wink wink) Ski gloves, and I can hold and type with some effort in the horizontal mode.  So possibly a 2nd negative?9.  Replaceable/removable batter --> HELLO, why isn't this vaunted MORE?! You can buy several batteries and travel overseas with no issues if you're a power user; NEGATIVE is that battery lasts 25% less than my iPad2...but who cares, I can pop in a new battery! So both a positive and negative; net net 0.10. Quasi Rubber back, durable...I LOVE that I don't feel like this will break...the back cover that houses the replaceable battery is nice and durable.  Can be swapped if you want it to look girly.  It's nice. A def PLUS.Total score (10 points total)...7 positives, 2 negatives, and 1 neutral.  NOT bad for tablet that's $100 CHEAPER than the rest...AND has expansion capacities.