I have had this tablet for 10 days now.  So far I am impressed.  I've had a first generation iPad since it was first released and my cell phone is an iPhone 4.  This tablet performs better (CPU speed and memory) than my iPad which crashes frequently since the last iOS upgrade. Side by side, there is no noticeable difference between the screen size, image quality, brightness, contrast, etc. between the two devices.  It came with Android 4 (Ice Cream Sandwich).  I have not rooted it, side loaded any applications, or tinkered with it in any way.  In the 10 days I have had it, I have charged the battery twice. I use the device 1.5 to 2 hours a day.  I also purchased a 32GB SD Micro memory card bringing the total memory to 40GB.I have some movies in MV4 format that I play on the the iPad.  I copied these to the SD card.  At first a message popped up saying it didn't know how to play the MV4 file.  I changed the extensions to MP4 and they play perfectly.  If you haven't heard of HandBrake, Google it.  It's a nice tool to convert DVDs to files that play on portable devices.I easily configured both my Gmail and corporate Microsoft Exchange mail accounts.All the images I have stored in Picasa Web Albums magically appeared in the photo gallery.I have downloaded dozens of apps from Google Play and/or the Amazon app store.  All run just fine.It found and connected to my wireless router with ease.  It shows a half dozen other wireless routers (my neighbors I assume) which neither my iPhone nor iPad detect.Pros: Has a camera, SD Slot, HDMI output (which I will probably never use), auto brightness adjustment.Cons: Volume button is difficult to find.  Google Play doesn't have as many apps as the Apple App Store and there aren't as many Android apps specific to tablets as there are for iPads.Summary: For ~$250 (including the SD card) I got a great performing tablet with 40GB of storage which is comparable if not better than the 16GB iPad for which I paid $600.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the volume button and because it did not come with headphones.Side note: I purchased the Blurex leather case/stand for the Le Pan II and it fits perfectly.