I've had my Nexus for seven months now and it has proven to be nothing like what I got it for... Sounds bad, right?  I got it to replace my Palm Pilot, the third I'd owned.  The thing no longer held a charge and I was about to buy my fourth charger.  So, decided I should modernize and get a tablet.  I DID NOT WANT A SMARTPHONE.  Why? Because when I need a phone, it better work.  Smartphones (and the Nexus) need to be charged daily and face it, if they are being used heavily, they may need to be charged during the day.  I live in an area that is decidedly rural with lots of cellphone dead zones.  The plain old cellphone gets way more reliable connection and battery life in this environment.  But I needed my contacts and calendar with me and I'd had a couple of experiences where Internet access was suddenly needed on trips.  So, got the Nexus.  As it has turned out, I am using it all day long and rarely turning on the PC anymore.  This has actually improved my health as I can move from one position to another easily and reduce my incidence of migraines from sitting in one position for too long.I have read these reports about slowness as the Nexus ages.  What I'd like to know is, how many apps do these people have on their devices?  Did they pay the extra fee to get rid of the ads?  Are the apps polling all day long for updates?  Because I'm not seeing these problems.  I regularly check to see what is running and if an app is constantly running when not being used, it may go on the chopping block.  Same with ads.. They better have an ad-free version.  I also check permissions for the apps before I download them and I prevent auto-upgrades to recheck what new permissions are being added each time.  Ripped Facebook off because of its increasing privacy intrusions, in fact.  Anyway, before you believe all those reports, find out what kind of mess those users have created by unthinkingly adding every cool app they come across.  After all, you can install and remove them once you lose interest in them and still reinstall them later.