Using this tablet for several months, the pros far out weigh the cons, and I can recommend it highly. After trying all contenders, the Blackberry Playbook 32G won by a nose and this is why.The case is sturdy metal, feels substantial, and does not flex. The screen is gorgeous, brightness and contrast make text crisp and color images pop.Finger response is first rate right out of the box, not overly sensitive, and can be tweaked. I like the intuitive fingerswipe sideways to close an app, as well as open program page pulldown from screen top.The system upgraded at first start, took only a few minutes, and now more apps than I will ever need are available. FB, the browser itself, and my email client (gmail) work perfectly, and tethers with bluetooth to most cellphones, mine is an older samsung 3G.Wi-fi is strong, connecting, and maintaining a connection at home or on the go without a hitch. The sound is very loud and clear, with nice response- great for gaming, music, movies, whatever, frankly puts apple and nexus 7 to shame, and there are 2 speakers, not 1 BTW.I have the rapid charging stand which is twice as fast(a charge lasts 10+hours btw, days on standby), and provides a nice pedestal to perch while not in use. I did not have any issues as some mentioned with the standard plug in charger, it was tight and secure, but I could see where the connector could break if bent or forced at the insertion point. I purchased the playbook because of past experience with the brand, the perceived quality, nice price, software updates, processor speed, and just a general balance of design and function. Many will underestimate blackberry, and I think apple already has. Schools and businesses are snapping up the playbook for a reason, these are sturdy and secure. I realize the market has many choices, the hd nook, the kindle fire, and the nexus 7 I feel were close in usability, and may suit those who will spend more time in the B&N;, Amazon (with ads), and Google worlds. The nook hd felt sleek and light but flimsy, the nexus has only one weak sounding speaker, and the kindle hd was slow and heavy. At present PB has no netflix, skype or kindle apps, but it will video chat with other playbooks, and has a kobo app. There is no app for gps function that really functions, and no sim card slot to allow direct access to a data plan. BB will soon offer new models that will. What the playbook does, it does well in my view. With the next software update, it will be even better. My plans are to use this for travel and home convenience, so extra doo-dads do not impress me, but the quality and intuitive simplicity do.