Even though I've discovered I'm not a fan of the iPad (or touch-screen devices that are any larger than the pocket-sized iPod), the iPad 1 has definitely been the most popular item in our household when the grand-kids visit, and my wife's minimal use of it in the classroom has led her to acquiring this iPad 2 model (though even since then she's found a computer-tablet that's much smoother, more responsive and precise in accepting and projecting the extra-fine details of mathematical equations and geometric symmetry. The iPad's various styli, with their resistant, rubbery "nubs," still leave much to be desired).  Yet, overall there would appear to be few if any viable alternatives at this stage.  Apple was first to the parade and, according to practically every review of the latest model (including that most popular consumer's magazine), continues to remain in the top position.The primary advantage of the Apple 2--from my perspective--would appear to be the lighter weight and more compact size.  Personally, I found the iPad 1 to be hot and heavy compared to my Air 11", which I now use for practically all of my computing.  So be sure to take note of screen size and overall weight of any other device you may be considering before ordering.  Also, note that the highest-rated tablet on Amazon (the Toshiba) has yet to be released!  If you're considering it, it would seem overly hasty if not reckless not to wait for it to "test out" on the market for a few months.As for the iPad, the Flash controversy proved a non-issue for my wife and me.  The lack of certain ports--for HDMI, USB, display, etc.--was never anything that couldn't be addressed and fixed with a readily available adapter.  Finally, look for any other machine that comes close to the iPad in terms of the galaxy of available "apps."  The lack of a keyboard (true of most any tablet) can also be addressed--but now we're getting close to a Macbook Air, which strikes me as the more practical purchase in the first place.In short, there's every reason to spring for another iPad (if you like the concept in the first place) and a number of reasons to withhold purchase of any other brand.  But a caveat: this is one of the few times that I've found a product sold through Amazon to be significantly higher in cost, even without sales tax, than the same product purchased through Apple Store.[As a musician, I've found a reason to like this device: it can be loaded up with musical scores (several life-times' worth) and set on a stand or piano ledger, the equivalent of a giant-sized cabinet full of notated music contained within a thin, easily readable and navigable tablet.]