I have to say I was a little wary of the product because of all the negative reviews but after using the product in my hands after trying a few other android tabs before this is the nicest one I have seen yet for the cost!I think that the screen is awesome. Sure multi-touch is nice and if they said it has it then it should but I see that mentioned no where so I do not know what people were reading.From a techy users experience though certainly no expert or geek the product works very well. I was able to connect the wifi from a home or business next door from where I work. Through our huge building to the signal. I have tried other devices including laptops and was never able to get a signal strong enough to use and I was able to download and install angry birds. Pretty cool! I have not had this unit very long but I know the Android interface and have had a few tabs in the past and this one is simply awesome.Are there features to be improved on, will this be an ipad killer, I do not know but as it is now it is a great machine.I think for the price they did this unit right. If you are a hardcore Android user and want all the bells and whistles then maybe you need to wait for Honeycomb but if you want a tab now and have seen what is available I think price vs value this is about as good as it is going to get.I have just scratched the surface of what this tab can do and so far I am very impressed. Don't let the negative reviews fool you.This tablet works well right out of the box and with a few enhancements will be pretty awesome. Go to the XDA developers forum and find out the Stream TV is talking with forum members to make it a better device and not leave it out in the cold as far as updates go and you have in my opinion the best tab available.Galaxy is nice, Ipad is nice, Elocity is just as nice in my opinion and a few hundred less!!I got mine at another tv networks website with 6 value pays! I am paying $50 a month for the next six months!! A god price and flexible payments with no interest!! So far I am a happy camper. I will update after a while but just wanted to give another positive review after reading so many not so positive.Rob