Let me start out by saying, I am neither a Apple Fanboy, nor a pro-Windows person.  I have a Windows phone paired with a Mac computer.  So, I generally buy products based on the product rather than the company. At first, I was completely against getting an iPad, since I figured that my Mac could do anything that my phone couldn't. I broke down my favorite aspects and least favorite aspects of the iPad 2 (not software, but hardware):Favorites:1) The weight distribution of the tablet: It doesn't seem to be too heavy, or too light (as in cheap).2) Materials: I was leaning more toward a Android tablet, but the materials that went into those felt so cheap to me. The iPad 2 has a great aluminum feel to the back, with a glossy front.  I miss the Gorilla Glass of my Samsung phones though, since I never needed a screen protector.3) Everything just works:  If you have ever had an Android phone, you understand what I mean. Occasionally, the Android OS just freezes, or crashes (at least on my previous phone).  When you press the home button, there is no lag.  This has more to do with the software of the iPad (iOS 5). True, it is more of a restricted OS than the Android OS, but its a sacrifice I was willing to make.4) The prestige that comes with an iPad:  This may sound shallow, but I didn't not want to have to defend my position of getting an Android tablet over an iPad.  This holds its value long into the future, verses lesser known Android tablets.5) Clean lines:  A minimalistic design.  Clean cut, very stylish.Least Favorite:1) True, the iPad is very balanced, but it does get heavy when reading after awhile.  If you are looking for an ereader and won't be going into the features of the iPad, then don't buy it.  Buy the Kindle Fire or another device.2) Every accessory seems to be (excluding a few of course) very expensive.  If you want a good deal, you have to be willing to hunt for awhile, buy used, or pony up the extra money to buy the protective case, or screen protector, etc.3) I still feel nervous carrying it around with me. Its a double edge sword... yes, I love the prestige that comes with the ipad, but so do the thieves.Overall, this review isn't going to make someone who doesn't want one, buy an iPad.  What I must say is: if you have never used an iPad, don't hate on iPad owners.  After using this for awhile, I can't understand my hesitation at first to buy one, or why I waited so long.Advice: rumors are swirling about the next iPad (claims to be iPad 3). Do your research on the rumors or wait, so that you can buy the most up to date out there.