I have had the ViewBook 730 for about 3 weeks.  I have used most Apple products and have a iPad2 and iPhone4.  I also have an original Nook for about a year for reading.  I was intrigued with the Android OS since I have a Linux laptop and was interested in trying the 7 inch size which I prefer for reading.  My children have usurped my Nook whenever I turn my back and I wanted another reliable ereader.  So far I am pleased with my purchase.  The Kindle app works wonderful just as well as on my iPad and iPhone.  The size is comfortable for reading and the backlit screen is nice for my daughter to read in the car while driving home at night.  Web surfing is decent.  The Wifi connection is not as strong as with my iPad.  I have to be closer to the router for good signal.  If I am downstairs I sometimes have to move to a closer room for decent signal.  It is nice to have Flash for certain Web sites but it can run slow at times.  The integrated Amazon store apps work well for MP3 downloads and certain Android apps but is not as complete as Android Market.  I have not figured out yet how to get Android Market on this device.  I do like that Amazon App store gives away a paid app each day and have picked up some nice games for the kids.  The screen is a cross between a resistive and capacitive.  The included pen works for certain things easier and the finger for other things.  Overall not as intuitive as the Apple screens but it is also less than half the cost of the cheapest iPad.  Battery life is good as an ereader or for playing music but runs out quickly with Web surfing and video watching.  Android 2.2 OS is not as fancy as the Honeycomb 10.1 tablets but runs all the phone apps on the 7 inch screen well.  Typing on the screen is easier with the pen as it is easy to hit the adjacent key on the screen with your finger especially in portrait mode.  It is much easier to type with your fingers on the 10 inch tablets but I did not buy this for that.  My only other complaint is that Android OS will crash every other day requiring a reboot(holding down the power key until it shuts off).  This tablet is an excellent value and works as well as the nook color with a faster processor.  It is not an iPad2 but you get what you pay for.  It is easy to carry and will fit in my wife's purse or in my pants pocket.