I have tried some nice tablets in the market already, but just tried, not bought them. Why? The price. I always thought that 500-600 for a nice tablet was unreal and no way to spend this amount of money for a gadget. BUT, the Le Pan TC970 is really a breakthrough device. It features almost everything that sells the "nice" and more expensive tablets in the market today. At least what it is most important for a great usage experience....and....for 1/3 of the price???? Come on...and I still see people complaining about the Android 2.2? It does everything it is needed for the purpose of a tablet.I am using this tablet for about a month right now, and my observations so far:The good:- Amazing screen size, format and resolution. Very pleasant to watch movies, browse the internet and play games.- Very sensitive and responsiveness touchscreen. I haven't had any issues with that. Fingerprints? Yes, there are some fingerprints...but, this is a TOUCHscreen, so for me it is normal. Nothing that a regular cleaning does not minimize this "issue". The only thing I cold notice on the touchscreen is that it is possible to see the touch elements, depending on the angle you look at the screen and also the ambient light condition. I have seen this on others tablets, so not big deal, at all.- NICE speakers. I got surprised with the volume and clarity of them. There are 2, for instance. How many does the Ipad have?- Front face camera works really good for the purpose it is intended. Video chat, not to take pictures. For nice pictures there are nice digital cameras in the market. 2MP per say.- Great processor speed. I haven't noticed any lag, freezing or delay using the 1Ghz single core processor.The bad:- To be honest, nothing so far. I have seen some people complaining about freezing, but I have not experienced nothing like that. I updated the firmware to the latest version just released in the Le Pan website, which was very smooth and flawless.For what I was expecting to get at this price point, it exceeded my expectations by far, so the 5 stars are very well deserved. For sure I would definitely recommend this tablet to anyone.