I like this tablet a lot. Speaking of software, I can see the potential of becoming better tools in the future. android OS is growing fast. Yes, some application might have few bugs on it. occasional crash might happened but I can live with it as the developer continue to release new patch. Lots of FREE apps available on the market.As for the hardware, WIFI is going strong. no signal drop for me. touchscreen material using the highest quality gorilla glass which is scratch resistant but not scratch proof. I recommended getting screen protector for fingerprint resistant.battery life is about 6 hours. GPS is another extra which I found myself not really useful if you don't have someone on your side to look into. plus the screen is a bit difficult to see under bright sun. the stock GPS software which is google based navigation is great because it provide turn by turn navigation and speak street name. the caveat is it doesn't store the maps unless you pre-cache the area before you go. If you do this, it will cache up to 10 miles radius. I found it is too much hassle. I recommended to get sygic aura GPS. it provide offline navigation, great features and fast GPS lock.speaker is okay and as expected. Just plug into your external sound system if you want to get better sound.Camera is not the highest quality I ever seen. My 2 years old sony laptop camera can get better picture. but it is pretty handy to have for example you can scan QRcode or barcode using your camera. video chat also possible.Hulu streaming currently is not available for android platform but acer said it will be available soon. You can make it possible by rooting your tablet and it is risky. I found every time android release new OS version, the patch for rooting also immediately become unusable. I would rather to wait till the official release or you can download 3rd party software that can handle hulu streaming such as playon if you don't mind paying premium service.update 9/19/2011:I bought screen protector from handhelditems for $5 bucks. Bad quality. I suggest avoid this reseller at all cost. It is cheap but the material is so thin and fragile. in my case, damage on arrival and handhelditems has ridiculous return policy. better to buy something like invisible shields with wet applicator.as for the camera software goes, I highly recommended to install lighbox camera apps. definitely stunning result. the software able to hide/fix the imperfection of the camera.