This Toshiba Thrive tablet running a Honeycomb edition of Android is definitely a success as far as a tablet goes, but if you're looking for a replacement on a laptop, this is NOT for you.  Here's some examples of what I mean:-Typing blocks and problems.  You can't copy/paste inside a forwarded email (this really frustrates me).  It comes as one block quote.  You can only use copy/paste shortcut keys inside a document program, not if you just want to paste a browser link.  The tablet gets funky when selecting text too.  Running multiple browsers will cause the system to crash and freeze.-Keyboard freezes/messes up if you are typing an entire document from scratch, causing a few word doc errors.  I've lost a few documents.-If you buy a case with a keyboard, like I did, you'll only be frustrated because the typing is so slow (I am a very fast typer and the tablet is always 4-5 words behind me).TOSHIBA/GOOGLE, PLEASE FIX YOUR HONEYCOMB ANDROID PROBLEM....This Honeycomb Android has some unreliable features: next to the Home button at the bottom left, on the right, is a little button that expands your recent windows.  This "memory" functions STORES every single program you run last.  You MUST turn the tablet off every 15 minutes of heavy usage or the keyboard will start doing very unpredictable things!  When you go to type numbers, instead of 1 2 3 it types !@%.  FRUSTRATING.  Among other things!!I will be keeping this tablet - I purchased a BlackBerry PlayBook and found the BB system was much more reliable, I just couldn't take the tiny size.  Hopefully Google will come up with some updates for this Honeycomb Android edition before long.  For the most part, it's functional, looks beautiful, and works great.(Other than these typing/freezing problems with overuse of this tablet, it is one great little machine - perfect for gaming, reading books, watching Youtube, you name it.  Hence the four stars.)PS: I forgot to say the camera quality is AMAZING!! We couldn't believe the excellent picture it took (portrait worthy).  Video plays seamlessly as well on Youtube.  However, flash players such as the ABC player are very unreliable - causes total screen flickering.