First, I have to say that I bought this Tablet for my son as a Birthday gift because they have been popping up for under $200 in many places. I wasn't expecting much for what I paid. In this regard I was and continue to be amazed with how much functionality you can get out of this Tablet. Out of the box this is a plain jane tablet with a good size screen but not much in the way of included apps or even a good way to get access to good apps. This is where a bit of technical savvy will make this thing really shine! If you have used Android before you'll understand that you are rarely limited to the options the manufacturer includes. A quick search on Android Tablet forums allowed me to get full functionality. I was able to install Google services which allows access to Gmail and then the full Android market. This will allow you to download just about any app you want and the apps you can't get access to can be sideloaded through other sources with a quick Google search. Without rooting I'm running Launcher Pro, Netflix, Game Emulators and just about every game I've thrown at it including Angry Birds! If you download the Youtube APK you can watch HD video as well as opposed to the low resolution mobile web link that comes stock. This thing has HDMI out, I can plug external storage (Flash Drive or Hard Drive) into it through USB or MicroSD and I can use an external Keyboard with it. The screen is Capacitive so it operates smoothly unlike the resistive screens that are in most of the cheaper Tablets! This thing Rocks!Could it be better and faster and have a higher resolution screen? Sure, but I didn't pay $500 for it! At this price point this Tablet has no competition and that's why I'm giving it 5 stars. If other Tablets start to drop down under $300 I would change my rating but right now there's nothing even close!Update 10-24-11You can get fantastic community support and software updates from Android Tablets dot net! Search for Coby and find instructions on how to get everything working including updated operating system with Root!