I have had this slate for 3 weeks now, and am still learning how to use it. All the YouTube videos make it look very easy, but this is a tricky machine to master.First, it is useful to note that the tablet comes with a leather case that holds the stylus in the hinge. It would be great if the case had a fold to prop it up. Any other case that I have found that fits this tablet does not have a place to store the stylus.I really bought this slate to take to meetings to take notes in Microsoft Onenote. I want it to work with handwriting with the stylus. It works very well to just write the notes on the slate. The small tip stylus is just like writing with a pen. Ink to text works reasonably well, but it is very far from perfect.Drawing is much more difficult. I am a contractor, and I hoped that sketching would be easier and more flexible.The stylus affects the screen by just hovering, so you can suddenly find yourself typing endless aaaaaaaa (I found a setting to change that), or closing a window, or opening another program.Panning and zooming with fingers is not near as smooth as some android tablets I have seen. They say that in automatic mode that you can just tap twice with your finger, and then it will recognize fingers for pan and zoom, but the truth is that this is sporadic at best. There are supposed to be "flicks" that you can be program to do whatever you want, but getting that to work is a large challenge too.It did lock up on me once, and it wanted to restore to an earlier restore point. I could not find how to manipulate the options when the computer was in it's pre-windows state. Luckily, I had a wireless mouse and I was able to plug the receiver into the USB slot. That solved that problem, but I could not find a way to do a hard reboot.Ultimately, you might want to install Windows 8, but the natural screen resolution is too small to run most of the apps that come with W8.All in all, I would say that they did not quite get the software right for my intended use. I still believe that with practice, I will get better at using it, but it is not as easy as HP would like you to believe.