I've watched tablets since Apple introduced the iPad just a little over 2 years ago.  My sister bought one, my daughter bought one, but I wasn't ready to shell out the $500 for one quite yet.  Then, enter the Android Tablet market.  Android has been around for nearly 2 years now too, perhaps a bit more.  I bought my wife an Android phone, and we liked it.  She learned it, got used to it, learned how to do email and such on it, at least up until she dropped it and then we upgraded her to an iPhone.  For awhile she had a better iPhone than me drat it!Anyhow, back to the Iconia A500.  Acer builds a good machine.  I have a laptop by Acer that is now 3 years old and going strong, never any problems whatsoever.  So, I started looking seriously at the Android tablets made by Acer these past few months.  Along comes the A500 and I start to see "Used" and slightly used ones going on eBay for under $300.  A tablet with all the features of an iPad (for an engineer like me I can easily make it do a lot more than the iPad!) and it will do Kindle downloads and Barnes and Noble Nook downloads as well as Gutenberg ePub books and all - I'm all over that!I have not been disappointed in any way by the A500 either.  It's a great tablet!  It has everything, came with Honeycomb 3.2.1 installed, and it's ready to go out of the box.  I only had problems when I tried to put Firefox on it, but that clearly was not the tablet's fault.  I quickly uninstalled Firefox and now just use the pre-installed "Browser" (whatever it is, it is actually decent).  And it plays movies, podcasts, YouTube, does Facebook, my wife can get her GMail, and we're both very happy with it.It does categorize as one of the "Luggable" tablets, being at least 4oz heavier than any other tablet pretty much, but it also has an HDMI (micro or mini whatever they call it) and it has a full sized USB port on it!  As well as a (useless) dock connector.  I don't think my wife wants a dock for it, but I did at least look at external keyboards.  My wife says the on screen keyboard is adequate and she likes it.  With her usage rates, the battery lasted a week the first charge, this charge appears like we'll get more than that.  After I get a 32GB Micro-SDHC for it and give it 3x the storage it had out of the box, I think we'll be good to go.  I've already got a bit of music and some ripped video on there.  Screen is beautiful, crisp and clear for watching, responsiveness is great.  I've used slow tablets too, they are just annoying.  This one keeps right up.Dandy.  Great.  Whatever you wanna call it, it's a peach.