I have been so frustrated trying to use an iPad with all the iTunes focus. It just seemed all about Steve Job's vision, not mine. I thought it sucked that all my time was spent getting my music and pictures to work the Stevie Way and having the nonstop spamming from iTunes.Also the limits of (1) no input / output other than iTunes (2) no possibility of adding more memory (3) very slow processor speed  (4) I never felt anything about an iPad was intuitive to me. Finally, the patronizing and condescending attitude of several Apple folks in trying to get their help in dealing with issues their product had was irritating also. The iPad to me, just felt like a nerd's answer to a real world challenge.While looking at alternatives I came across the Thrive. Add memory up to 128 gb sd card (I'm told), dump in music and pictures by just plugging in a usb cable, finding the tablet, open the window and drag your music and pictures onto it. Take that Steve.After a couple of hours of playing with the Thrive( without a manual) I had it 90 % figured out. So many cool ideas like all my book marks in a window on my primary screen. Web sites ? Just book mark and there they are.  Don't need that one any more ? Drag it to the trash can. Speed ? On decent WiFi this is mostly as fast as my HP laptop. The color resolution is great and initially it feels like the battery life is better than my iPad. It does recharge in a fraction of the iPad time. Like 90 minutes to full. I haven't really worked with the camera yet, but a couple of quick shots looked good and the zoom was awesome.The only criticism I have is of the speakers. They are so bad, but just plug in your ear phones and party on.Also, the battery is user swapable. I will probably pick up a cheap non OEM spare when available (not now) but the OEM is about $80. Call Apple and tell them you need a battery in your iPad. AHAHAHAHAHAHA !At this moment, the competition hasn't quite caught up with the Thrive's accessories so prices on screen protectors, cases, holders and chargers aren't rock bottom yet, but I expect they soon will be. They are still very reasonable, just not give away. You can change out the back cover to six different colors for $20 (each) if that's your thing.In total, I would grade the iPad a 3 star based on how it made my life more complicated, not less. If I could give the Thrive a 6 star, I would. Seriously, this might not be your dream tablet, but it's mine. Toshiba Rocks. I may take a hard look at their laptop next.