Like other reviewers I was delighted with the product when I first received it.  It worked really well for about 2 monnths and I congratulated myself on finding a really slick Windows tablet which could replace my aging laptop.  While in vacation I was showing photos via HDMI on a TV set which worked fine the first time, but the second time I tried it the slate shut down completely and would not restart.  After much aggravation with the tech support people who were very hard to understand, I received an RMA number.  I then had to pay $68 to buy a shipping carton, insure the product and ship it back to warranty service in Texas.  They returned it fairly quickly and it appeared to work well again but of course, all software had been deleted so I had to reinstall and update all of it.  In the process I also had to pair my bluetooth keyboard to the system, which I had done originally without a problem.  When trying to pair it after the warranty service, the prompt to enter a pairing code allowed no time to enter anything.  It literally gave me less than 2 seconds to enter a 10-12 digit code that it generated.More calls to Asus customer no-service, including discussion with a "supervisor", resulted in them telling me that I would need to send it back for warranty service, again at my shipping expense.  Since this was not a re-do of the original problem, but was a new problem, they would not pay for the shipment.  This is totally unacceptable for any product and ridiculous for one costing more than $1,100!  After much complaining on my part the "supervisor" offered another suggestion that I go to the online e-store and get a system restore disk to re-set the system.  His feeling is that I have a Windows problem and not a hardware problem.  Of course that system restore disk sells for $50!  So let me see, I have a defective $1,100+ computer that I have paid another $68 to fix once, and still have a product problem for which I have to either pay another $68 to ship back, or pay another $50 to MAYBE fix the latest problem.  Who knows what the next problem will be?  I now know that I can't afford a product like this!I have had many computers and other electronic products in the past, some of which needed fixing and this is BY FAR the worst customer service I have ever seen!  I bought through a local retailer and am past the return period, so I am apparently stuck with this puppy.  Don't let the same thing happen to you!