I have to preface this by saying that I'm very used to the receptive touch screen on my Droid Incredible phone so when I started trying to use this TomTom, it was very frustrating that more than half the time, the wrong letter appeared or nothing appeared. It is not the greatest when it comes to accuracy and sensitivity.Another great reason for NOT inputting an address while driving!I've also been using the navigation on my phone but the problem with that is it ties up my phone. Sure, you can make a call while it is navigating but then you are listening to your caller and the nav system in your ear at the same time. Additionally, using your phone for navigation drains the battery quickly.So, I was pleased to get the TomTom VIA. It take a little getting used to the way the addresses are input. First you put the city, then the street or you can look-up based on a point of interest, type of business, etc. It is fairly intuitive but not perfect. If the street or location is not in the mapping software, it is very hard to override it and get it to find where you want to go. But I liked that it allows you to make a correction to a map or location and then upload it to the TomTom community.It is a pretty easy screen to read and darkens for night driving. I had trouble finding a good place to mount it in my mini van but it will stick to the windshield. It just isn't very easy to access if it is low-enough to be out of the clear driving area. It also drops off if the temp on the glass changes too much but I'm sure that is a problem with any device stuck to your window. It does come with a mounting disc but I was hesitant to stick it to the windshield for something that I wouldn't use every day.It took awhile to find the GPS signal and therefore it is hard to get your route planned before leaving since it can't locate you until it links up.It was pretty accurate in the navigation and was pretty good to find the shortcuts that I've used for years to get around our county. There are voice options and other choices that can personalize your TomTom.I like that it displays the speed limit and how fast you are going - red to indicate that you are speeding - but of course I never saw the red indicator. Ha ha.It is hard to compare the accessibility of the Droid (with internet searches that switch directly to navigation) and the TomTom which requires a little more input. But is has done well and the adjustment is really my issue, not the nav system.I'd say that this is a nice little unit for the price range but make sure you get your address in place before you start driving.