Looks cool turned off, and that's about where any positives end with the Archos 7.. I say this with all honesty of what I would of wanted to know before I bought the Archos. I am not saying people write good reviews on here to fool you into buying products, but the frustrating annoyance of this product could never permit anyone to write anything over 2 stars. This is the first review I have ever submitted, it takes a HUGE amount of good or bad to overtake my laziness and put the effort into writing a review. And I do so you don't have to realize after the initial 2 hour playtime we do with all neat gadgets, that you have just waisted whatever amount of money you put in to this. I paid 80 on Craigslist and still feel took..Basically all apps available are made for phones, thus they are phone size in the corner of the 7inch screen, video is scarce at best and quality of video is VHS. Games are of  a 2003 cell phone..So trying to find a use for it, I figure maybe an internet browser and I can use it to stumble through all nonpictured websites, but I would usually get tired of waiting or force closing and just pull out the phone to look up in less time.. I originally was shopping for another Sony Dash to watch Netflix with, as the Dash is fairly cheap and works for what I need, the Archos looked neater and I got it. I am okay with buying something that doesn't do what I thought or these days I am even getting use to something being poor quality and just not buying this brand name again. But I was to the point where I couldn't find anything to do with it, a stupid picture viewer would be fine even, but the quality was pretty poor. and this may just be mine, but the screen just turns on by itself all the time, forcing me to shut it all the way off and not wanting to take the turn on time, it just sits off, until I try to find an app or something to put it to use.This product seems like it was intended to be decent, and was forgot about. Seems like a new model or version came out and efforts stopped dead as far as updates or making it useful..I strongly recommend something else.