I bought a Nexus as a Christmas gift for my father.  A few months later, he said he had not used the Nexus at all, but it would no longer start, and the battery would not hold a charge.  It seemed to be both the video card and the battery that was malfunctioning.  In any case, months after buying it, it would not even start.  When my father was visiting, I called customer support, and was told they would replace it.  24 hours thereafter, they emailed to ask for the CSSN number with instructions on how to find it through the settings menu.  I wrote back to remind them that the device would not start and so could not find it through the settings ment, and my father had thrown out the original packaging. Another 24 hours later, they wrote back with the exact same email asking me to find the CSSN number through the settings menu.  I told them again that their machine was such a piece of crap, that it would not even start.  It was like a screaming at a brick wall.  Another 24 hours later, they Google wrote to ask me for the CSSN number again off the original packaging.  I don't think they were reading my email responses or listening to me at all.  I cannot say how frustrating it was.  After spending a half hour on the phone with their customer support again, they told me they would email the consultants that handle the emailing to see why they kept asking me for a CSSN number.  I asked to speak to a supervisor, and only then did they start to try to cooperate and break through the walls of beuracracy and send me the paper work to get a new device.  Even then it would take 21 days to get a new Nexus and they would put a hold on my credit card until I returned their malfunctioned Nexus.  I bought the Nexus because I was tired of always giving all my money to Apple, but instead I got a poor quality device, was not treated like a human and had to struggle to just get one that worked.  Apple would have made things right instantly, and it would not have been so poor quality to begin with.  DO NOT BUY IT.  You will regret it.