I bought this item for around $250 on Black Friday and have not regretted it one moment.For people who love modular stuff this item is great.  It is easily rooted and bootloader is easily unlocked thanks to the Nexus 7 toolkit.  This allows easy installation of custom ROMs to get more out of your tablet.  It is also great for reverting to the stock operating system should one need to return their product for any reason.The 32 gig size does come in handy.  Currently I use 1/3 of the space.  Most of my media is kept in the cloud or on USB flash drives and accessed via OTG cable.  This leaves more room for apps.  Most apps are 10 MB is size, but this does vary greatly.  If one wants to install a game like The Sims Freeplay they should expect to have 1 GB of space used up for the purpose.I am currently typing this review on my Nexus 7 and have a Microsoft ergonomic keyboard connected via OTG cable.  Unfortunately USB hard drives like the WD Passport or anything that depends on a PC to power it do not work with these tablets.  However, USB flash drives work extremely well.  It should be mentioned that one needs to "root" the device to get this kind of capability.  Many USB items work with the Nexus 7 like game controllers and keyboards.  However, it does take a bit of experimenting or research to find out what will work with the Nexus 7.  This is most likely a power issue as the Nexus 7 can only deliver so much of an output regarding electricity.I imagine future versions of these types of tablets to forsake USB entirely and that Google and many other companies would prefer data stored in the cloud and that all accessories be wireless.  This is just speculation.While this tablet performs amazing feats I do not find it a suitable replacement for a laptop.  Creating documents for applying for employment and similar tasks is not as smooth.  The workflow is just better on a laptop.By itself it is not a suitable replacement for a computer regarding music and video production.  It seems Apple / PC and the iPad are still light years ahead in this regard.  However, as a MIDI controller it is quite useful.Overall I consider this product a buy.  However, it might be prudent to wait because it seems like Google releases a new tablet every other month or so.  It would not surprise me to hear that this particular model is reduced to $200 MSRP and that the new $250 tablet is a 64 GB model.  The fact that my device is wifi only does not bother me as well.  However, when buying one wants to evaluate whether 3G, 4G, and HSPA capability is an important factor.