I am late on the iPad bandwagon. Although I have multiple iPods and also an iPhone owner, this is the first time we are getting ourselves an iPad in the household.This is wonderful device. Just like what they did in the IpodTouch, the amazing thing is how they were able to squeezed so much technology in such a small space.By the way, this is a review of the iPad 2.  The first iPad, we skipped it completely.  There are many tablets in the market but it is really tough to compete with iPad. First, the interface.  This is what Apple is known for.  The simplicity, usability and ease of use of such a very compliated hardware is a miracle in itself.  I have tried other devices that are similar but the most of them seems to be  a  tad slower and  less smart.Another big factor that is strongly going for the iPad is the number of apps availalble in the Apple store.  Android is starting to compete, specially now with big online stores like Amazon taking the challenge.  Still, it will take some time to really match the number and the quality of the apps in iTunes. Apple is also known for being strict in approving apps being sold in the App store.Funny thing is, what made me pull the trigger to finally buy an iPad despite the high tag price is the HP Touchpad fiasco.  I ordered one when it was advertised for $99.  I was ecstatic to have my order received and placed through Barnes & Noble,  only to be notified the next day that my order was cancelled.  Due to frustration, I walked in to the closest Apple store and got me one.What really amazed me is the usefullness of the tablet in education. I have heard so many times that it is good for kids who have autism and one of my kids was diagnosed with autism. He is so focused when playing with it.My kids have DSs but most of the games are just for fun and entertainment. They get a little bit of learning at the beginning, but after that it is repetitive and just time waste.There are amazing educational apps like the following:- Word Bingo- Math Bingo- Teach Me- Presidents vs Aliens- Stack the States.- Brainquests series- Write On (for learning cursive writing)NO FLASH:iPad2 still does not support flash.  There are Aps that you can use to play flash on websites  like iShifter, etc.  It is not perfect but at least it works.SKYPE:One of the advantages the iPad2 against iPad1 is that now you can do video calls with Skype or Yahoo Messenger.