I love Apple products so I bought a (Wi-Fi) iPad as soon as it came out. Nine months later I sold it on eBay (a woman in Russia bought it). Why? First, iPad is for consumption, not for producing any content. At the time I did not have a notebook, and I need to send, not only receive emails. iPad has no keyboard and is bad for this. Even after I bought the external Bluetooth Apple keyboard, it was still way too cumbersome. Second, the Wi-Fi reception is not sensitive - Apple Macbooks get much better signal at the same hotspots; I have compared. Third, Wi-Fi alone is not enough. One needs the 3G/4G connection now and then. But this means paying ATT for a second service on top of my iPhone. I refuse. iPad should allow the iPhone to be plugged in to share the 3G network. Fourth, it is cumbersome to get files into the device, needing either iTunes or email. This is inconvenient.Fifth, I discovered I just don't like a touch interface. There, I said it. With the iPhone, it's clearly necessary but for a bigger device, I prefer keyboard and mouse. Touch on the iPad is imprecise and often does not respond immediately. Often necessary to press a spot several times to get a response, or it will not accept input. Frustrating and I'm mystified why more people don't complain about this. The good things about iPad include the long battery life. The iPad is wonderful for many purposes - schools to replace books - but it's not for everyone.********Update added June 2011. After selling my first iPad, I bought an iPad2 recently to try again. I like it better this time, partly because I now have a MacBook Air also and no longer expecting the iPad2 to be something it's not such as a platform for typing memos. I just use it now to read email and the news in bed, and to read journal articles and magazines. And to carry photos. And for Facetime. This is what it's designed for. Also, the iPad2 is slightly thinner which does make it noticeably easier to handle and the software has been smoothed up. I still feel a bit ripped off that I can't share the 3G connection between my iPhone and iPad; after all, I cannot use both at once so why not use the minutes on the device in use at the moment? Also I would REALLY like to see a USB port to read files on a USB drive. Finally I would like to see the iPad integrated with the MacBook; one would detach the display and it would switch over to being an iOS device. Maybe Apple will offer that someday. Modular devices with integrated services would be much better for consumers. I'm raising the stars rating.