I'm not a MAC user.That said, I realize the fervent, almost religious, zeal that those who have followed Apple technology have proselyted their virtues. (Some of the moments when releasing a product before engineering was done with it, notwithstanding.)However, I see the iPad as an offering where Apple attempted to get back to basics and fully accomplish a "design cycle." I'm impressed with the power and options of this machine. The clarity of the display and the intuitive nature of the touch screen were drawing qualities. I was up and running, and I mean effectively, right "out of the box" with just a few probing "trial and error" type checkouts. The "pop-up" touch screen keyboard is very good, for the size of the unit. I was pleasantly surprised at that. I got the iPad case, turned it sideways at an angle, and find I can type with relative speed (not as fast as a full size keyboard, but very quickly and adequately for the light, quick notes and composing I am doing on it.) As I've played around, I have seen other features come up, asked myself "what does that do?" and figured those out as well. One day I'll go back and review the instruction manual.But, where the notebooks were designed to fill a niche of portability, lighter than a laptop, but still with internet access and some minimal functionality, I see the iPad coming from the other direction, filling that same market segment.It's an iPod on steroids!I do see it replacing a couple of my devices. My calendar and contacts are going on, and I can see myself retiring my PDA. The music and media features will replace my iPod. And, the 3G feature I activated and found to be very useful on a recent vacation trip to stay connected, so no lugging my laptop through security on business trips.Nope. No speaker phone. I'll still need to carry a cellular phone. Otherwise, this would be the one-stop shop. As it is, that is notable to me as a drawback and a slice where a blackberry or other access-enabled device might still be a viable alternative.Just downloaded my first movie. Maybe I'm premature in writing this review. But, I expect that to be impressive as well. So, overall I rate it positively. A winner.