I received this computer as a holiday gift. These are some of the features I found most amazing about the T4220.- Shock Censor Utility: If you drop your computer, the internal memory and hard drive contract, assuring less memory loss. It automatically detects when it is falling and adjusts accordingly. You can set this to Sensitive, Normal, Mobile, or Custom.- OmniPass: Have to remember lots of passwords to different websites and accounts? Not anymore. With OmniPass and the T4220 Fujitsu notebook, you can set all of your different passwords to either one master password or a fingerprint. I liked this especially because when I go to different websites where I have an account like Hotmail, Amazon, eBay, Facebook, or  Myspace, a prompt asks me to scan my fingerprint and then it inputs my password for me.- Windows Vista: The T4220 notebook comes with Windows Vista Basic. I think that this version is fine for just normal notebook purposes, but you can always upgrade the software to fit your needs.- 180 degree Screen: This notebook is a tablet notebook. This means that you can fold the screen down and write on it with the included pen. This notebook can fold either right or left and has easy to understand lights to tell you which way to turn it back to normal. This works especially well with the included Evernote Plus, which translates your hastily scribbled notes into Microsoft Word text. Now you can take notes and have them all on one device.- Built in WiFi: With my old computer, a Dell Latitude D505, I got no bars of WiFi in the corners of my house. However, with this notebook with built in WiFi, I got as many bars in the corner of my house as I did with my old computer sitting next to the router. There is also a slot to put in a WiFi card if you have a special card, but the built in is so good, I don't see why you would need an additional one.- Speakers and Sound: The sound quality of this computer is absolutely amazing. It truly sounds as if you are in a stadium or concert hall. You can also change the speaker settings based on the environment that you are in. They are perfect for DVDs or music.Overall, I give this computer a five out of five based on performance, design, difficulty of use, and already included features. If you are looking for a Microsoft computer, I strongly recommend this one.