A lot of my rating is based on cost and poor info regarding specifcations/updates, at <$240 this tablet would get 4 stars.  This is an ok entry level tablet.  The product works and is better than the cheap tablets (at least that I tried), but definitely is not a direct Ipad competitor.  I bought the Wifi as I did not need or want 3g. The performance and screen are a little better than a Nook Color and it feels a little better balanced in your hands (IMO).  The Galaxy 7 tab also does not allow all apps to run off the Market Place, ie facebook currently, I also purchased a mortgage calculator program that does not insert dates correctly for some reason.  So there are a few quirks across the various android devices at this time.What is most dissappointing is samsungs lack of support for the Wifi only version.  Not only do they not inform you that some adapters do not work on the wifi version that will work on other 3g versions, they also do not allow updates to this version.Also getting playlists for music to sync correctly can be challenging (in general with android as I have an Archos 43 with same issues).  The Kies synching program that samsung uses doesn't work great for playlists either, it will load the Playlists onto the Tablets, but if you decide you no longer want them on the tablet is does not remove them all off the tablet.  An update may take care of this.  I now use Double twist on my PC, but DBLT on the Tablet still does not always show playlists correctly.  I have found that using Double TWist on the PC and Winamp on the Tablet works pretty well (usually), other than you may get duplicate playlists on the Tablet in Winamp you simply need to delete. Again, updates will likely take care of this.  If playlists are not your thing, no big deal, if they are you may want to stick to Apple for now.I would not recommend this product for $300+. I obtained it for $270 @ BB and still feel that was a little too much without firmware updates and a few adapters (HDMI video out).  Essententially if you are considering a Nook color or Amazon Fire or something for the kids and can get this tablet for a similar price then I would consider it in your list.  I am also concerned about future SAmsung tablet products any more with the lack of update support and what I feel is misleading sales information, or at least inadequate information regarding the Wifi vs 3g version.  There is no reason a Wifi version should not run and update to exactly what the 3G versions do.  If there is this significant of a difference it should be very clearly labeled instead of needing to read reviews from other users, dissappointed from that perspective.