Reviewing the Xoom is basically reviewing three things; The Device, the Android 3.1 Honeycomb operating system, and the available Apps.  I got mine very early on, and I use it every day, so I have plenty of familiarity.As for the device, its outstanding.  The touch screen responsiveness (in tandem with the resolution of the screen) is wonderful.  The Bluetooth, GPS, Wi-Fi, and sound are all great.  The gyroscope and cameras are fair, but I don't honestly care about those.  The speed is very smooth and impressive.  You don't really need the awesome processor, but hey, why not.  The RAM is not much, but I have never noticed issues since Android is so extremely light.  I also like the aspect ratio of the screen, which is more of a pleasing, long rectangle than the iPad.  The main negative is that it feels a bit heavy, but it also feels very rugged, and the battery lasts a long time.The operating system is great.  It is basically just Android with a UI supped up for the big screen.  The main thing is the Browser.  It's gotten a lot better since 2.x.  Since the latest update, its outstanding.  I honestly feel as comfortable with it as a desktop.  I have tried some 3rd party browsers like Firefox for Android, but the native Android one is so terrific.  As for the rest, I like the multiple desktops and how the icons are managed, the very well organized and complete device settings interface, and some of the little included apps like Gmail.  There is no real bloat ware, just a few free games.But, contrary to what I have heard, there are plenty of great apps that, when added to Android, make this like a real operating system.  File explorers like ASTRO, Text editors like Ted, FTP Clients like AndFTP, Security apps for password protection like Perfect AppLock.  I have a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse, and to me this thing is basically a tablet that can transform into a nice netbook.  I am also very happy with the support.I would say if you want an Android tab over an iPad, this one is a good choice, especially since they dropped the price.  I would also not be scared of getting any Android tablet instead of an iPad, they are awesome.