1st off let me say I didnt go into this expecting much nor did I need much out of this tablet. Its for my youngest son who is disabled to use for communication apps such as tap to talk among others... and i wont compare this to dictator style tablets on the market.I can only speak on other devices&phones; we've owned as far as for reference,Samsung fascinate,HTC droid incredible 2,iphone theyre all the same and an ipod touch. A Galaxy Tab or Xoom this IS NOT!! I was very surprised with this tablet, maybe because I was expecting the worst and so far so good!Its running Android 2.2 which is a dated OS but usable... think along the lines of I dunno an apple product.  Screen works, not as responsive as either of our android phones, but sees to be on par with our other 2 dated touch screen items. No Android market seems to hinder it only slightly, Appslib is the primary market (it uses paypal for all your purchases if you're concerned about that)& has lots of apps and what I couldnt find on there I could find with a quick Google search and download from there... (although i cant get netflix, thats the the only thing I use that I cant get)Amazon app market also available.For those of you who want/need the android market, it is available via flashing it onto your device or custom roms but for my purposes its not necessary. There is also no bluetooth or gps available, that may or may not be changeable via a different rom i have no idea if the hardware is in this device or not. and for those of you used to at&ts; locked android devices this DOES NOT have that problem (unknown sources IS in the settings menu). The only issue I have with this device is there are NO ACCESSORIES, that I can find anyway (case/cover, screen protector). so if anyone knows where to find  or what other devices items may work,PLEASE let me know. You still  have all the freedoms that android offers & bloatware is at a minimum vs other tablets on the market. I recommend this as far as cheap tablets go. Although you still get what you pay for. So if you're looking for a high end tablet, the xoom and/or galaxy tab 10.1 would be my choice if money is not an issue.