I bought the coby kryos mid7015 tablet one month ago. Rooted. Use it majorly for reading (pdf, e-books, txt, word documents and ppt files, in which .doc and .ppt file cannot be zoomed in and out because I have not decided to buy the office full version) and kids' learning applications such as science facts, math, istory, English and Spanish learning free applications, Chinese writing, tradition Chinese books. I also use the realplay app to watch videos stored on microSD card, including the .flv formate and so on. Use skyfire to check weather, email, news ... But I am still not able to watch flash videos online. for example go to starfall dot org website.There are good and bad things about it.good:(1) low price(2) easy to use(3) good screen touch responsibility(4) additional SD card storage and MINI-HDMI(5) weight is not too heavy, around 1 Lb(6) many people use it and discuss how to use it online (no experience about other products)not good:(1) cannot see anything on screen outdoor (I did not try my laptop outside, probably, they are same on this issue)(2) Internet signal is not as good as my laptop. I can use my laptop anywhere in my two-bedroom apartment by a wireless router, but only can get on internet in a reasonable speed on this tablet within 5 meter distance from the router, and no wall isolated(3) screen size is a little bit small for me, but considering its weight and price, I give up on this. But if you have money, go ahead for lager screen one. (no experience on large screen one)(4) Currently I still not fig out how to use skyfire to display websites containing flash, for example w w w dot starfall dot org(5) battery life is shorter than 7 hours if with wifi on. My one only can last for ~3 hours. But without wifi, it may last around 7 hours(6) cannot store applications on sd card. Soon, you get warning that your space is low(7) I do not know how to let it not start so many applications when I turn on the tablet. It take almost 1 minute to start, and automatically run some applications in which I am not interestedOverall, I like it and enjoy to play it at home. It reaches my expectations at this price less than 140 dollars. But my 4-year old son more likes to play his toys than this.