Windows touch devices have been out for a decade at least, most being bulky and for use with pens. Many had resistant screens instead of capacitive ones that have become so popular. The Acer W500 is one of the new tablets released after the iPad let people realize what hardware really works on a tablet, but with the full functionality of a Windows computer.Windows 7 is wonderful with a touch screen, no matter what you read elsewhere, and I find the W500 exceptionally responsive. Things like Windows Flicks, Chrome touch addons, and Win Gadgets make the browsing experience just as good as non-Windows tablets. There is nothing like having a tablet design in the same size and weight range as the iPad (which I also own) that also gives you the full computer experience. After having this for about 4 days, the iPad started to look like a huge gimmick. Don't get me wrong, I love Apple products. I had an iPhone for 18 months, and still have a Mac Pro as my main device at home. I use the HTC Thunderbolt now so have also gone deep into the world of Android.  After all that there's nothing like having a tablet that does every single thing that a normal computer does. I'm not limited to buying apps or something simple like not being able to have two programs on the screen at the same time. Anything you can do on a Win7 machine, you can do here. This means Hulu, Netflix, Amazon, etc, will all work normally without any special subscription or apps. It goes without saying that Flash works fine, and you can have Microsoft Word or Open Office installed, along with VLC, Photoshop, FTP Clients, Chat clients. Just the other day I was reading an article, downloading a program, listening to music, had a movie paused and minimized, and chatting with multiple friends on gtalk/facebook. No matter how good multi-tasking is on Honeycomb/iPad, it can't show more than one of those thing happening on the screen at the same time.If you are in the Droid or iPad echo-sphere, go ahead and stay there, but boy are you missing out. This tablet has not a single limitation, and at the end of my couch surfing morning, I bring it into work, plug into my 20" monitor, and do my normal days company work with corporate e-mail and programs on the exact same machine.