I've almost exclusively purchased HP products over the years including laptops, desktops, and peripherals; and this is unquestionably the worst of the bunch. This thing chugs with a wimpy Atom processor and lack of RAM, so forget doing any serious work or multitasking on it.  If you do any multitasking or serious work on it, prepare to experience lag and lots of waiting around for programs to load and/or respond to commands.  Also, it gets ridiculously hot; to the point that its incredibly uncomfortable to hold. I wont use the word "scalding" but its pretty close to that.Couple other points of note; if you plan on running windows 8, be advised that you wont be able to run metro apps as the native screen resolution is too low.  The apps simply wont launch.  There are workarounds like downloading an Intel mobile graphics driver, but then eveything on the screen appears squashed / stretched making text hard to read.  Perhaps HP or Microsoft will release a patch or update for this, but if you're planning on buying this to run windows 8 in its present form, you're better off waiting for 'real' W8 tablets to be released later this year.Also, HP's support for this product is limited at best.  It appears they have dropped offering support altogether.  So, if you ever lose an accessory etc, be prepared to pay hefty aftermarket prices.  I also wasn't able to track down an OEM replacement battery.  Also worth noting that the system recovery comes shipped on DVD's.  Slight problem; no optical drive.  So you either need an external dvd drive, or you need to create bootable ISO's on a USB drive using a free download tool from Microsoft.Overall, you'd be better off getting a low-end netbook if you need a portable computer for content creation; if you're just kicking around online and reading email then best to get an iOS / Android tablet.  This thing offers no advantage over any netbook or laptop other than a touchscreen.  Your mileage / satisfaction may vary; I just see no point in purchasing this slow, laggy (and hot) device.