I've owned a Tablet PC before, I used it to make a lot of artwork.I've been disappointed with my Fujitsu Lifebook since I got it.  I almost returned it the next day but thought "oh, I'll get used to it..." I was wrong.  After 6 months of "living with it," I think it is/was a complete waste of money.Pros:+nice battery life,+bright screen+the docking station (sold separately) is quick to release when PC is running.Cons:--major issue: want to use a 2nd monitor? good luck.  It will reset your extended desktop every 10 seconds... I had to hack around and disable a bunch of fujitsu software in order to get it to stop.  So now it only resets my desktop display every time I turn it on/wake it up. ug. :(--major issue: in Tablet mode, the screen does not rotate to all 4 directions (I'm talking display/software settings, not physical manipulation of the screen)  this PC only has 2 portrait and 1 landscape modes... the 1 landscape is the direction that involves all the plugs on the back of the machine facing TOWARD you... so if you have anything plugged in, it will jab you in the stomach while when you try to get comfortable on the couch, etc. (again, my old Toshiba had all 4 directions).--major issue: Left handed? the scroll bar sensor on the frame around the screen is exactly where you'd rest your left wrist.  Expect the screen to scroll around while your tying to do ANYTHING using the stylus. (and don't expect to find a checkbox to disable the scroll bar sensor ANYWHERE.)--minor: lifebook has 13" screen -->smaller than my last TabletPC (Toshiba, which was cheaper!)--annoying: it doesn't remember your display settings when removing and replace in the docking station (but I guess that's windows vista that's to blame, not fujistu?)--annoying: went using it like a normal laptop, there's a hot spot right under your left palm, so it gets really hot and sticky from something inside the pc heating up.If I could give you one piece of advice, one artist to another, don't buy this computer. (and I'm truly heartbroken that Toshiba discontinued the 14" tablet PC I used to have :(