My husband ordered this item (iPad 2, 16gb, black) for work. He loves it. We still have been unable to update it to iOS 5 because our wifi kept disconnecting on wifi on laptop but I think when we do that it will be faster. First day he had some slowness but not everything is great. We looked at getting some of the tablets on the android market and went to best buy to review. I liked the idea because the androids are more customizable but had reservations because 1. They are about the same price as iPads 2. Wasn't sure if I wanted to take that risk. 3. I have iPhones and know how dependable they are. However I found the toshiba thrive and it was cheaper. So that was our main focus. Toshiba thrive vs. iPad 2. On one hand the toshiba had USB ports, sd card ports and customization options, on the other if was not familiar with it. So we tried them both at best buy. Toshiba thrive looked better. It's graphics looked more fun, apps are cheaper..mostly free and all that. But it was more complicated, which i love because I like to tween things. My husband on the other hand...does not. So he wanted iPad...I wanted toshiba thrive but we wanted to talk to somebody who knew more about it. So we grabbed a guy who only deals with tablets. He said he has an android phone and likes it but as far as tablets go he said hands down iPad won. Reason was that apple makes one specific hardware for iPads. So they had it perfected. All their apps and music were specifically made for apple hardware so it had very little problems. Android market on the other hand is made from many different tablets, that are all made by different hardware. Therefore, if an app is made on a toshiba thrive, it may work great, but if you download it for your samsung thrive, the hardware is different so you are going to have more freezes with all, crashes or lack of working at all.In conclusion, iPad 2 so far is more dependable and perfected. I do believe however, with time, the android market will be more perfected. As of now, I am siticking with my iPad 2!