SurfDeals sold me an international version which when I had to contact Motorola support since it was still under warranty, Motorola told me that this version of the tablet should have never been sold in the USA. Now I am without warranty service for a defective tablet that is about 10 months old. And on top of it Amazon is protecting SurfDeals. How else can they get rid of their foreign stock. Sell it to Americans. It is also apparent that SurfDeals has changed it's business name to WorldWide Distributors. The internet is full of scamming companies looking to unload ineffective and defective merchandise to consumers and Amazon supports this? Unethical to say the least.Amazon and its reps allowed an international version to be sold which can not be warrantied under Motorola in the USA. I had to spend additional monies to buy parts that were NOT included with this defective international version. Now I am at a lose because Amazon keeps using the same reply that SurfDeals potential fluctuations in the seller's inventory and that they cannot offer a replacement. How could they NOT know that I wasn't a US citizen when my address was from the USA? My account has a USA address.Do a search for SurfDeals and you will find that they are no longer here on Amazon. Another sell and scam company that Amazon supports.XOOM review: (besides having to deal with unscrupulous companies and revolutionized Amazon employees)The XOOM is a great tablet. One of the things I used it for  was for my business to take credit card payments when I was running my tech business. But now I cannot even do that because this defective device will not boot. The battery life is phenomenal. If you do not get a version that needs to be updated to the latest Android version then you are good to go but if you need to update it - it is simply done. The XOOM is also a great tool for many other tasks which I will not reiterate as others have mentioned the many pluses to this tablet.I am just frustrated that this company would un load the stock of international versions on the consumer. The grade for Amazon and SurfDeals is an FThe grade for Motorola support and their products is an A