I was sold on this device through various Windows ads...  I did all the research before by watching all the videos on [...].  Usually, I rely on CNET, but they weren't able to get a hold of one before it went public...  Hmmm...  I wonder why?I've had this EEE Slate for over a week, and I've had nothing but problems with it!1)  When windows launches, you're prompted to enter your password on the login page.  However, 75% of the time, the touch-screen keyboard doesn't pop up with it.  So, you have to keep restarting the PC until it pops up.  Usually, it'll pop up on the 4th or 5th Restart.  ANNOYING!2)  The desktop screen freezes a lot!  Too many times to count.  There is a place where you can insert a needle to shut the device down, and let me tell you...  I've pushed that damn button way too many times.3)  Sometimes, when you turn on the PC (top left corner - slide button), it doesn't even turn on!  The light will indicate that it is on, but the screen is still black!4)  Asus Tech Support is sooo unhelpful!  They asked if I downloaded anything or went to any websites.  I respond, Yes, of course...  it's a computer.  Duh.  Windows has its own updates it wants to install.  I've downloaded the latest version of Adobe and Silverlight."  Also, I called 3 times requesting a system reboot to get it back to the manufacturer's original settings.  They said they were going to email the directions to me twice and never did!  The 3rd time I called the guy said, "Push F9 when you reboot the PC."  ...  I reply, "How the hell can I push F9 when there's no keyboard!"  He answers, "You need a USB Keyboard."  Well, that would have been nice if they sent one with it!  Seriously...  I'm not going to buy a USB keyboard to reboot this machine.  Waste of my time, money and effort.You would think spending $1100 on this would make it great!  Don't buy it.  Too many problems associated with this Asus EEE Slate.I'm returning this PC back to Amazon...  within the 30 days allotted.  Hopefully, I will get my full refund.  There's stipulation on the condition except "new."  If no one else is experiencing these problems, then I definitely have a defective one.  How sad...  I was really hoping to like this PC.