I received my Xoom one week ago, and have been rather impressed. I was previously the owner of a Viewsonic G Tablet, which is a similarly spec-ed Tegra 2 device, though without Honeycomb and possessing a significantly inferior screen.Overall, I'm extremely impressed with the device. The screen is excellent, especially compared to the Viewsonic. Viewing angles are quite good, and the 1200x800 resolution is fantastic. Honeycomb is great to use, and really does seem to be a good attempt at using the increased screen real-estate more effectively than a smartphone. There are a few nitpicks I have with it here and there, but overall the software experience is quite good. Most programs run fine, though there are a few out there that either crash immediately, or are poorly programmed on the developer's end, resulting in a sub-optimal tablet experience.My favorite addition to the Honeycomb interface are the new widgets - particularly the email and calendar widgets. It seems like a rather minor thing, but if you're using your tablet for actual work instead of entertainment, having quick access to your inbox and messages can make a large difference. The two-pane Gmail application is likewise a big step up from Froyo/Gingerbread. The new notification system is also very appreciated for those using the tablet for actual work, though I think I personally preferred the notification system on WebOS when was using it.There are a few minor gripes I have, however. First, there are the general issues with the microSD slot not working on release. I'm an early adopter and can deal with things not being at 100% when they're released, but I do generally expect minimal functionality on the hardware. More annoyingly, as an engineer, this seems like a problem that just shouldn't be that hard to fix.Also, I've experienced a couple of troubling application crashes in apps that should be rock-solid (Market, Camera, Google Talk while video chatting). I understand a random game written by a third-party developer crashing my system, but I would expect Google-written apps on a Google branded platform to perform flawlessly - or at least not lock up so badly that they force a hard reset of my system.Overall, I'm extremely pleased with the Xoom, but a) I think it's a bit expensive compared to some of the other Honeycomb tablets that should be hitting shelves over the next month or so and b) I'm a bit disappointed that some seemingly easily fixable bugs are taking this long to squash. That said, I was willing to spend the extra money to get the full "Google Experience" and receive updates sooner than anyone else. Unless that is something important to you, or you need a Honeycomb tablet right now, my advice would be to wait a month or so and see what other options are available.