I've had this for a little over a week.Straight away, it worked out of the box, and the thing is plenty fast, smooth, and just plain crisp. It feels very solid. I downloaded apps in 5 seconds. There is a problem with the fingerprints - I had heard others say it was a fingerprint magnet in the reviews I read, but I thought they were nitpicking. Honestly, it's a problem. You will want a screen cover on this when you take it from the box...the fingerprints are really, really bad.The display is visually striking. The web pages are fast. HD video clear as day. The built in speakers are...meh. Ive heard a lot worse, but we all knew they wouldn't be Bose. The games are smooth. There are a bunch of apps pre-loaded but if you aren't gonna head straight to the app store when you open your new tab, why buy one? I got apps from Android Market, Amazon, and a wifi signal app from a friend. Comixology - the comics and graphic novels look better than print does. Kindle app worked straight-away, like everything else.as for cons...the buttons on the front have a feature where they light up when you press them. But,it would have been better if they either lit always, or lit up when the light sensor kicks in at a certain dimness or something...cause really, I can be laying in the dark reading the kindle before bed, and I can't see the 'back' or 'home' buttons...until after I press one...which doesn't help much; I need to see a button before I press it, not after. (Thats probably my biggest complaint about the whole device, honestly.)There's not an HDMI-out. I don't need one in any way - my home theater system runs from a PC server anyway, so if I did have a file on this and I wanted it on the big screen, I could get it there without an HDMI. And I don't need to use mine for any presentations or anything, but I know some people like and use this feature. So, not a con for me, but maybe for others.I would have preferred a USB port, though I haven't really needed one of those either.And finally, there is a lack of really good cases. It physically fits into most ipad cases, though those cases are not made for this thing. The ports are either covered up, or the buttons on the front are, or the camera & light sensors are. , but it is a gripe I have. Le Pan has some linked on their site, but I don't find them ideal.All in all, the thing is sharp, solid, pretty damn fast, and capable of everything I've asked of it. If there's a better tab at even close to a similar price point, I would love to know of it.I'm extremely pleased.