I bought this for my wife and its one of the most useful product I ever bought.  My wife loves this things and is constantly on it when she has any free time.  Our family basically fights over who gets to use it.  We are planning on getting another one.What we love about it--Long battery life - somestimes you can go for days with constant use.-Smooth touch screen interface - Its the most responsive touch screen of any device I ever use, everything is smooth, feels natural and polish.-Easy to use, great user interface.  I tried to teach my dad how to use a PC to do basic web surfing, it is almost impossible.  But he seems to OK picking this up and knowing how to use it.-Reading Books - (tip) you can convert (using Calibre) any book format (lit, doc, html, pdf, etc.) to epub and sync it using itunes to the ibooks app.  Also, you can send the epub file as an attachment to your email.  As long as you have iBooks app installed, you can open the attachment on your email using your iOS device and it will automatically put it into the iBooks app.-Internet - is great for web surfing.  Its instant on when ever you want to look for something on the web, very convinient.  Fun when you are watching tv shows, you can look up trivia or information.-Online Shopping - Amazon has an app and many other retailers as well.-Find reviews - example we use the Yelp apps often to find reviews of resturants in our area.  Much more convinient than booting up a computer.-Online Banking - I would rather trust the iPad banking app than using a PC to do banking.  I know a few people who lost money to fraud when they use the PC for transaction.  Too many virus these days.-Watch TV shows - One of the best Apps is the ABC network app.  We love watching Modern Family on it.-There is over 300,000 apps and games.  Many are either free or very low cost ( 99 cents).  My wife loves bejewel bliz on it and she can score higher on it than on computer because of the touch screen.  She also loves all the "dash games" like Diner Dash, etc.  Though I generally don't play video games, I found myself addicted to many of ipad games as well.  Right now I am playing Plants vs Zombies.  Very addictive.  There are also many education app to help children learn math, reading, etc.  Its so easy to use even my 2 year old nephew seems naturally know how to use this thing.  There is truely an app for anything.-email - its has a geat email app, you can set it up with Yahoo, Google, Hotmail, Exchange from work, etc.Cons: We are worried we might not get enough sun anymore because of this device ;-)