This is my second tablet, replacing a Vizio vtab. I didn't want to go down to a 7" tablet so wanted a 10". Since ratings of this and the similarly priced Asus and Acer were similar, the $50 difference on Amazon edged me to the Excite. I have had it bout 3 weeks now and feel I know enough about it to write this recommendation.I found it easy to use right out of the box and had my favorite apps loaded in no time. I'm pleased with the speed chairlift of the display. The only time I ever see the light bleed on the edges is when the tablet a booting up, so that has been a non-issue for me.I actually don't mind the larger charger connection as this is what caused my vtab to be replaced - the mini USB charger wouldn't make a good connection anymore. This feels very solid.My only issue has been the battery draining overnight as the user manual recommends just putting the tablet to sleep and not powering down to extend battery life. I have found the solution to be putting the tablet in airplane mode.  No more drained battery!For me, the battery life in between charges has been good - probably averaging around 9 hours depending on what I'm doing that day. I'm not a heavy gamer or video watcher, mostly internet and some " light" games like words with friends.I really like the notification bar. The notifications are large enough and last long enough to see what they are and then the icon stays in the notification bar so I always know what apps need attention without opening them to see if I have a new message or whatever.Another thing that has worked way better than my last tablet is watching the HD video I took on vacation this summer. On the vtab I could only watch bits and pieces with no audio at all. On the Excite they play perfectly beginning to end.The preloaded apps are kind of annoying as I don't use most of them and they can't deleted,but since there is no limitation on the space you have for apps, this isn't really a big issue. That was a nice surprise on this tablet as I had very limited space for apps on the old tablet and was always deleting to make more room for new apps.Once I solved the overnight battery drain problem, I am 100% happy with the Excite. I happily recommend it to everyone who asks about my tablet, which is everywhere I go - conferences, the airport, etc. Can't live without my tablet so hope it lasts a long time!