I got this tablet over a year ago to use for  small work-related jobs, but the stylus or touch pad or both produce unexpected phantom clicks and I could not reliably control  the device for work purposes . Because of this, I was using the tablet  once every few weeks to access flash player content that I cannot access with my iPad, and also install the never-ending Windows updates.Last week, the power did not turn on and the charging  light was also off. The charger's own light was on. I bought a replacement charger with cables, just in case, on the advice of Geeksquad repair service, but it  did not work. I called Asus support, they told me to press the power button for 30 secs, without the charger, no go. They said they will call me back, never did. I called again today, they asked me to do same thing, did not work. They gave me an RMA number to ship the device  at my expense. When they get it they will call me about the cost of the repair. I am wondering whether I should toss this tablet, since it is not very useful to me, although it cost over $1000, rather than paying for repairs and two-way shipping. I can save that money for the new Microsoft tablet with Windows 8, may be. An Internet search showed some "do it yourself" solutions (open slate, disconnect battery, press reset hole) that did not work for me.Apart from the phantom clicks, I really liked the tablet for casual browsing  when it worked! Although the tablet is out of warranty, I only used it very few times, it should not have failed with such little use.UPDATE July 5, 2012After writing the above review, I decided to send the device to the ASUS repair center in Texas by cheapest courier service, no insurance.  After a few business days from the day of delivery, I called the repair center and I was told that my slate was fixed and already on its way back! I was told that they changed a component. I just received it and the packing slip specified the component as  90R-OK02MB1000Q.  The slate seems to work now, and I am instaling many Windows updates. The battery is charging. Most importantly, there was no fee for the repair. If the new component does not die as fast as the old one, I would be very happy with the repair. I am upgarding my rating based on the repair service performance.