In love with a tablet PC?  Don't judge me!  I stalked it for what felt like forever and then pre-ordered it here because it was out of stock.  I received a "shipping soon" notice in a short amount of time but it was still too long.  I had to have it in my hands, and soon.The packaging was really nice and it was easy to take it out and plug it in for its initial charge.  It gave me time to inspect the case it came with as well as the keyboard.  Good stuff.I've had it for a few weeks now and it owns me.  I've bought so many accessories and other things for it.  It's ridiculous.  I would recommend a slim, portable DVD drive for installing software but everything else I've purchased is simply for my greater enjoyment.I've had laptops before but never a tablet.  I expected to use the keyboard most of the time but I am surprised to find that I rarely use it.  I like using the pen instead, though it takes me forever to send an email now.  I suppose I'll get used to it.  It's more fun than typing.The case that it comes with is pretty cool.  It's very slim and the tablet portion fits it like a glove (the keyboard does not fit in the included case).  It has special velcro tabs on the back that let you stand it up like a laptop screen so if you combine it with the Bluetooth keyboard it's like using a regular laptop.  But it's better because the two portions are not attached to each other.It's zippy fast and it's really cool.  It's nice hanging out and being the one that the other people watch instead of always being the one envious of someone else's technology.  I know that sounded nerdy and I don't care.There are forums out there discussing the Slate, including people who do 3D modeling with it.  It's a powerful laptop, and it shouldn't be compared or confused with fun little gadgets like the iPad and the BlackBerry Playbook.  Those tablets are little more than smartphones with larger screens (ones that don't actually make phone calls).  They have their uses but they can't replace laptops.  At some point you're going to want to run your own software or replace the operating system.  You can't do that with most of the little tablets but you can do that with the Slate EP121 because it's a laptop.  A spiffy, shiny, drool-enducing laptop tablet PC thingy.You know you want one.  Just pre-order it and you'll get it soon!