I have never used an Apple Product before.  I am a software engineer but have never worked on a MAC. I was looking for a device to read text books in pdf format. I was looking for a device with at least 9.7" display. The Plastic Logic device doesn't seem to be coming out any time soon and I wasn't sure about the Iliad. I was on the edge  between the Kindle DX and the Ipad. I checked out the ipad and looked at some pdf's and was concerned about the display size, practicality of zooming in every time and prolonged reading on a back lit screen.After much deliberation (and research) I bought the Ipad. I unpacked the box at around 4pm. I couldn't put down the device until 2 am! It took all of 5 minutes to connect to my 802.11B Linksys router (it negotiates the WEP/WAP, key number and simply expected the Password/Key that I had used for security). I have worked on many high end LCD monitors but I have never seen a display so plush! My jaw literally dropped when I saw Magazine covers on zino (its a free app). The choice of applications on iTunes is mind boggling. At first I was sceptical about watching movies at this size. But the Netflix app rendering is so smooth, I felt like I was watching at 1080p on some high end SONY Bravia. Wall Street Journal , although expensive, is laid out so well that if other papers followed suit, it will bring the demise of their physical circulation immediately.Battery life is another thing that is so surprising. I had the device on, almost constantly, for almost 10 hours, and the level fell barely to 80%.Finally what really blew me away, is the finger swipe movement. I have never used an Ipod touch or Iphone before, so this was new to me. It is extraordinarily accurate and smooth and beats 20 years of Mouse development! The virtual keyboard is perfectly sensitive.Oh, and yes, I downloaded the GoodReader app and finally got around to reading my pdf text books. The screen is a bit small for reading text books with tables and network diagrams, but the pdf reader has a great margin-crop feature. Using this feature in landscape mode, with constant zoom, reading the most complex pdf becomes a breeze. The screen is so sharp and bright that eye strain is minimal.This is definitely the Ferrari of electronic devices.