I used this ASUS tablet PC for almost a month, and I must say there is no other tablet PC that can match it today in terms of usability and power. I wanted to use it to run pretty heavy software for FPGA design programs and it ran anything I threw at it almost instantly, with very little glitches. But I had to return it mainly because my bluetooth keyboard stopped working and ASUS support wanted me to return it to their service center, I returned it to Amazon instead as this gave me the impression that the product is not a 100% established product. Also the bad about the product slightly outweighed the good. I present the good and bad :Good:1) i5 processor - Amazingly powerful processor for multitasking2) Windows 7 - very apt for tablet PC settings.3) This tablet was made for one-note: I used it to take notes in class, and its just amazing. There are a few glitches, like stuff i wrote would get erased for no particular reason , but there is always the undo button.4) ASUS support - very prompt and responsiveBad:1) Bluetooth keyboard stopped working after 20 days. And its hard to be productive without a bluetooth keyboard with this tablet PC. If you are working on a report or anything that needs typing - typing on soft keyboard is hard. There is no tactile feedback and there is a slight lag in response of keys to touch, which makes typing very fast impossible. Also you mistype if your palm touches some other keys unintentionally2) Windows 7 is still not 100% tablet friendly, as not all tools respond to touch very well. I had to change the tool bar location multiple times as things would get pressed and applications started, while taking notes on one-note, or the tool bar would hide the keyboard prompt.3) Login is a pain after sleep mode, a fingerprint reader will be helpful.4) Battery life is low. less than 3 hours is not acceptable5) 64GB SSD is too small. half of it is used by OS and other stuff that comes preloaded.6) The stylus is easy to lose and replacement is hard to find.I might take a second look at this laptop after it becomes mainstream and has these additional features of1) Fingerprint reader2) Sandy Bridge processor with very long battery life3) GPS4) 3G/4G connectivity option5) better touch control (but this is on the OS side)