I just got this last night. It is a Christmas present for my 18-month-old daughter. I set up Skype so we can talk to grandma, downloaded a bunch of videos, and installed a bunch of toddler games and kiddie music apps. If you have used a newer Android phone, you will be very familiar with this interface because it is almost identical and it was very easy to set up. All of my setup work went off without a hitch and it never crashed once (surprising for an Android)! As an added bonus, they included a screen protector, so they must have been paying attention to other reviewers who said that it needed one!For all intents, this will be a perfectly functional tablet for my toddler and because of the low price I won't have to worry if it gets damaged. I would have given it four stars but there are a few problems that I find worth mentioning, and they were enough to knock off a star:1. Internal memory is 1GB, NOT 4GB as stated in the product details. Thankfully, Apps2SD works on this tablet without rooting, and I already had a 32GB micro SD card from an old phone that mounted with no problem in this tablet, so I shouldn't run into much trouble with the limited onboard memory.2. Charger stopped working the first night. There are two ways to charge this tablet - through the DC charger port and through the micro USB port. I was originally charging through the DC port and for some reason it just stopped charging. I unplugged and re-plugged the charger but it still wouldn't charge. I can charge through the USB with no problem but it is something worth mentioning.3. Strange angle on the front facing camera. While testing Skype I noticed that the front-facing camera is angled up. That will be a slight inconvenience because one would typically hold this tablet on his/her lap and tilt it up to use the front camera. If you do that on this tablet, the camera will be aimed at your forehead, so it must be slightly angled downward to get a good angle with that camera. This is not an issue of my height because I am 6' tall.4. Poor viewing at an angle. The picture quality drops off rapidly as you tilt or turn the screen, so one must keep it close to perpendicular with ones eyes to get a good picture.I will come back and update if I find anything else worth mentioning, but so far it is a "just ok" tablet that will work for its intended purpose.