I am beyond impressed by the W500.  I bought this as a companion to my ACER ETHOS, which in itself is an impressive machine but the ETHOS is too big and too nice to travel with.I am surprised to find that the W500 fits my every need when I travel and even at home.  The WiFi connection is super fast and will connect to a new and available network within seconds.  Preset networks, the one at home and at my office, connect instantly.  I can't even say that about the DELL I am forced to lug around for work.Storage is not a problem as long as you know how to use existing services.  For example, I have over 200 gigs of music stored at home and a bit over 1.2 tb of vacation pictures.  Now, I am not expecting anything but an external drive to house all these files.  However, when it comes to music, I use Amazon's could music service.  I load all my music and stream to the W500.  Same thing for vacation pictures.  If I am traveling, I take them off my camera load them onto the W500 post to FaceBook and save them onto my Amazon cloud drive.Think of the W500 as your introduction to the CLOUD!Now, a week into my W500 I became a bit frustrated.  It is very easy, too easy, to get used to the W500's touchscreen and completely start ignoring the mouse.  Touch is a heck of a lot faster than a hand held old world mouse...and I like fast!  Without thinking, both at work and at home, I've caught myself taping like a fool on my laptops' screens expecting them to work like the W500.  Then, of course, being a bit irritated when I have to use the mouse.  Laugh all you want, it will happen to you.The ACER W500 has plenty of USB ports and an HDMi port already built in along with two really nice cameras and an awesome microphone.  They're also included a built in headphone jack.  The keyboard is a really nice addition but so far I am perfectly fine with the onscreen touch keyboard.  Do keep in mind that, unlike the iPad, this is not a toy.  This is a real computer, a real pad, a real machine, that will allow you to get real stuff done--including work!