I don't own a smart phone, and never used an Android device before. I wanted to buy a small tablet, and the top 3 choices were Kindle Fire HD, iPad Mini, or Nexus 7. Cost is an important part of my decision making, so the iPad Mini was out immediately.I'm sure the Kindle Fire HD is a great product... I've seen them in action and have no doubt I would have been happy with it. However, in the end, I went with the Nexus 7 and I'm glad I did.The Android operating system was new to me, but it's so intuitive that within a few days, I felt very comfortable downloading new apps and trying out all kinds of things, from drawing and sketching to games and productivity tools. The portability and convenience of such a small device is really fun. I take it into the kitchen with me when I'm looking up recipes. Luckily, I already had some really nice Bluetooth headphones and listen to all the music I can imagine on Spotify. I've also uploaded all my music to Google Music. I've watched a couple of TV episodes I missed, and have a Netflix subscription. Also, I'm a Kindle eReader owner (older version), and find that reading my Kindle books (using the Kindle Android App) on the Nexus 7 is wonderful! It's back-lit and really easy on the eyes.I was already a moderate Google user (gmail, drive, docs, Picasa), but when you use the Nexus 7, you start to see the puzzle pieces of the world of Google fit together very nicely. I, like many Google users, have also noticed the huge amount of information Google has collected about me in order to fit me into Google World seamlessly... it's a trade-off, I guess. iPad owners have the same issue with Apple.The battery life of the Nexus 7 is incredible, and better than anticipated. I'm impressed with the overall quality and ease of use, the learning curve is not very steep.The only thing missing, of course, is a camera on the back (there is a front-facing cam for Skype, etc). I've also read many complaints of the lack of an HDMI-out port for connecting to an HDTV.For the price, I think Nexus 7 owners have a beautiful piece of technology that serves many purposes and interests... and ranks right up there with the iPad mini. Great job, Google and Asus.