I bought this item during a sale at Best Buy a few days before Christmas. I waited this long to write a review, because I wanted to use it a bit, before praising or slating it.First the Price was right $109. This is not an IPAD, and doesn't claim to be. In fact it undersells itself by claiming to be an ereader and diverting consumers to its big brother the Velocity Cruz Tablet, which is considerably more pricier.This ereader has a more upmarket feel about the construction, with a glass screen and not the cheap plastic feel that some other readers/tablets have. Keep a glass cleaning cloth handy to wipe off smudges, and invest in a decent protective case, though it comes with a decent cover anyway.As an Ereader it performs magnificently, not only can you read books from Borders (comes with it) you can also download Kindle and Nook for it. You have to work a little to get some of the cool Android apps, but as long as you save the .apk file from whatever outlet, you can then put it on the Cruz, and it works well enough. Another book reader is the "Overdrive" software, which allows you to sign out books from your local library as you would if you were actually going there and getting an actual book. The font, and sizes can be changed to suit each individual, and you also have day and night settings on all the ereader softwares.I have also used this device to watch movies. Downloaded the .apk file for the mvideoplayer, and installed it. processed the video via Handbrake with an IPOD setting, and the video works flawlessly.Surfed the web with ease (Wifi only) with no difficulty on any of the sites I surfed.The only cons, as such, are 1. it is slightly heavy, but not unduly so. 2. It is a resistive touch screen, but it doesn't claim anything different. However the resistive screen isn't as bad as I thought it might be, after calibration, i am able to move around the "Tablet" with a relatively light touch.All in all I would recommend this ereader to anyone who wants a good ereader with added benefits.