The Duo certainly places form above function.  The flipscreen works well and it is pretty neat to be able to flip it into tablet mode for extended throne-room blog reading, prop it up on the kitchen counter for online recipes (see photo) or browse a social network in bed, then quickly flip the keyboard back out if you want to type something.  If the price was comparable to other 10" netbooks, this would be a winner.  But hundreds more?  I don't think so, especially since it's missing some key features of both tablets and netbooks.I don't own another tablet, but I do have another netbook, the Asus EeePC 901.  The Asus has 3 USB ports, a VGA output, an SD card slot and an ethernet outlet.  The Dell Duo has 2 USB ports and none of the other things.  So I guess Dell has blown off the commercial market for this model, since you can't output video to a projector or large monitor to show a presentation or hook it up to a wired internet or intranet system.  The other Asus advantage is the battery: removable, replaceable and far more powerful.  Like others have written, I get about 2.5 hours on the Dell battery; the Asus lasts for 6 hours or more.On the positive side, the Duo does have a large amount of hard drive space.  I suppose they expect you to load it with MS Office and other large programs.  You could fill it with movies, but then you'll have to plug it in after the movie's over.  Kindle for PC works great on here (throw out Dell's ebook program; it's awful) but at 3+ pounds, you'd better have a powerful grip and strong biceps to read while standing.  The touchscreen works well, the keyboard is comfortable for typing and speaker sound is decent.Overall this is a netbook that sacrifices some utility for nifty design features at a premium, rather than a true best-of-both-worlds netbook/tablet.  I would wait and see if they revise and improve this model.UPDATE: after only about 6 months, the battery is weakened to the point where it doesn't even last for 2 hours.  This is unacceptable for any "portable" computer nowadays, much less one that wants to be a tablet.