Before you start complaining about the Apps library not working and the system crashing, read the instructions, you MUST visit cobyusa and follow instructions for easily downloading and installing the latest Apps version and resetting the OS.Please don't lose your perspective; you cannot rate this gadget as if it were an iPad. To our dismay it is not.I got mine for 199 in Toys'R Us. After reviewing many low-cost models this one had the features I needed (the only descent model with HDMI output). When connected to the TV, the video quality is more than extraordinary, excellent for watching HD movie files or even HD youtube videos on your TV.Similar to the other cheap tablets, the included apps service is packed with hundreds of silly games and useless applications, some work; others simply won't work on kyros. After browsing a lot I ended with some helpful free apps such as file explorer, task manager, PDF reader, weather, news, video downloading, maps, recorder, etc. One of the best would be TuneIn for listening radio stations from all over the world.Looks solid and well constructed. Performs excellent as a book reader with the included Aldiko and hundreds of free classic books available. The screen is very comfortable to read and has a night mode to read in low-light conditions. As a book reader the battery lasts far enough.Connects easily to a home wireless service, and performance is in between a laptop's and a smartphone's reception capabilities. As I supposed, wi-fi drains the battery significantly. Browsing the web and emailing is not a problem at all. Fun to use for kids also. Sorry, no Adobe Flash. I tried to install the Flash 10 for 2.1 (Eclair) available on the web but did not work well. No Hulu either of course.Things I did not like: mine had some minor flaws on the screen, a bit heavy for the size, the battery efficiency should be better, no camera, and poor quality microphone. A design mishap or not (I don't know), but the low-battery warning pops up way too early, so don't panic, you still have a loooong run before it turns off.My main complain is about communications, despite there are some Skype and SIP (VoIP) applications for 2.1, neither worked well in my tablet. For that it went back to the store.