I am writing this review on my Xoom tablet, which is now running Android 4.1.1, also known as "Jelly Bean" (for those that don't know, this tablet is now able to receive the stock OTA 4.1.1 update). I primarily use this tablet for reading, browsing, Netflix, music and movies, although email and the game apps have improved by leaps and bounds...and the Zoodles Kid Mode app is a godsend for tablet users who have little kids :-)I have run this tablet on 3.2 Honeycomb, 4.0.4 ICS, and now on 4.1.1, and I must say that even though the experience was a bit rocky with 3.2, it has only gotten better! It has improved to the point that my laptop is pretty much always put away, in favor of this medium, which has awesome battery life (in comparison), and is also far more portable.For those frustrated with slow scrolling speeds in the Netflix app (which was a major complaint for me), Jelly Bean actually fixes that. On ICS, you apparently had to Force 2D rendering in the developer settings to make it smoother.The tablet keyboard now functions smoothly, and (at least on mine) the scrolling smoothness rivals that of the iPad 2, which was this tablet's direct competitor at release.Fact is, unless you are willing to shell out more than 500 bucks for a 10.1 inch tablet, this one has the overall best build quality, and doesn't have as much in the way of bloatware or altered interfaces. Unlike with my droid phone, I have not felt the need to root the device for optimization, or use ADW to make the launcher look/function better.If you want something completely intuitive, with little to no setup, and don't mind being restricted to iTunes, an iPad is probably best for you. If you don't mind doing a bit of exploring in the OS, and want an experience that isn't as restrictive, then Android may be the better way to go. With JB, this tablet is a great buy.Watch out for grey market sellers. Personally, Warehouse deals, while not always the lowest price, is probably best. It has never let me down. And don't shy away from refurbished products; mine is one, and it came in the OEM box looking and performing like new :-)--received XOOM tablet from Woot!