I am an educated buyer.  I normally research expensive purchases before making them...especially for brands or products i'm not familiar with.  It's important to know that this item had the potential to be exactly what I was looking for.  I originally wanted an iPad.  But decided that I would be wasting my money since I already own an iPhone and MacBook Pro.  So I decided that a more affordable eReader was what I wanted.  However, the Kindle with it's black and white display and less than simple button features were a turnoff.  I wanted a product that was full color, and was touch. After reading mixed reviews on this product I figured that I knew what I was getting myself into with some of the "cons" of this product.  I knew that a $199 price tag was not going to get me  "a cheap iPad" but I did expect to get what was advertised. And I did not.  Straight out of the box the device would not power up.  I referred to the "start up guide" (a four page spread and the only documentation included spare the warranty) and it said nothing about charging it before use ect, I referred to the internet (on my laptop) to the online manual...which still included no trouble shooting or start up information.  I referred to an online blog written by some other poor sap like myself that wasted money on this paperweight.  They suggested resetting the device...and wala it powered up.  I set up the wireless connection with no issue and after setting up my Kindle & Facebook apps (already installed)  they worked well.  But after powering the device down (so that it could fully charge as is it arrived to me with no battery), and attempting to power it back up it was then stuck on the android load screen and cannot be reset.Some people have had success with this device and love it, and I am not sure weather I received a defective item or if this product needs some work.*Update: I returned this item to Amazon, and I must commend them on their STELLAR customer service!  The item (with provided return ship label) took only a few days to reach them, and are already issuing my refund.  This renews my faith in purchasing expensive items online.  Especially when you can't interact with a person, or see the item you are getting.