Late 2012 UPDATE:  Looks like the new price isn't coming down anytime soon.  Dropping from four stars to three, because once you get near the $200 price point, there are probably better options...-----Ok, so a couple of weeks back I picked one of these up for a buck thirty, right here.  A few days later, it listed for a buck fifty!  And now, a buck eighty?!  I mean, yeah, the tablet's actually pretty good (for a second-tier FroYo unit), but with its current price volatility, you might want to consider either other models or other vendors.As for specs, this one is a PDF reader's dream.  Well, ok, a 15" borderless unit would be perfect, but realistically, this is quite a solid runner-up, and a bargain (at least at its former price).  Yeah, it'll play video games, but remember, it runs FroYo (Android 2.2), so the OS is old, and I have no inclination to try upgrading it.  Frankly, I don't even see a need to root it.  If you just consider it a giant Kindle with the Google Play store installed, you'll be pleased as punch with it.  With the current incarnation of Adobe's PDF reader app, if you set the page-view to "Continuous," there's no need to reflow anything.Other than the occasional freeze or lockup, which frankly happens to all 2nd-tier units at some time or another, the only real issue I've encountered (and I think this may be the issue in some of the negative reviews here) is that you ABSOLUTELY HAVE TO charge the battery fully before using it.  It comes a bit precharged, and the battery life is great (which probably explains the heaviness), but if you let the power run all the way down, the thing won't power up enough to even start a proper recharge cycle for like an hour.  It's a PITA, but the fix is easy--just don't ever let the battery level drop below ~15%.  And speaking of charging, it takes quite a while, and the socket's proprietary, but rumor has it you can use a standard 15-pin iPod charging cable, if you shave off a bit of plastic from the sides.  I've never tried, but honestly, LePan sells replacement cords for so cheap, why bother?Other things:  Remember, it's running FroYo, so NO EQUALIZER.  (Sux if you're an audiophile.)  Also, it'll fit an iPad case just fine, but the I/O holes and button spaces won't line up, so be prepared to use a scissors on the case if you go this way.So in a nutshell, for a buck-thirty, LePan's TC-970 is a great PDF reader.  At its buck-eighty inflated price, though, you might as well check out some 1st-tier tabs that run 4.0+ (Ice Cream Sandwich, Jellybean, etc.).