When Windows 8 was first announced at Microsoft's BUILD conference, I was in love!  I really wanted to try out the new Metro interface but I wanted a "proper" device to test it on.  The Metro interface is very touch-friendly and using it on a laptop really isn't the same (though it can be navigated via the mouse).After checking out a few tablets that run Windows 7, it seemed like the C50 would be a great Atom-alternative and the Gorilla Glass screen didn't hurt either.After receiving it, I immediately booted my Windows 8 iso (all downloadable via Microsoft) and went through a painless install.Everything worked right out of the gate and cold booting was just a matter of a few seconds.  Suspend works flawlessly and instantly.  It's basically like having an iPad or Android tablet that you could actually do more work on!  I love Android tablets BTW but I did need something that I could do more work on with some Windows-proprietary applications.The included keyboard is great and provides an easier method of text input, USB ports, and a wired ethernet connection.  Unfortunately it doesn't have a battery like the Asus Transformer, but it is useful.  Some of the keys are mushy and must be struck with authority to register, but overall speed will be better than tapping on the screen.  Though the on-screen keyboard in Windows 8 is a HUGE upgrade over the one in Windows 7.Battery life has been good but I haven't tested it for more than about 5 hours of browsing/light use.  I do take it with me to customer sites for taking notes and it's easy to tether to my Android phone's hotspot.I do wish this tablet was more popular so you could get more accessories, but there are a lot of generic 10" tablet accessories that will fit decently.  I'm using a Toshiba sleeve that has hard sides and fits 10" tablets/netbooks.The only con I can really think of is how slippery the tablet is.  The back is very slick and I wish it was rubberized (like the Toshiba Thrive) or at least had some rubberized areas.If you're curious about Windows 8, this really lets you experience the Metro interface as the devs intended.