I received my TC 970 tablet about a week ago, very quick shipping, got it in 2 days. I have been playing with it for few days now and I have to say, for a price tag of $199, its an amazing tablet. Yes it only comes with Android 2.2 (Froyo), and they don't have any update available for Gingerbread, Honeycomb or ICS 4.0. But for just browsing, watching videos, playing games and using apps like Skype, Facebook and others, its a great tablet. Yes there are few games that cant be installed, because of the high requirements of the game, but I don't care, but if you do care then spend $80 more and get Le Pan II for $279. It has the QUALCOMM 1.2GHz Dual-core Snapdragon processor and more memory. But I have to say my expectation with TC 970 was very low until I got it, I was just amazed at the quality and performance of this tablet. With 1GHz single-core TI Arm Cortex 8 and 512MB memory it performs well. With that said don't try to compare this with iPad2, but it does 75% of what iPad2 can do, and for only $199 compared to $500 its an amazing deal. I do own an iPad2 also. Few small things, the internal built-in flash NAND storage is only 2GB, so buy a $20 32GB micro-sd card and stick it in. It comes with 2GB SD card already, but I think that's small if you want to store pics and movies on it. Yes the tablet does some time gets slow after you have too many applications running, so either kill the task in task manager or reboot. I have only had to do it once since I got it. The big plus this tablet has over other cheap ones is the Google Market app (now Google Play) which is already configured and this tablet is certified for it. You don't have to first root the device and install it like other cheap ones. But I still recommend rooting the device, opens up the tablet for a lot more stuff then whats on GooglePlay (not that its any less stuff there). So if you want a budget tablet that works great, this is a good candidate. I am still playing with the tablet, if I find anything else I will update.