I'm writing the review on my Ziio right now. Backstory: 61 yr old retired Master Machinist. CAD designer, and pretty decent with computers.This thing is really fun and easy to use. in fact I used it for EVERYTHING except my Turbocad work.almost all android apps work great. Kindle reading app is great. I use firefox mainly,  but Opera works great too. I dropped a t & t for my internet on my acer and now pay 90$ a month for 10gb of 4g on verizon mifi. works outstanding. For the money I love it.Update Sept6th,2012:I've had the Ziio for six months now and to any who wrote negative reviews, what the heck do you want for this amount of money.I use my Ziio now 90% of the time, it's easy, small and does a great job.I use Verizon MiFi to connect to the net and I've not had a single problem doing so. The prepaid mifi is $90 for 10gig. More than what we use and twice as much gbs fo half the money of what we used to get from att.The color is great,  upgrades are simple, downloading app from the Amazon App Store is easy. The only problem what so ever I' had was trying to download Mozilla Firefox from Google play. Maybe it's me, but the scene says if it doesn't start then the tablet is not on the list. Hard to imagine Creative Labs not being on the list. But I got Firefox from the Amazon Store. I Got Kingsoft Office from Amazon and works great.Technical point I don't like but fixed, the four control touch buttons really need to be back lite, could have done it from the screen light.  the bottom shows labelmaker labels on the white plastic to help me with the touch buttons. I'll include a video to show how mine is set up.as soon as I get it down to 100mb. Again, I give it 5 stars for users above 50 yrs old, does play games, Kindle books read easy, I keep my medical info in a pdf file, all my brag pictures as jpg, can check email from any wifi does everything I ask it to do oh also has about 60 pieces of 60-70's (elevator music my son calls it) on it and the sound is great. I do wish it had speech to text in my Kindle books.Anybody have an idea on how to take a picture when the camera is facing you?Didn't buy it for the cameras.Finally, It's a great little tablet for the money.