UPDATE 3/7/12: As I mentioned in my original review below, part of the reason I purchased the W500 was to install and play around with Windows 8.  I've used the developer preview and consumer preview and both have worked out extremely well.  Installation was a breeze (either via USB stick or attached cd/dvd drive).  Everything worked great out of the gate, no need for additional driver installs or anything.  Put simply: it is working out perfectly for me.As someone that has used countless computers, notebooks, tablets, etc, I was looking for a tablet that could do more than just play games and check email.  That's where the Acer Iconia Tab W500 came in.  Sure, you can play games and check email, but you can also do just about anything on it that a full-size desktop can do.  Programs that require a bunch of memory or processing might be a bit much for it, but this is a great tablet for general use, work/professional, or just about anything.This device packs a dual-core cpu, 2gb memory, and a 32gb solid state drive.  You also get a 10.1" screen and it all runs on Windows 7 Home Premium.  As for computing power, it does very well.  I run all the basics (Acrobat, Office, etc) plus graphics software, some CAD software, and other specialized applications.  I'm pleased with its performance.  If 32gb isn't enough storage for you, you can put install a SD/SDHC/SDXC card in about one minute.  I added an SDXC card and it is super fast.  The screen is nice and has a good touch response.It is about a half pound heavier than an ipad or some other tablets, but you clearly get more bang for your buck here.  Good hardware, good screen, expandable storage, USB ports, HDMI, etc.  You can print to just about any printer, use most of your current devices, etc.  I would certainly consider this device to be a workhorse over its competitors.  I also purchased the Iconia Tab W500 to play around with Windows 8.  I won't really consider that a part of my review, but it was simple to install on the W500 and play around with.  Plus, it handled the new OS very well.You also get a keyboard, but honestly I don't use it that much.  I've used it to install some software, etc, but the device stays undocked most of the time.  My only issue has been finding a decent case to put the device in.  Most are very bulky and just do not do the device justice.  Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase.