I've had the Acer A500 tablet for 4 weeks and love it.  I am new to Android so am learning its traits.  Pretty easy to pick up but there are probably nice features I haven't yet discovered.What I like about the tablet:1. The monitor is brighter and sharper than my laptop that has a premium monitor.2. Nice size for handling and viewing.3. It is a comfortable weight.  Not as bad as I was expecting from comments comparing it to the iPad.  Much, much better than lugging the laptop especially when you want to check something while watching TV.4. The virtual keyboard is easier to use than I expected.  Nice size.5. The full-size and mini USB ports.  I haven't needed to use the mini-HDMI port but I am glad it is there for future use.6. Long battery life.  Not as long as the iPad but plenty long enough for me.7. The free Kindle app.  I like this better than my wife's Kindle.  While this can't compete in bright daylight, it needs no secondary lighting for reading at night.  It offers three different viewing backgrounds, white, sepia and black.  Haven't tried it but the black might work in bright sunlight.8. THE SLINGBOX APP!!  This is sweet.  For those who don't know Slingbox gives you access to your TV/DVR anywhere there is internet.  I have used this for years on my laptop from my back deck daily and when we travel.  The picture on the Acer is more crisp than the older Slingbox t was on my laptop.  In order to use ion the tablet I had to upgrade to the newer Solo and load it to my laptop. Sling gives a $50 discount for upgrade.  Solo upgrade is $139 delivered.  The cost of the app for the tablet is $30. The Slingbox rep warned me that the app hasn't been optimized for tablets yet.  I have found it to be excellent on our home wireless.  It may lose something on 3G.What I would like to see or improved:1. I would like to be able to view two windows simultaneously as I can with the laptop.2. 3G.  I have to buy a card/drive but the upside is I should be able to move it to my laptop when needed.3. The Microsoft Office app, QuickOffice Pro, seems pretty weak from my first exposure.  I need to study it.  Hopefully it is a learning curve issue, but if the functionality is there, it sure isn't obvious or intuitive to this Android neophyte.4. More 3.0 apps.No comment on the built-in cameras.  I haven't used them yet because that is not why I bought a tablet.Bottom line:  I am glad I spent months researching all available tablets and waited until the Honyecomb 3.0 OS became available.  For what I was looking for, the Acer 500 was the obvious choice.  It has exceeded my expectations.  I rate it 5 stars.