I wanted a lightweight tablet to replace my laptop for school use, and after weighing my options, I decided on the iPad 2 over the Samsung Galaxy tab because Apples appstore is alot more disverse and expansive. With apps like Documents To Go Premium and AVPlayerHD, it has almost completely replaced my laptop, and with the keyboard/case combo I ordered it does word processing just fine. It does pretty well with the battery life at mid-level brightness and does terrific on the lowest setting. Im a college student and Im at school for 12 hours on some days, so time is factor and it delievers.My one big issue with the iPad is its restrictions. You can not drag and drop items like word documents, images, pdf's, videos to and from the ipad without itunes, and because the iPad natively only plays a few video formats, you have to download an app if you want a broader selection. AVPlayerHD plays all video formats and actually allows you to drag these files into the sharing option in itunes. Which makes the device feel much more diverse, but the app isnt free, its about 1.99 in the appstore. Aside from the restriction issue I really like it, it hasnt completely replaced laptop, not until your able to transfer items without the use of iTunes.(There are apps like AVPlayerHD that allow you to transfer  certain incompatible files to your ipad through iTunes, and Im sure there are some for photos and documents, but you'll have to hunt for them down and they probably wont be free -but I guess if you can afford to shell out the dough for an iPad you can afford a couple 1 to 10 dollar apps-)I reccomend the iPad, its pretty cool.*Update*I got my iPad on Jan 14th, 2012 and got rid of it February 12th, 2012. It was very fun for awhile, but once the novelty wore off the iPad was just too limited. I needed more freedom and less hassle, I'm not a fan of going through iTunes for virtually all data transferring. I cant hook anything up to it without some ridiculous peripheral; something as simple as an SD or MicroSD card slot could have made a world of difference, my model was 16 gig. After the iOS 5 update it was down to about 13, and I had over 6 gigs for music and 8 for previous iPod touch apps.I had tons of movies but with the limited none expandable space, I could only fit about three compressed movies at a time, which were greatly smaller in size compared to anything offered in the iTunes store. I greatly regret not going with the Galaxy Tab, which in terms of flexibility is incredibly superior, however, neither of these are computers so the overall flexibility I prefer might never be on that level. That said, I probably should have gone with the Galaxy, although, the iPad was very fun, it wasn't for me.