This is a great tablet, as long as you don't know what you're missing. I bought this item with great expectations, seeing as to how I fell in love with the Android platform after purchasing and rooting a Velocity Cruz Reader.  The specs posted should have made this a clear winner, and it was, until I started purchasing peripherals.  The first thing I bought was the composite video out cable because naturally, I wanted to watch some of my videos on the big screen.  Unfortunately, it didn't work with the first set of cables.  I contacted Samsung and they told me that they didn't know why it wasn't working, and that they'd email me back with a resolution once they researched it further.  In the mean time, I had Amazon replace the cables.  New cables arrived.  Same problem persisted.  Well, that was two sets of cables, so I thought perhaps the problem is with the unit I received. So I contacted Samsung again and was told that the cables should work with the WiFi only version, and they didn't know what the problem could be.  So I sent the unit back for replacement.A few days later I had a new Tab, new cables, and the same problems.  Decided to do a little research and found that the name "Samsung Galaxy Tab (Wi-Fi) is a bit misleading, as it implies that the only thing different is that this version does not have mobile data capacity.  No, there's a slew of differences between this item and the original Samsung Galaxy Tab.  I'm not going to list the hardware differences as others have mentioned them already, but instead I'll tell you what you're missing because of the hardware differences.First, there's the ability to use peripherals such as the composite video out.  It works fine on the Verizon Galaxy Tab (which I purchased through Amazon Wireless) but it did not work with either Wi-Fi only versions.  In addition to that, I've noticed that my videos play better on the carrier version.  On the Wi-Fi version, some video would play back chopily, with random sound syncing problems and video that at times would stick and leave a ghost for a few seconds while the video played.  At first I disregarded this as the price of new tech, but no, it's just the Wi-Fi version's cheap processor.