Devices like this make so much sense for the kind of light computing most of us do when we're away from the office.  And for reading, looking at pics, doing email, etc. this thing rocks.But it drives me crazy that Apple has waited so long to update this to iOS 4.  The iOS 4 features - which have been available for *months* on the iPhone - will finally bring multitasking, the ability to resume applications where you left off, and folders to the iPad.  These updates are merely small conveniences on the iPhone - which you use as a computer only for short periods when you're out running around or whatever.  They're extremely important to the iPad's credibility as a device which you'd like to use as much as possible instead of lugging around a laptop or being chained to a desk.  I still use the iPad a lot if I'm going to be focused on one application for a long time.  But life is often messier than that, so I actually end up switching to my much-too-teeny-tiny iPhone more than I'd like because it's got more flexible functionality.Devices like the iPad are definitely the way forward for light computing, and Apple has done a great job on developing this product.  But it's not quite done - it's pretty freakin' irritating that Apple has taken so long to meet this obvious need to update to the greater flexibility of iOS 4.2.p.s.  The only other thing I'd change is to up the resolution of the screen to iPhone 4 levels.  Don't get me wrong, the iPad's display is gorgeous.  But the nature of the device is that you hold it *closer* than a laptop.  Resolutions that would be really great at laptop screen distance are a bit grainy at handheld distance.  Which means that you feel like you're reading on a computer instead of looking at something that looks like a printed page.  I've noticed that although the iPhone 4 has too small a screen to read really long books comfortably, the crisp text resolution makes it more comfortable than you'd think for reading.p.p.s.  I couldn't give a bleep about a camera/facetime.  Kind of a cool concept, but until our nation has much faster broadband, it just isn't worth the aggravation.  Yes, my experience is that AT&T; is the pits - slow 3G, slow home broadband, and truly stone-age customer service.  Just what you'd expect from a de facto monopoly service provider!