I've postponed this review for a few months -- waiting to see how useful it would be after the newness wore off. So, the verdict is in:I put it in a black leather case and deliver sermons from it every week (written on a Mac and transferred to the iPad by "Print to PDF" at A5 size straight to a Dropbox folder, then transferred on the iPad from Dropbox to iBooks. It takes about 20 seconds). I prefer the iPad to printed sermon notes and wedding outlines because it's more easily hand-holdable, I can use a custom color scheme at no extra charge for ink, the print can be very large, I'm not wasting a bunch of paper, it's lighter, smaller, and more portable than a large-print Bible, and when talking to people after church I've got access to my calendar and address book so I can schedule appointments, get contact information, write reminders for that week's staff meeting, etc., -- all while standing in the foyer greeting members and visitors.I've also used it for presentations by connecting it to a vga projector input at the podium and utilizing the mirrored display. You aren't limited to Keynote for that although it does work well. But I've found it just as useful with iBooks, Bible software, and even YouTube player. The portability is fantastic -- disconnect the video adapter, slap the cover closed and walk away.Daily uses: mileage and expense tracking, keeping track of contacts, calendars & notes, video record-keeping, listening to Texas Rangers baseball broadcasts, web surfing, investment management, reading papers and books, and navigation. It's my favorite device for reading and responding to most emails.It can stand in for a computer in a pinch, which it had to recently when my laptop was put out of commission for a few days by a lightning strike. Using various apps most of the data I need on a daily basis is automatically synced wirelessly between the iPad, iPhone, and MBAir, so I still had my complete calendar and all my appointments (iCal/Google combo), access to all my email (IMAP gmail), all my notes (Evernote), vital documents (Dropbox), and the ability to research and write sermons, articles, and class presentations. It's capable enough that I can get by with leaving my laptop at the office most evenings. Yea!It's far more portable than even my MacBook Air. It's small and discrete enough to take into restaurants, tuck into the console in my car, and take into hospital waiting rooms without appearing insensitive to anxious family members. Instant on and off means you can pick it up to glance at the weather radar, or check an address, or take a note as easily as picking up an iPhone, but the size makes it much faster and easier to enter and view information. It's also large enough to share information with others around you.I use it daily and would replace it within a week if I lost it. 5 stars.