I'm giving this one star instead of two because I don't want to encourage people to buy from this company. This tablet is not all bad but it has few good points besides the price, which isn't really that great depending on where you buy it.Anyway, to start, it's not google approved so no marketplace unless you root it. I'm no tech geek so no marketplace for me.Second it doesn't have much memory or storage so an sd card is a must, but still onboard storage is minimal so you can't have too many apps anyway.It plays angry birds and nextflix ok and it does have flash so that's a plus, but lack of the markplace is a hindrance for finding quality apps. Amazon appstore is a savior for this thing along with mobile 1.There is no mic and no camera so no chat via skype or anything like that. Wifi was iffy on mine, there was an update available but the problem I had was that if wifi turned itself off and you tried to turn it back on it crashed the tablet.And speaking of crashing, there were a lot of forced closed moments.But I could live with all that. I actually loved this little thing as an ereader and it was my first android device. I still like the idea of it even with all it's flaws but today after only having it for a little over 4 months it has died. This morning after using it normally the night before; it suddenly refused to turn on. It is fully charged according to the indicator light, but it won't start at all. DOA. Pressing the power button does nothing, it doesn't even try. It's a brick. So I have to send it back to efun, that is if they will honor their warranty which I'm doubtful about.So my advice is unless someone gives this piece of crap to you, just save your money and buy from a reputable company and get a tablet with all the bells and whistles. You may think you don't need it but once you start playing around with android you will discover apps where you want those missing features.It's not a bad cheap android tablet; but for a few bucks more you can have a good android tablet so why skimp? When it comes to electronics you get what you pay for.  Since I can't get a refund I will have to hope they send me a replacement but I am saving my money for something better.