I bought this direct from J&R; and have been fiddling with it for 6 weeks now.  I tried to make the stock operating system work for me, but the 5 hour battery life and the lack of the Android Market finally made me jump ship to a new OS.  Amazon's android apps store was a decent substitute during this period, but it'll be a few years before it's as full as Google's market.Avoid trying to install the new ROM on the internal SD card.  The root directory is protected.  I downloaded Clockwork MOD on a micro SD card, installed it without problems. You need it to install most versions of new ROMs.  I then downloaded installed Vegan Tab Ginger Edition RC1 ROM from XDA developers on the same SD card and then did a full wipe and install of the tablet.  It's been quite stable thus far.  You can easily change ROMS if one doesn't suit you.  Battery life is about 10 hours on heavy use, and the Skyfire browser is a decent replacement for the stock browser.  You can get up to 30 gb of storage with a second micro sd card.  Consider buying a couple more cards if you plan to store movies.Before you make the investment, make sure you know the tradeoffs.  Viewing angles are sub par on this tablet.  The new Vegan RC1 ROM cannot properly render photos so the camera is effectively bricked until the next version.  It also contains "Superuser" a program which AVG scanned and labeled as potential security risk.  You can't uninstall it, but you can disable it after boot.  Also - Android Netflix and Hulu streaming are not supported on any android device as of yet.  Get the skinomi covers or cut up some dense textured tape from your local hobby store if you do pull the trigger.Update- July 2011.  I withdraw my support for the Tablet.  When I turned on the tablet today, it was stuck in a boot loop and is now essentially bricked.  It'll take 3 hours to root the device from my PC, and I just don't have the time.  It may be hardware, it may be the ROM.  Who knows.I'm going to save up for a better tablet that will not have all these problems.