I picked this Toshiba Excite 10 (AT305T16) tablet up at a big box office supply store for $45 out of pocket because I had the balance in rewards dollars for being a frequent customer for my office. Had I paid the full amount out of pocket I would have returned the tablet for a full refund and looked else where. I really like this tablet overall...the specs are pretty decent and it runs well but the light bleed is pretty significant. Come on Toshiba, how could you let something like this out the door? Almost all tablets are going to have a bit of backlight bleed (except my wife's iPad) but there's enough light coming through around all 4 sides to power a light house. I brought the first one back for an exchange and decided to keep this second one. The first one had bleed just in the upper right corner and along the entire right side but the light was much brighter. This one has bleed evenly spaced on all four sides but is much dimmer. When it's fully powered up the back light issue is not noticeable with normal usage. More noticeable on dark movie scenes / pictures. I can live with this one for what I paid. I guess Toshiba got a boatload of these displays from China and refuses to take a loss and would rather disappoint more than a few customers by the looks of these reviews. Shame. Anyway, it's a decent tablet. Four stars held back for sloppy quality control.***UPDATE*** (October 26, 2012) Contacted Toshiba, spoke to customer service in what sounded like the Philippines, they kept me on the phone for close to 45 minutes gathering registration information and reading from a script and ultimately passed me over to a "senior tech" who informed me nothing would be done to alleviate my concern with this issue. I returned the tablet to where I bought it and received a full refund. I am putting in my order for an Apple iPad4 as soon as they appear on the Apple website later tonight or tomorrow. At least I know I'll be getting a quality product without QC problems that is proven and with plenty of apps to boot. Goodbye Toshiba you've lost a customer.