This tablet brought me nothing but stress and problems.  New out of the box there were already signs of the charger plastic falling out, life wasn't as long as my boyfriend's tablet (we bought two).  Then it worsened, it kept turning itself off without warning or I had to press 10 seconds to turn on after it charged.Shipped in to fix, but came back dead after I re-installed all my apps in it.... Okay, So I shipped it in to fix 2nd time.  This time it came out of the box, turned on.  But when I tried to charge it.  Didn't move..... Charged for 24 hours... it was still at the same spot it was where I left it.Okay shipped it in 3rd time.. comes back with my screen protector all slashed.Asus customer service is Garbage.  I sent my tablet in 3 times to fix, it's ridiculous the many times it came back UNFIXED -ANd worse every time.  The last time after my complaints they finally realize DOH, the tablet isn't charging maybe just maybe I should take out the battery and change it to another one for this person??? OH.. mother board has problems, JUST MAYBE it should be replaced??? The tech people retaliate, damage my screen protector BY SLASHING IT MULTIPILE TIMES (Obviously on purpose)- how the hell can it suddenly come back SLASHEd all over like you played fruit ninja on my tablet with a real knife??? and then your company don't even reimburse or compensate or do anything.. yeah not even investigate this.. just let your workers abuse the system... "we're not responsible for 3rd party stuff" -right, it's a freaking $15 screen protector, you know how long it takes to put those on?? who the hell would take that off when taking it off = bubbles and dust collecting inside??  3 times i sent my tablet... WOW, so Im suppose to take it off and put it on 3x while your service suck???.  Crap service if your ask me.  This is the first time and the last time i'll ever buy from your company.  All of you customer service people say the same thing to me "I apologize for the issue"  But nothing will be done or is done to resolve.  - Better off trying another company like Apple or Samsung.  And dig this, they would tell you that you have to pay for shipping for servicing, UNLESS you SPECIFICALLY tell them hey ... this wasn't my fault that my tablet came broken after 1 week of use... WHy Do i have to put in more money endlessly shipping in back and forth for you to figure out what on earth you're doing???  - anyways Morale here: Don't buy from Asus.. like ever.. ever.. again.