I wasn't expecting an Ipad and do not feel the need to have one.  I was thinking about getting a kindle, but when I saw this PC tablet for the same amount of money, I figured I'd take a chance on it.This is a great item.  I am able to get books from Kindle AND I can surf the web, check email and watch videos on YouTube!  I also got free apps (Many you can also get in the Amazon Android Apps Store!--For such things as weather, horoscopes, movie showtimes, wikipedia and dictionary.com), Plus! I can listen to police scanners and radio stations from around the world!  I just use a wire from the tablet and hook it up to my aux on my boombox and can hear this stuff loud and clear!The tablet also comes with a very nice, pleather case, which you can fold back and use as a stand for the tablet, for when you want to watch youtube.One thing this pc tablet is unable to utilize is flash.  BUT, there is a way around this!  You can download a free browser called SKYLINK.  With this browser, it encodes MOST flash video into HTLM5--Which lets you watch video on MANY sites.  Some of the video can be highly pixeled with "bleeding" colors.  It has worked GREAT on the CNN site and with movie trailers.  FYI--DO NOT select SKYLINK as your default browser--for it messes up getting YouTube on this tablet.  Also, if you are looking for a tablet with a GPS, this won't be the tablet for you to purchase. (But, hey, you can get one of those right here on Amazon--I did, for a here $43.00!!--Still, if you buy this PC Tablet and a GPS for your car=Still save hundreds vs. the APPLE IPAD!!)One thing I would suggest buying for this PC Tablet is a 16 gb micro sd card--for there are some apps out there that you do need a card for in able to use them.I figure, purchasing this pc tablet vs. the kindle was a great buy.  This tablet is great for someone like myself that doesn't need all the latest and greatest tech stuff.  If you want a simple, inexpensive pc tablet that will let you read books, surf the web, check your email, listen to mp3s, view your photos, watch occasional video on YouTube and listen to radio from all over the world, and utilize many of free apps out there such as ones used for the weather, dictionaries, the bible, audio books, to learn a language and more!, then this latest item in electronic trends is a great, humble electronic device that you can buy without burning a hole in your pocket.