The gTablet is a fine piece of hardware and a very well built and feature rich android tablet.  The processing power and complete feature set make it an excellent tablet to cut your teeth on.  However, you will be much happier if you root it and install one of the custom roms.  I've already installed several and they enhance the value of the tablet.  If you are uncomfortable with flashing roms and tinkering with the setup then this probably isn't the tablet for you and you should spend an extra 150 to 200 and get an Acer Iconia or a Asus Transformer, or Lenovo, all of which are excellent tablets for those who don't want to tinker.Even with tinkering this tablet isn't perfect.  The screen does have a relatively narrow field of view - good for "privacy" but not so good when you're in your recliner and trying to balance it just right for viewing.  The second issue I have with the tablet is they copied the shape of the iPad so much it has the same kind of profile which is just about the most difficult to handle shape possible.  I really with more would have followed Toshiba and Asus with textured, rubberized backs so you could hold onto these things well.  They are kind of slippery and uncomfortable to hold in your hands for a long period.  Stupid idea to have these things slick and with the curved back.  It is a base Froyo which is OK but many want to move to Honeycomb, which you can - BUT, you are still a bit limited until Google releases the source code so it can be properly implemented.  Honeycomb on the gTab is OK but still have some hurdles to getting everything working properly.  So, you should probably plan on staying with a Froyo or Gingerbread based rom until that source code comes out.So why did I buy the gTablet?1.  The hardware was at the top on the performance end and had all the essential features; USB (2), SD card, HDMI (with an adapter you buy separately), camera, nice capacitive touch screen in 16"9 format - although I wish it were 1280 instead of just 1024.2.  Pretty active development community which add life and features by modifying the software.3.  Price.  There are used ones available and even today you can get a new one for around 270.Overall excellent value from the gTablet.  5 stars on everything but the screen - 4 stars because the screen is so narrow in field of view.