Let me first start off by stating that I am not the biggest Apple fan when it comes to their OS. I have always been a tech geek and love all things tech; so with that said I usually like trying everything. I purchased this iPad 64 during it's first month of launch and here are my thoughts.Hardware: Like with all Apple products, their hardware is always top notch. The design is very seamless and everything just blends together well. If you own any of the iPod Touches then you will be right at home here, even down to the scratch prone back. In terms of weight, the iPad feels light initially but after a few minutes of web surfing or book reading you will soon realize that you're holding a 9.7 inch screen device. Not to say that its heavy, it just takes a little getting use to. I've read many reviews where people complained about the large screen bezel, but I rather like it because it gives you more real estate to hold the device comfortably without accidentally triggering the touch screen. Final verdict on hardware? It's worth every penny.Software: Here is where my love-hate relationship with Apple starts. I have never been a fan of their computing OS or their mobile iOS. If you own an iPod Touch (which I own 2), then the interface is identical. Although there are a few tablet optimization on the iPad (like the calendar and email), I don't think its enough to justify this purchase if you already own an iPod Touch. In term of usage; pretty much everything I do on my iPad I can also do on my iPod Touch. I think the software has potential and will grow as the developers create more tablet centric apps. Final verdict on software? If you have an iPod Touch, been there done that.Overall use: So what do I use my iPad for? My iPad actually get heavy usage, I work in an ER and I consult patients on a daily bases. I use my iPad to input and extract data during my consultations. Extremely useful and handy in that regards. I love the ability to have my iPad boot up instantaneously (as appose to my lap). Being able to talk to my patients and swipe and flick through my forms is almost effortless. I also use my iPad to create art work using SketchBookPro. There are times when I have to contribute to text book chapters and a figure or diagram is needed. I actually create and draw those figures on my iPad and import them to Photoshop for final touch ups. I think being able to do these 2 things makes the iPad purchase worth while. If you consider all the other casual things I use my iPad for (Netflix, websurfing, iHeart Radio), it is a great buy.Rating: 4.5/5 stars.