I ordered this particular model because I lost the one I received as a gift.  I don't want the person who gave it to me to find out about the loss.  Also, I cannot afford a new one from Apple.  I chose the vendor Sikksound because of the positive reviews.  I am conditionally pleased with my choice.  The iPad I received was in pristine condition, with an Apple box, charging cord and fast charge plug.  It also came with a textured protective backing.  I discovered that the iPad had been used in Italy because of the formatting and information I found in the settings.  After a series of very courteous and helpful e-mail conversations with Sikksound, I was able to resolve the formatting issues.However, I warn purchasers of used AT&T; iPads of an expensive and cumbersome complication.  AT&T; uses a SIM card to enable cellular data usage.  When sold by Apple, a new AT&T; iPad comes with a SIM card which allows for periodic data usage.  In other words, a cellular data plan may be purchased through the iPad for a month, and then cancelled.  When cellular data is needed again, one can simply by more data for that month, and so on.  Because of it's Italian heritage the iPad I received was equipped with a SIM card incompatible with AT&T; in the U.S.  In order for the iPad to use cellular data, a new AT&T; SIM card was required.  A local AT&T; store installed one without alerting me to the $36 fee, and without explaining that the monthly data plan must be ongoing, or the SIM card is deactivated.  A replacement SIM card from AT&T; is not renewable, like the one which comes in a new iPad from Apple.  The AT&T; store rep deactivated the SIM card within a few minutes after explaining that the data plan must be ongoing.  I only discovered the $36 charge when my bill arrived.  Luckily AT&T; removed it because I had not used any data.I rarely use cellular data because wi-if is so accessible.  However, for those who want to use occasionally use the cellular capability, you might want to do some more research.  I recommend spending time on the phone with, or visiting an Apple store, to find out your cellular data options.