I purchased my tablet on April 1 (2 months of ownership).  The Le Pan II tablet is a good-to-excellent entry into the Android tablet market.  The size of the tablet makes it convenient to use a number of different covers/cases built for the Ipad.  The Le Pan tab itself has a very quality feel to it and it makes an impression.  Recently, I updated the firmware (see Press Releases on the company website) and the results were as advertised.  The process was straightforward and the update eliminated problems with dropped Internet connections when on the move.  Additionally, the company now sells it power cube via Amazon for those users who, like myself, need 2-3 additional plug-ins.  However, this where the my cautions come into play.First, the promised upgrade to Android Ice Cream Sandwich (4.0) remains just a promise (not a deal-breaker as 3.2 runs nicely).  Second, the promise of a proprietary cable for HDMI output remains just a promise (as you use the tablet this option becomes more desired).  Lastly, and unfortunately, this weekend my tablet died.  It is dead - no response at all to charging cable or the on/off switch.  I just sent an email to the support address to request an RMA #.  Of course I am disappointed but we all know electronic products can fail. So for now I will hope that the company will stand behind its 1-year warranty in a prompt and timely manner.  Timely action is important to me as the tablet has become an important and trusted part of my day-to-day life (email, communications, etc.).  I will update the review as the repair process unravels.18-June-2012 Update:  Thanks to the user community I have my Le Pan back to work (just needed a reset).  Also was alerted to the fact that the Le Pan Shopping site now has a number of accessories for sale including the cable for HDMI.  Even though I did not receive a response from Le Pan Service (RMA request), I still ratethe Le Pan II tablet a 4+ as the company now offers all items that were advertised at the time the Le Pan II was made available for sale.  The performance of the tablet, along with its appearance, make it a very attractive purchase.