The first one I ordered lost the ability to connect to Wi-Fi after about a week.  Le Pan customer service was very responsive (within a few hours), but when their suggestions did not solve my problem, I decided to return it with the intent to purchase something different.  After a week or two, because of such stellar reviews, I decided to take a chance and purchased another Le Pan.  It has performed well enough for my expectations.  My impressions are as follows:It connected easily to my Wi-Fi network and two other locations, but based on the connectivity indicator on the tablet, the adapter seems to be weaker than what is found in my laptop or phone. However, this does not seem to affect performance.The OS is intuitive and familiar (I have an EVO 4G) and it is typical of what you would expect of an Android device.  The user manual is located in the pre-installed file explorer if needed.It feels solid in the hands and the chrome accents are attractive.  I read some complaints about the power button, but I have had no issues with it.The screen is a comfortable size (I think 7 inches is too small) and colors are vibrant.  Touch sensitivity is excellent, I have experienced no lags or lock-ups when using the screen.Web browsing is zippy, I am using Dolphin HD and even pages running Flash render pretty quickly.I have used Bluetooth to transfer music and files from my phone and computer to the tablet and all devices were paired easily and connectivity was fine.Speaker sound is not crystal clear when at a high volume, but it is not terrible.I downloaded Mobo Video Player and it works well. I was able to USB transfer movies I had on my computer with no problems (one of the main reasons I wanted a tablet) and they play well, as do YouTube, HBO GO, and Crackle.The screen and body becomes loaded with fingerprints after light use so a case and screen protector is needed.GPS does work, but I experienced some lag even on a clear day.  It always seemed to be a turn behind.I have had to perform a reset, but I am not sure if there was a cause or just a random occurrence.I have been using it for a little over a week and although I have had a couple of issues, they have not been significant enough to not recommend this tablet.  However, if you desire the latest software or are looking for something close to a laptop replacement, this is probably not the one.  I was looking for a device to perform simple tasks (music, movies, and web browsing) and offer me portability, and this has been a decent choice.  It is an especially great buy at the current price of less than $200.