Guess I'm not the only PC-loving fan that bought the iPad.  Like others, I've also never owned a single Apple product.Before the iPad came out, I was in the market for a portable laptop (not netbooks).  In fact, I bought a 14" Win7 laptop with a blu-ray drive & hdmi output.  It was a great laptop.  However, within a week...it was taking longer & longer to boot-up.  In addition, when I bought it...it was advertised at 4.5 hour battery life.  When I used it, even after fixing all the settings, I was only getting 3 hours at most.  To me, it was too much of a disappointment so I returned it.Later, someone told me that a macbook has 7+ hours, so I figured it was worth checking out.  However, when I got to the store...I ended up getting the iPad.  Why, you might ask?  Well...here's what I was looking for:1.) Long battery life2.) Portable & light-weight3.) Fast boot-up time4.) Can connect to the internet via wi-fi G+N5.) Can play music & moviesYes, the Macbook can do all that...but being so used to the PC interface, I didn't like the Mac interface.  The iPad was completely different all together & everything was very intuitive.  So far, the iPad hasn't disappointed me in any of those categories.  I love being able to turn it on & connect to the internet within a minute.  I love not having to charge it after watching 1 movie.  I love how light it is.  I love how fast it responds.  I love it's small footprint.  I love how highly-customizable it is.  There's a lot of things I love.However, there are a few things that I didn't love (though not enough to make me want to return it).1.) It does not play flash --> meaning it cannot play hulu, cwtv, or even the subtitles on youtube. I knew it didn't play flash, but I didn't realize how many sites actually used flash to play their video content.2.) the max size it comes with is 64 gb, with no way to expand using a microSD, etc.  This is barely enough if you have a lot of movies.3.) The external speakers sound terrible, though I'm thankful they even came with some.4.) Glare is terrible, especially when there is a light right behind you.  I know most monitor these days uses a glossy, vibrant display...but my old laptop didn't so I wasn't expecting so much glare.Overall, I'm happy with my purchase & would easily recommend it to others.  It's a great device for checking e-mails, facebook, news, blogs, etc. & for watching movies.  ITunes is fairly easy to use too, much better than Windows Media Player for syncing devices.Btw, the iPad does feel durable so I didn't feel the need to get a case & screen protector.  At most, maybe I will get a case so it's not so slippery to hold.Also, don't get the iPad dock.  Instead, get any normal book holder.  It does the job fine.