I bought the Acer A500 from Amazon two months ago and couldn't be more pleased with the purchase.  I was a happy Kindle owner before, but felt as many people have that it is yet one more single-purpose device that takes up space. On my work trips I'm often in the plane for 3+ hours and like to mix up reading with watching video, which the Kindle was not able to offer me.I was looking at the tablet options at the time and to say that there were slim pickings is an understatement.  What also was disconcerting is the trend of tablets to not offer external drives for additional memory.  With only 16GB and 32GB options I was not happy with any onboard memory limits of any tablet.  Books may not take up much memory, but video files do and I don't always have access to a wifi hotspot to stream content.  I also was unwilling to pay additional funds for a 3G or 4G monthly limited data plans on top of my cell phone and home internet monthly charges.I was holding out for the new Samsung Galaxy Tab until I discovered it wouldn't have any capacity for additional memory.  Therefore, I was left with the Motorola Xoom, Asus Transformer and the Acer A500.  The Xoom didn't have a functioning microSD card at the time I was looking (and was expensive) so it left the Asus and Acer.  The only reason I chose the Acer is that I liked the brushed metal back; otherwise, they appear to be very similar.It appeared to me that the biggest problem professional reviewer at sites like CNET had against the A500 is its bulk and weight.  Maybe I'm stronger than the average person using a tablet, but I routinely hold it one handed for extended periods of time and don't feel that it's burdensome.  Sure the Kindle's weight can't be beat by any tablet, but it also can't play video or easily surf the internet.Performance is smooth, fast, and responsive.  The web browser is great and I have no trouble accessing any sites.  I've downloaded Moboplayer and use Lumniread to access my content.  Oh and Google Music's cloud service is phenomenal.  I can go out to my back yard and stream all of my music easily from the tablet.  I picked up two 16GB microSD cards and have ample room for videos I carry around with me.  The only downside is accessing the microSD cards is not intuitive and you have to hunt and peck to find the right directory.Since then I have two friends that also have bought the same tablet and they love it.  Great price for a lot of value.