I must say that I've waited and waited for that one perfect tablet to come around that has everything I want and need.  That includes SD card support, USB slots, HDMI port, and most importantly, a replaceable battery.  The Toshiba Thrive has everything I ever wanted in a tablet so I pre-ordered and received it yesterday.To my dismay, I am returning it today to Amazon because I cannot get the device to detect my phone's wifi Hotspot.  My ipod touch, my laptop, and even my digital camera can all see and connect to my phone's wifi Hotspot.  But this tablet cannot even "see" it.  After trying tirelessly to detect my wifi, I finally came across an app, WifiManager, that can "see" my phone's hotspot.  When I tried to connect, it tells me that "ad-hoc" network are not supported on Android.  Are you serious?  All of my other devices can connect to this "ad-hoc" network and Android cannot????  WifiManager also links me to the Google Android Issues Forum:  Issue #82 - wifi- support ad hoc networking [...]It turns out that this issue was reported to Google back in 2008 but they never fixed it.  So if your internet connection is via an "ad-hoc" network (most likely any Mobile Phone WIFI Hotspot), this tablet will not work with it.  I bought this tablet strictly for mobile computing.  I was hoping to use my phone's wifi hotspot for internet connection with this device.  But since this device cannot detect or use the hotspot connection, it's basically unusable for me.  If anyone reading this know of a solution, please comment.  I did see some posting about a hack requiring rooting the device but I am not comfortable rooting or hacking it.I give this tablet 5 stars for having all the hardware I ever wanted in a tablet but 0 star for Google Android OS for ignoring the most basic requirement for mobile internet connectivity.  That averages out to 2.5 stars but I'll round it up to 3 stars.  If all other devices can use an ad-hoc network, why can't Honeycomb?  As much as I hate iShackle products, I have no choice but to get an iPad.  This is very upsetting.  Thanks for nothing Google!  I was so looking forward to owning this tablet and you really disappoint me.Got some great feedback from various people indicating that they can connect to their mobile phone's hotspot.  So, this likely only applies to phones that use the ad-hoc network.  I was using my Windows phone to create the hotspot and it uses ad-hoc network.  From the comments below, it sounds like you may be able to connect using an Android hotspot phone.  You should try your connection at the store before purchasing this product to make sure your phone works with this tablet.