Have had this for a couple of months now. Mine came with the C-60 processor. I found that there are tweaks that were very helpful for Windows 7 with touch. The most helpful of which was this search 'How to optimize your touch enabled windows 7 PC by Marauderz'.  Also the Thinix browser which you can also find online was the best. I tested IE 9, Firefox, Chrome, Safari,Opera and more... I have yet to try and install Windows 8 preview.I saw people reviewed complaining about the keyboard...LOL does the iPad come with a keyboard at all!! Can you load Microsoft Office on the iPad or an Android? Sure there are compatibility programs but whatever...So you don't have enough hard drive space for your programs??You can add more memory with the SD card. Not just extra storage but an extra drive.  You can mount the SD card as a virtual drive.  I did this with a 32 GB SD card, once this is done you can load applications on the SD card 'drive'.  Normally you can not install applications on an SD card in Windows, but by creating a virtual drive of the SD card you can....and you can ad a very large 64GB or 128 GB SD card and mount it...giving yourself drive capacity much greater than any iPad or Android Device. Just do a search for "How to Create a Virtual Hard Drive in Windows 7"I have the FULL Microsoft Office Suite and Photoshop and more loaded on to the SD card virtual drive.Whats more the iPad does not support Flash, so there are websites that the iPad can't even load.I think the screen is ok...the iPad 2 has a richer looking screen and is lighter. You can't connect any USB drives to the iPad it has no USB ports...there is no network/ethernet port on an iPad, you can't increase the storage beyond the 16, 32 or 64 GB....This device has more for your money...but shorter battery life and not as rich a looking screen.Depends on what your after... impress everyone with the fancy iPad 3 perhaps...You should see more tablets like this one come out after Windows 8 is released I'm sure. If your hungry to try Windows 8 now this machine can load it...plenty of information about that online and in other reviews.