I admit I thought of tablets as toys. For the last few years I have been downloading many free ebooks from Project Gutenberg.(I also recommend this as the simplest way to get free ebooks and just skip the app stores, some do not work well) I have been reading them on my little netbbook but after some time it gets a little uncomfortable to hold. For the money this Cruz cost I thought I would hive it a shot and could not be more pleased. Yes it might not play angry birds but after downloading and installing android 2.2 from the Cruz website (I highly recommend everyone do this when you first get. It will destroy all current data so copy everything to your sd card first) it will then play youtube videos and movies I have converted quite well. If you keep in the realm of what this tablet was intended to do you might be quite pleased with it. If you want a gaming machine look elsewhere and spend a lot more money.Buy the way there are so many free apps I don't think I will ever need to buy anything. I will never be able to read all the free books. The only app I was not impressed with was Amazon market and reader. Maybe just me but I think there are better readers and app stores out there.It did take a few hours to learn to navigate and when I got stuck I just goggled the answer. I resized a few thousand pictures and put them on the cruz as well my music and movies. All work quite well. I am also making a little wood stand so I can use it on a table and leave my hands free. Maybe I will post a picture if it turns out well.I have seen a lot of negatives comments about this unit and don't agree. Remember it is a low powered(600mgz cpu if the info I found is correct) but long battery life. It has an excellent screen and nothing about it feels cheap. Comes with a 4gb and 8gb sd cards. For me many more pluses than negatives.  Some of the problems with other apps exist because they where not written for the mips cpu, not because it is not capable.Finally I don't think they are toys, but many tablets are to overpriced and use proprietary software that are not for me. Linux is the core and android are my choices and free.