This is my second Android device. My first one, the Le Pan tablet, lasted less than a month. It was way too slow and couldn't multitask. Top that with constant crashing, I sent it back. Needless to say, I was skeptical about buying any tablet after that until I ran across this one. I try to base my computer buying on customer reviews, this tablet had the fewest so I took a gamble and bought it. I've only had it a few days but I love it enough to write this review, 5 star.It boots up quick enough and doesn't take long too mount the external micro SD card that I put in. About 1 minute total time from power up. The menu buttons and layout are great and easily readable.I can run far more than I ever could with the Le Pan, multitasked or not. Any games, other than the SNES AD emulator do run.Rooting the device was very easy, if your so inclined to do so. Even with the latest Acer Android update (doesn't break it). As far as Acer/Android updates, they are fairly up to date, and are only a couple sub versions below the current version of Android.Battery life could be better but is long enough. Given the horsepower behind the screen, this isn't surprising at all. Charging is quickish, considering the long battery life. The Le Pan tablet would take upwards of 4-5 hours to charge, this takes a couple.As far as weight and design, it's another 5 star. It's light given the power this tablet can unleash. The case is easily hand held and doesn't cramp my hands like a skinnier tablet does. More so it doesn't want to slip out of my hands, like the Le Pan tablet constantly did.The ability to use USB is a huge plus, I have no doubt this will be big in the future. Also it has an LED flashbulb, which can easily be doubled as a flash light using a widget or program. Helpful if your stumbling around late at night.My only con here, is that the reset button is recessed and requires a paperclip or pen to push. I don't see it being a problem unless the system becomes unstable for whatever reason.I will definitely update this review if I have any problems