In November of 2011 I bought the Amazon Fire mostly because I wanted to stream their Prime movies.  The screen for movies and tv shows was fantastic though the wifi connection would keep dropping in the middle of streaming. The more I used the Fire the more I realized that it wasn't able to give me what I wanted.  It did not have a large enough amount of device itself storage space,I could not turn the backlight down low enough to make it comfortable for me to read, I could not download the BN reading app to read my BN book library, and the screen really wasn't large enough to comfortably browse the internet or read magazines.  I started looking at the Ipad 2 and after what I saw from a co-worker's IPAD I gifted my Fire to my sister and bought my own Ipad.  I absolutely love it!  It has given me everything that I wanted - most specifically the fact that I can have the Amazon reading apps and BN reading app on the device and can read both bookstore's library on the same device.  I had purchased the 16 mb but two days later upgraded to the 64 mb.  The backlight can be turned down to being almost off, browsing is great, reading my emails is easier now. The wifi connection is solid up in my room where the Fire would keep dropping the connection. I am amazed at how much you can do with this device with the different apps.  It is always with me!  True it is heavier than the Fire - it's more like reading a hardback book, but the print is big and the backlight is softer on the eyes.  Also true is the fact that I now cannot watch the Amazon Prime movies and tv shows, but ITunes has a lot to offer even though you have to pay for it.  Small trade-off in my opinion since I am mostly a book person - not a movie person.  Now if Amazon were to make a bigger Fire and take care of some of the issues I mentioned above - the Fire could definitely give the IPAD a run especially having the Instant Prime Video behind them but for now I would recommend the IPAD 2 over the Kindle Fire.  p.s.  My sister really likes the Fire and is very satisfied with it.