My after-one-month review:I think this thing will end up being kinda big. It's not perfect (typing at length without a keyboard attached, for example... but at least you can bluetooth a keyboard to it) but there will be a large number of interesting apps and games (there are already a number of eyebrow-raising apps out there such as virtual touchscreen music controllers, board/card game simulators, and streaming media consumption apps). It is in fact not merely a "giant iPod Touch," although to be sure that's some of it. Huge pluses are the interface responsiveness at all times and the long battery life coupled with the size/weight. (Hate it or not, that's what you get when 1 company designs the chip, the OS and all the other hardware.) It does not have a really powerful CPU, though, but you won't notice unless you attempt a heavy data-processing task such as running HTML5 Javascript Canvas demos. 3D games work surprisingly well. When OS 4 comes out, the multitasking will make this even more killer. The games coming out are really cool, for what that's worth.Completely unexpected benefits: 1) For years I was looking for a way to attach a laptop to my treadmill. The iPad fits PERFECTLY on the treadmill shelf. 2) Long car rides with passengers? This could be the ultimate kid pacifier slash map/directions device (with the 3g version). 3) You do in fact start using it more than your laptop, especially for "couchsurfing" and "bedsurfing" (and, uh, "poopsurfing") 4) AirVideo + your movie collection (in any formats) + available anywhere on the internet = amazing.Basically, this fits the bill better for anything that is not serious working or serious gaming.I see a lot of reviews here dinging bad wifi or the lack of this or that feature (sd card reader, camera, etc. etc.) I have not had any wifi problems with my Linksys router. Also, you may want additional features in this device but they would 1) add cost and 2) reduce simplicity, battery life, etc. This is a device of compromises, and I think Apple picked them well even as I know future iPads will probably add more features. If you are looking for SD card readers or USB ports (camera kit notwithstanding) or better data processing then you are really missing a netbook or a full fledged laptop in your life. If there's one feature I wish it had, it would be a camera on the back side to make possible even more amazing "augmented-reality" applications.Lastly, one review talked about an attempted iPad trojan on his setup. I'm sorry, but perhaps it is time to place part of the blame on your attack-vector-infested operating system ::cough:: Windows ::cough:: before you criticize the iPad for trojan attempts. ;) As usual, the situation could probably be improved but Apple stuff still ends up working much better with other Apple stuff.