I've owned the A7 for about a month and got it to replace an iPod Touch used for two years.  Coming from a Windows background, it took awhile to fully learn how to use the Touch and I had to start over learning to use Android with the A7.  This learning curve mainly involves understanding how to move around different screens, how to store and retrieve files from microSD and USB Flash drives, and how to download (and then sideload) apps.  eLocity has provided several updates since introduction of the A7 and the latest seems to have cured most of the problems that plagued early adopters.  It only takes a few minutes to download the latest update onto a microSD card using a regular PC or Mac and then install it into the A7.  The Dexter update is also easy to get and install and supposedly allows you to download Android apps directly from the Google Marketplace.  So far, I've just used the eLocity update from early Feb and am quite happy with almost everything about the tablet.  Thousands of apps (mostly free) are available to directly download from the SlideME website.  There is a small app to initially download and then you can view and download whatever you want.  I found Angry Birds (a silly but highly addictive game) from another website (free, of course) and it runs beautifully, filling out the whole screen as if it was made just for the A7.  Pros of the A7 are: (1) fully functional web and email; (2) beautiful screen for games and movies (full DVD resolution on a 7 inch widescreen looks really sharp and crystal clear); (3) plays Flash and all forms of video, audio and photo files; (4) has removable storage using BOTH microSD cards and USB thumb drives; (5) very fast Tegra 2 processor runs games and plays movies smoothly.  You can use Handbrake on a PC to save movies at full DVD resolution as MP4 in about 500MB to 1 GB each and store to microSD or USB flash.  A $50 32GB microSD card can hold 40+ movies.  Cons of the A7: (1) No Google Market without installing the Dexter update (but lots of other websites to get apps); (2) "multitouch" sizing of screen frames could have finer steps (frame sizes increment by about 25% so it is sometimes difficult to get the perfect size for some websites) and; (3) battery life is about 4-5 hours (only a Con relative to 10+ hours for the iPad which has a much slower processor).  In summary, I highly recommend the A7 to anyone who will spend a little time getting to know how to use this highly functional tablet.