Ok, I bought this a couple days ago, so everything is pretty fresh in memory.  I did my due diligence, reading every review in this thread, otherwise I would have bought it outright.First thing to note, I did not buy it on Amazon, I bought it at Borders.  They have a great special going on, 169.99, so it's what made me make the leap.  A word of caution though, Borders has ZERO return policy.  They will exchange a defective unit in 30 days, or you can buy a 2 year replacement plan for $50 which covers accidental damage, at least that's what the person I talked to said.The return policy is another thing that made me squeamish from the get go and helped cause a delay for a few days.However, that's all the bad I have to say.As a reader it's the perfect size, not large like an iPad, pretty much the size of a large paperback.  Since it's android, it has the ability to run all kinds of apps.  Thus it's not just limited to a reader, with makes it extremely handy for multiple uses.  Though my pimary usage is going to be as a reader.My main concern from reading the reviews in this thread was being able to port my collection of ebooks on my computer onto this and to have them readable.  The key is the in apps.  Kindle, Barnes, Nook, and borders are most likely essential if you plan on buying a lot online.  I understood this going in, but already having a collection, made me concerned for getting things read from my personal collection which has a lot of epub and pdf.  I personally found Laputa and FBreader to be best for my personal taste, especially for epub files.I tried to find a good pdf reader, but I didn't have luck.  I heard about ICviewer, but haven't, as yet, had any luck locating it.  However, I downloaded a free app called Android File Manager, and it allowed me to find a file on my sd card, and then by clicking it, it allowed me to pick a file that would read it.  Lo and behold, the office suite that comes with the cruz reads pdf, and does it well.  There is a small amount of lag when loading a pdf page, but it's the best I've found so far.So overall, I give this little Cruz high rating.  I like what I have seen so far.  But again, as anything like this goes, it's all in the apps and finding the rights ones for you.