I got this Coby Kyros Android Tablet for $139.99 at Kmart during the Black Friday Deals that went on. Everything with this tablet works good, I especially love this Pad compared to Apple's iPad which has limited functionality and is priced at several of hundreds of dollars compared to the Android Pads because I only need something like the iPad for the internet, checking email, reading books, and playing movies but was surprised that it can do a whole lot more than just that!This Pad uses Android v2.1 OS, it has AppsLib which is a marketplace for apps to install specifically on Android Pads and not Android Phones. The reason why Android Marketplace is not on this Pad is because it does not have Phone capabilities, the Android Marketplace has apps that are for every feature for the Android OS. Other than that, the AppsLib is for Android devices that would not have phone capabilities, hence, Android Tablets. I assume they weeded through the apps that would work on Android Tablets and just created AppsLib. The HDMI output for the device works great! I bought a 16GB microSD card for this and works good. I played a couple of movies with HDMI out in DVD and 720p Quality to an LCD TV and it looked great, sound was great, and there was no delay, lag, or anything wrong with the video! The Pad seemed to play every video format I have thrown at it. I've also used the USB port on this Pad and it recognized my 4GB PNY, 8GB Kingston, & 16GB Patriot Xport flash for additional storage which is a big plus!The only issues I have had with this Android Pad though is that most games I have played on it so far, the G-Sensors (Accelerometer) are reversed on it. When I play a racing game such as Asphalt or Raging Thunder, you're suppose to twist the Pad to the right or left to turn right or left and it's reversed. This is a big disappointment for me and I hope a fix is released for this. Another problem also is every application I install on this Pad, only about 75% of them will work, and this goes for games and apps.Overall... the Pad satisfies what I basically need it to do so far and everything else is just a plus for me.