I recently bought this tablet, and my overall impression is that this is a great tablet and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a bargain in a multi-function device.There are two Cruz tablets being sold on Amazon (no, this does not include the reader). Seemingly, neither Amazon nor most reviewers are aware of this. One tablet costs $159, and this one that costs $144. The major difference between the two is that the $159 tablet has 2GB internal memory, and the $144 tablet has 1GB internal memory. If this an issue with you, please be aware of this difference. Since I had no prior experience with Android or any type of phone or tablet with a touch screen, I had an open mind (in spite of all the reviews I read). I bought this tablet primarily on the strength of the company that manufactures it; Velocity Micro.I have found this device to be fantastic. For now, the apps it comes with are everything I could want. It connected to my wireless home network with no trouble. I downloaded, and am in the process of reading a book, thanks to the included Kindle app. Since I already had an Amazon account, this was extremely painless and very convenient. I think learning this device, and all that it offers, will be a long-term effort on my part. It probably helps that I did not necessarily buy it with a very specific use in mind, although it is capable of many things. My next step is to see if it can read an Excel spreadsheet, which I am confident that it will be able to do.The only thing I can fault this tablet on is something that is not the tablet's fault. All of these tablets are upgraded to Android 2.2 when they are shipped. One step that was forgotten, which I happened to know about because of the reviews I read, was that upon upgrade the tablet should be reset if it won't power-off. Mine wouldn't power-off the first time I used it, so remembering what I read I took a paperclip, reset the tablet, and everything has work perfectly since.It does what it does well, it is relatively fast, and the apps are useful. How in the world can you complain for $144? If you want pretty, slick, and mindless then buy a tablet in the $600 range and above. Me? I'm happy because I only know that I got a good deal on a tablet that is doing all I need it to do. If I want more functionality later, I know I can always buy up. Thanks for this great little table Velocity Micro - you guys rule!