A purchased this on woot for about $75 refurbished, basically because it was cheap and I wanted to give an android tablet a try (I have an ipad I use daily).  So, my expectations were extremely low given the early adopter experience with iPad which was excellent, and the bargain base price.  The unit came already upgraded to Android 2.2 (those with 2.0 can upgrade at the Cruz website).The device is a comfortable size and weight.  It comes preloaded with a number of apps, including web browser, email, Kindle, a dictionary, OfficeSuite, etc.  After reading about the Android 2.0 version I was concerned it wouldn't have an easy easy way to download apps, but was surprised to find "Cruz Market".  Unfortunately, there are few apps available.  I haven't found an adobe reader, which would be something useful, but there is little else I would have expected which isn't present.  Also, haven't found Netflix app yet.Principal complaint to date is that it is evidently processor and/or memory challenged as some things happen quite slowly, although not unbearably so.  I notice it, for example, during page turns on the Kindle app or when rendering pages in the browser.  Still, it is fast enough for most purposes.  And secondly, the screen isn't as bright as that on the iPad (again, it costs a fraction).I actually think I like the keyboard better than the iPad's.  Build seems solid overall.Overall, while somewhat underpowered and not many apps are available, I think it is an excellent low-priced device for those interesting in getting something at low cost that will do the basics (e-reading, web surfing, youtube, email. and a few other basic tasks) without spending a fortune.Oh yeah -- network setup was easy.  This device seems to be finding its way to the coffee table in front of my TV, where having a computer around is always handy.  Although, the suggestion has been made that it be left in the bathroom as a reader, which may be its eventual disposition.I guess I'll keep it and use it for something.  Not an iPad but doesn't have an iPad pricetag either.  Excellent value IMO.