I bought my Toshiba Thrive because of the higher mega pixel front and rear cameras, the self replaceable battery and the standard sized slots for SD cards, USB and HDMI.  I didn't have to buy any expensive cables as you need for the ipad and others.I've had the Thrive for two months and have not had any problems.  I have not had the sleep issue that had been reported,While the Thrive is slightly thicker and heaver than most tablets, I don't find this to be a problem.  The wide band around the screen is actually a plus.  It allows for a better grip on the tablet as does the rubberized backThe tablet connects to Wi-Fi quickly.  No problems with traveling to a new location and selecting a new Wi-Fi.For a touch typing, touch screens are difficult. However the Thrive has voice recognition that works very well.  I now speak my email while the Thrive types it for me.  You must remember to have a slight pause between words.  Words that sound the same but spelled differently do confuse the tablet (to, too, two) and may need to be typed in.  Just like a smart phone, you need to check before you send.Tuning on maps brings up your current location.  I was pleased to find that voice recognition works with maps.  I was able to select maps; touch the microphone button and say "Tampa, Florida" and the map quickly appeared.  Then traveling to Central America I was pleased to find that it had the map of the small mountain town of Boquete, Panama.  It included locations of some important places.  My Garmin GPS did not have all the roads that were on the Thrive.  Why did I pay $150 for the inferior Garmin map?  It also has a digital compass that helps you navigate. I plan to try it out on other locations outside the USA and expect good results.Two problems:1. The cameras are on the middle left side when you hold the tablet in landscape mode.  This is right where you normally put your hand.  If the cameras were moved to the upper left it would make it perfect.2. I have a hard time getting the Thrive away from my wife.  I may have to buy a second one just for me.