First of all, this is an amazing tablet. Its basically a 12" i5 laptop with a fantastic touch screen. I use it mostly for systems administration so remotely connecting to servers and network equipment and it works great for that. I also use it with OnLive gaming service without any problems. 1080p plays without any lag or stutter.Pros:1. Not expensive compared to other tablets when you factor in the price of accessories that are built in and come with: camera, keyboard, carrying case, stylus and cool charger with USB outlet.2. Carrying case works really well as a stand.3. Full size Microsoft bluetooth keyboard. Very easy to sync and works great when you have enough space to use it.4. Built-in camera and mic. are perfect for Skype.5. Amazing screen. Easily viewable under sunlight. Glass is a fingerprint magnet, but cleans easily with included cloth. Haven't tried scratching it, but gorilla glass is supposed to be bulletproof.6. Also works great for reading books. Comes with Kindle for PC preinstalled and optimized for touch screens. Flipping pages is as easy as moving your finger right to left.7. When you need more precision than a finger, stylus really helps, but it is not always intuitive. For example, you can scroll by pressing and dragging with your finger, but same action doesn't work with stylus. You need to use the scrollbar.8. It is lighter than I expected, even with carrying case. Very comfortable to take just about everywhere.Cons:1. Power plug is really loose and disconnects from slightest motion. I would really feel cheated if a $1K tablet became unusable because Asus saved $.50 on a power plug.2. Power button is meant to only slide left to right, but if you press it from the top while sliding, it will get stuck and shut down your computer.3. USB/HDMI ports require super human strength to insert and remove devices.4. Stylus is difficult to remove. I always have to play with it for a few seconds before it pops out.5. Bluetooth keyboard doesn't work unless you're in Windows. That means if you're reinstalling windows or trying to get into BIOS, you'll need a USB keyboard hooked up. This problem is not specific to this tablet, but I've seen other BT controllers that allow keyboard to be used before Windows loads.6. Many everyday programs (like Firefox) are poorly designed for touch input. For example, tapping on address bar doesn't always bring up keyboard. Works perfectly in IE. Google earth for Windows also doesn't support multi-touch.