I've used many Android tablets from Asus and Samsung. Due to its design, I wanted to replace my current Samsung Tab 2 10.1" with the Toshiba Excite 16GB 10.1". The price has been declining since its release, which might be an indication of poor sales, due to higher price of Excite compared to other Android tablets that offer the same -or more- for less.I was well aware of the light bleed issue prior to ordering and hoped that the unit I'll receive will have bearable levels of light bleed. I was not that lucky! The one I have is terrible. Needless to say, any dark screen shows the numerous bleed spots along all edges of the screen clearly. In addition, there's one spot that's very strong and it even shows up during regular use without any dark background. I just can't stand it! Furthermore, compared to Samsung's screen, Excite has washed out colors and more limited viewing angles.Lastly, I'm having some performance issues, too. Both the Excite and the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 are running the same version of Android with the exact same set of apps, but the built in browser keeps crashing on Excite, and number of apps (e.g., Moxier Mail) that work perfectly fine on Galaxy Tab is having issues on Excite.In terms of design, this is an excellent tablet (hence the 2 stars); however, the most important component of a tablet (the screen) ruins the experience. I hope that Toshiba fixes the problem in a later release of this tablet.UPDATE: This has been the worst Android tablet I've used so far. The web browsing is very problematic, both with the built in browser, as well as with Google Chrome. Pages go blank for no reason while scrolling, typing a message in a box on forums make everything else around the text box disappear, etc. Once it stops, refreshing the page doesn't reload it; you have to quit the browser and start all over. Very annoying! More seriously, it randomly restarted itself 3 times so far. Whether it was a random restart or a restart initiated by me, once it fires up, none of the preferences in the apps are preserved. For instance, I can enter username/password to the Dropbox app, or setup an Exchange mail account with Moxier Mail, and they work fine. After a restart, Dropbox comes with the login screen again, and Moxier shows a setup screen, which means you lose the settings of apps after a restart. I'm giving these 2 apps as an example; the same happens with others. Needless to say, I'll be staying away from any future Toshiba tablets. I've had NONE of these problems with Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, or Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1.