I reeived this as a present this past Christmas (I had asked for it).  I had done the research and found the positive reviews helpful and decided this is what I wanted, and I am glad I did.  This little unit works as well as one could expect.  Most complaints I've heard or read come from trying to compare it to other tablets on the market (such as iPad, Xoom, or Galaxy Tab).  This is not in the same family as any of those.  This runs a full Windows 7 operation system.  If you are familiar with Windows, then you will be able to do everything you need to do on this.  But because it is a full OS, the apps and operation of the system will tax more resources.  If all you want is a small gaming tablet or web searching, then one of the others is probably a better choice, however, if you want the power of a full OS and functionality, this is the way to go. I have loaded all the normal programs on it, and then added all the programs that we use at work so I can log in remotely or on the network at work and use it productively as well.The battery life, which is one of the main concerns with a Windows tablet, seems to hold up reasonably well.  I seem to be getting between 5-6 hours of moderate use on a charge with no problems (moderate use meaning powered on and "playing with it" but not necessarily taxing it heavily).  The screen is awesome and very responsive to touch.  The keyboard dock is nice, and other comments have mentioned the lack of adjustment when docked together, which is not great, but not a deal killer either.  I do not like, however, that the usb ports are on the bottom of the tablet when in landscape.  It makes it difficult if you want something else plugged in to then stand it up with a case.  I have also found that the full size HDMI output is nice so you don't have to get an adapter or a special cable to change the sizes.All in all, I have been completely satisfied with this tablet.  If you are not a Windows power user, though, I would do a little research and find some of the tweaks that will make the OS work better for a tablet.  Several things can be adjusted to make for a better touch experience as well as extend battery life.  I would also suggest getting a capacitive stylus for it and using the handwriting recognition input that is built in.  Much better than pecking at an onscreen keyboard.  Also, for those who get one, in case you don't know, Word 2010 has built in software for tablets where you can use your finger or a stylus and write directly in word.  That and One Note are incredible for using at work and research.