Pros:  Internet works over wifi well.  E-mail works, set up imap accounts very easily.  Seamlessly connects to PC without issues.  I'm running XP, didn't have to install anything, it just showed up as two drives, one for the tablet and one for the SD card.  Touch screen is not overly bright, very easy to see.  Very light weight, easy to carry, battery easily lasts a day without constant use.  Much easier to browse web pages with a bigger screen than with a phone.  These are the reasons I bought this tablet, so I can't complain much.Cons:  No WPA Enterprise encryption support, cannot connect to university wifi.  Android 1.5, problematic, will not work with most .apk files I try to download.  No easy way to upgrade it to newer version of android, some custom roms exist, but don't work 100%.  If anyone has found one, please let me know.  No flash support, no youtube app.  New version of Skyfire won't install which gives flash support, have to use old version.Other thoughts:  None of the cons listed would have made me not buy this thing for about $40 less than what it was listed for on here (found one on Craigslist).  It is really good for what it is, basically a portable internet/media browser to use in your home (I assume this is why they call it a HOME tablet).  If you buy it for these things, it's great, not going to deduct anymore than 1 star for not being able to easily hack the thing to death, and install all sorts of custom stuff.EDIT:  I did find a custom ROM for this that works nicely.  Can be found at wiki dot archosfans dot com, title of wiki is "Archos 7HT Firmware Himself V0.27 SamJr YAR!".  0.28 Version is good, but need to install it exactly how it tells you using RKAndroid.  I can now install a fair amount of .apk files off websites, but not through the marketplace.  There is also a program called WiFiHelper, but it's kind of hard to find.  This allowed me to connect to a WPA2 Enterprise network.  Still, a lot of effort, but even as-is, it's not a bad tablet.