When comparing netbooks in the $300 price range, the main difference is the battery life. This one has a great battery life of up to 8 hours. Using it on an airplane with wireless disabled, screen dimmed to 25% while reading an ebook and listening to music (headphones) you can expect about 7hrs battery time. Watching videos etc will take it down to about 6hrs.On the downside, it is not the most slim netbook on the market. Lightweight - yes, slim - not really. The overall feel is okay, it could be easier to open the lid. The rugged outside is maybe great to avoid scratches and fingerprints but also looks kind of less elegant (which I don't care too much about though). I don't really like the touchpad, but it's not really bad either: The buttons are hard to locate with your fingers, the scroll-zone is a little bit too wide and you can't really feel the ends/borders of the pad.The screen is very good, the power cable/adapter not too bulky. The power button could have been designed a little bit better, but again - no big deal. Sound without headphones is as terrible as you expect it from a netbook, but I don't think the competitor models are better there.I did upgrade the netbook with 2GB DDR2 RAM, which is a great investment you should consider, especially in case you toss the Windows Starter edition. You don't lose your warranty if you do so. Replacing the hard drive: Don't do it, you lose your warranty and there is no easy way to access the drive (at least I didn't see any).A word about installing Windows Home/Professional/Ultimate:There was no Driver CD/DVD with the netbook. You need to download the drivers from Samsung's homepage (on that note one important hint: There are 2 W-Lan Driver in the NB30 driver collection, try the Atheros Wireless Driver, but there might be different hardware in different copies of this netbook).Installation with USB-Stick: Google for it. You should upgrade to 2GB RAM. And you need to know what you're doing: Once deleted I'm not sure if one would be able to restore the Windows Starter edition (which sucks but you can work with it with a handful of limitations).