Since I've started searching for an Android tablet at about the time the XOOM came out. I have asked myself one question. If the iPad is the industry standard with a 9.7 inch screen, 4:3 ratio(Full Screen), why in the world would the vast majority of Android tablets introduced as 10 inchers be in a 16:9 widescreen ratio? Why is this important? Because although nice to view in landscape mode, they are awkward to view in portrait mode (at best). Whereas, a screen with the same size as the iPad (9.7 inch, 4:3 ratio), is pleasant to view in both angles. This is where the Le Pan tc970 comes in. It is the perfect screen size to surf the web and read eBooks in. Here are a few pro's and cons:Pros: Screen Size, Quality, and RatioAndroid 2.2Fits with most Ipad 1st Generation CasesTry this Case: Targus Truss Case/Stand for Apple iPad 16GB, 32GB, 64GB WiFi + 3G, iPad 2 THZ06103US (Black/Blue)Le Pan has solid SupportCons: No upgrade to ICS 4.0Android 2.2Screen Resolution - (Everything looks big(Sort of like staring at your Android Phone, But Magnified)No access to Android ADB USB Drivers to access via ADB, and try rooting.No widely available root method.Android 2.2 is a very stable OS, and you can tell they really optimized it for this hardware. The screen is very snappy and responsive unlike any other Android tablet out there that I have tried out. Honeycomb stinks in my opinion anyhow. Google actually admitted that it was rushed out as a stop gap to ICS 4.0 anyhow. So, I'll take 2.2/2.3 over Honeycomb on a tablet. The argument many make is 2.2 was not designed for tablets. It's alot snappier and smooth than 3.X Honeycomb though.So, I am not too sure why most Android tablet vendors put out the wide screen tablets, but they should probably try taking a cue from the iPad and offer the 4:3 9.7 inch screen. So far, most obscure Chinese tablets you see on ebay with this size are trash. This Le Pan is a rare good one. Another good one that seems to be on the way is made my arnova, that is yet to be released called the Arnova 9 G2.But, I highly reccomend it. Especially at the current price of $200. If the Android community were to jump on this device and root it, the possibilities would be endless.