I purchased this device in December and have read plenty. This device is not a top of the line device but it gets the job done doing what it's supposed to do. I have installed plenty of apps on this device and they work perfectly fine. As I said in the title of my review this is an eReader not a tablet. For the user trying to play music, watch extensive videos, and play Angry Birds its not going to work.This device works well at reading books once you install the Kindle Application for Andriod on it. Stay away from the Nook app as it is an extreme resource hog and will slow this device down. Download Calibre and convert any PDFs you may own to .mobi files and move them in to the Kindle folder and voila you are reading your PDFs on this device.As for the complaints about this device reading PDF files. It's true the PDF reader that is installed on this device is garbage and slow. However, don't go downloading the Adobe Reader for Android either. While faster then the reader installed on the device the app has no advanced reading features such as bookmarking, highlighting, and search.I read two things on this device, Comic Books using Adroid Comic Viewer, and Computer Books via the Kindle app and this device works great. I occasionally surf the net on the device. Another issue the disconnection of the Wi-Fi. This happens occasionally and can be remedied by turning the wireless off and then back on. Also, the device disconnects if you put the screen on standby by tapping the power button.The resistive touch screen takes a little getting used to but works once calibrated properly. I don't use a stylus. A stylus isn't needed as mentioned in other reviews.The two cons I really have about the device are the battery when Wi-Fi is on drains quickly. And the boot up time on the device. I've never timed it but I'd have to say this device takes between one and a half to two minutes to boot up.Also for the person who said you can't read in sunlight. They're absolutely right, then again you can't read the iPad in sunlight either.