I bought this (pretty much) on a whim before moving to Japan.At first, I wasn't expecting much for the price. In fact, I was only expecting it to work for a Japanese-English dictionary and maybe movies and some music.Boy was I wrong!!! I love my Coby Kyros sooo much and it works for so much more than just a dictionary!  I have had it for around 4 months now and I still can't believe how amazing it is! I use it every single day and really think this is one of the best deals I have ever gotten!!Here are some reasons I love my Kyros:*You can have moving desktop backgrounds*All the apps go on your desktop and are easy to organize*The system preferences are basic and os is very easy to use*The screen moves when you move the Kyros :D It's so cool*very sturdy, and comfortable to hold. The keyboard for typing is the perfect size (for me)...you can download different keyboards  though.*There are so many great apps...I often use my Kyros for:-searching the web, email, Facebook, youtube-watching anime (there is a program called droidanime + if you download flash you can watch all the anime online too!)-Japanese-English dictionaries-Chinese-English dictionaries-Japanese language learning programs (recently downloaded and purchased an app called ja sensei and its amazing...with the touch screen I can write the kanji [chinese characters] and the program tells me how my strokes are, how to improve, accuracy, and stuff...very impressive! :D)-games...so many games haha...obviously i love crazy birds and there is one called jewels i like a lot!-flashcards...notepads...sticky notes...music...books...Right now I have a moving night sky wallpaper and its sooo pretty...i just love to stare at it :) I love that before bed I can quickly check email, play a game, browse the web, or watch anime...and its so cozy. I just adore my coby kyros so much.I have a macbook air and my previous computer was a $2000 HP...so it's not like I am not used to good computers and that is why the Kyros seems so amazing to me. The Kyros is amazing to me because it is simply amazing!!!I definitely plan on continuing to purchase Coby Kyros in the future! It has been a long time since I have felt so attached to something. Sometimes I even sleep next to my Kyros. :)I highly recommend this amazing tablet! It has made my life happier and even though I paid full price for it, I feel I got one of the best deals ever! :D