I got this one in Nov 2012. After playing with it for 2 months, i can say it's great, yes and for the price, this is much better than other brands.The goodpoints are: price, screen resolution,tegra 3.0 , speed, smoothness, design and almost perfect tablet atthis time if itdidn't have the following bad pointBad points: they said 32gb but what you got is abt 27gb. I don'thave many programs on it so it is acceptable, alo i know it depends on many factors that you will not have full 32gb. The thing bother me the most is unstable brightness. I dont remember when it happened, before or after  i updated it to J.B 4.2 but imagine how annoying it is when you are using using your tablet and the brightness keeps going brighter then darker even it's not on auto-brightness mode.That's why i can not give 5 stars for this deviceUPdate on 01/18/2013After just 3 months, my NExus 7 gave me a big headache. I was watching a movie from google play movie, then the movie stopped, I thought i may lost the wifi connection but wifi still maxxxxx, at that point I just want to switch to do something else in stead of watching movie, but the table didn't respond, everything was frozen for a minute, then back to normal saying 'Google Play isn't responding". That's weird. To make sure it's not the wifi connection, I tried youtube, after few second running "Youtube isn't responding" and freeze again. So I press the power button to put it to sleep ( not turn off yet) and ...the tablet DIDN"T COME BACK ON. My battery was still 72% before it's off.I tried to power it on, nothing, just black screen. I try Power button + volume up for a while, nothing happened.I went online with my laptop, searching for help from Google, they don't even have live chat or email. So I gave up with google support and decided to leave it for a while.after 2 hours dead, I powered it on again, and success at the 3rd times. BUT...THERE'S a BIG BUT here. Every app i used would end up frozen with report " isn't responding". So my final decision was to perform factory reset.Now it's running good. Nothing weird yet. But somehow I don't feel confident with nexus 7 anymore.Update 01/29/2013 : NOT RESPONDING AGAINSo I got the frozen tablet again when trying to watch HD video, then app is not responding again. Now not only HD but even trying to watch normal quality video online is painful. Streaming for few seconds, stop, then again, then stop.I did some researched and I am not the only one who gets this problem with Google Nexus 7. I am thinking of upgrading to an Ipad instead. Tired of it.