I have had my Le Pan II for a few months and love it.  I was trying to decide if a Kindle Fire or a Nook would be better for me then I cam across Ernest's review.  I decided to try it out and have been very happy with it.  I have the Kindle and Nook apps downloaded into my Le Pan so this has reinforced my decision to go with the Le Pan II.  I also love that there is an app (free I might add) that is compatible with Microsoft Office (word, pp, excel, etc) which makes it very convenient for me to do school papers when I am not at home.There are so many apps to choose from.  The android technology is very easy to get accustomed to.  I had a set back when trying to download my music, but as long as you use Google Music to sync (can be used with iTunes) and then make sure to mark the music as being accessible offline...all is good.I love that it will accept up to a 32GB memory card which expands the memory capabilities tremendously.  I think the only two things I would add is a camera on the back (in addition to the one on the front) and a USB slot that will accept thumb drives.  I know there is the microSD card slot, but having a thumb drive would make backing up work a little easier when in a rush.I have played Netflix and it is awesomely clear and no lag time.  As long as there is internet available (wifi) the connection and response time are great.  Would also love to see an internet slot meant for mobile internet as well as see Le Pan offer a great monthly internet on the go subscription.  You know, maybe something that is like a wireless air card that could be inserted for anywhere access to internet...maybe the new Le Pan (future) tablets should have two thumb drives...one for memory back up and one for internet access ($10 a month would be awesome...hint, hint).  I would much rather prefer to take and use my Le Pan on the go rather than my laptop computer.I know there will be many tweeks and updates as customers list their likes and don't likes.  I am 100% satisfied with my tablet and don't even think of an iPad or any other tablet now.  This was exactly (and more) what I wanted and will be staying with Le Pan from now on.Thank you for making such a great product and an affordable price.  :D