I've now owned the Archos 43 for half a year(ordered in November, got it in January because of the early supply issues) and for the most part it's a beautiful device that runs well. Occasionally, there will be times when you want to throw it against the wall and run into the expectant arms of an iPod Touch.As you first unbox the 43 it comes with it's own sad little app store called appLib. The first thing you need to do is go to the Archos Fans forum and put gapps4Archos on there, so that you get the Android Mail, Calendar, Voice, Latitude, and all the other necessary goodies (like the Android AppStore). After that, pretty much everything is hunky-dory.Except, the resistive touch screen is something that everyone of today has forgotten about (even though before the iPhone ALL touch screens were resistive), and the one thing that becomes immediately apparent is that the only way to use the screen is by tapping on it with a fingernail. Second gripe, the Android keyboard is a worthless piece of trash, in all occasions, this is across all Android devices whether it's capacitive phones, or resistive tablets, you can walk into an Apple store and touch type the iPhone/iPod Touch keyboard and 99% of the time you will get exactly what you expect (despite it being a smaller screen!), if you do the same thing on an Android keyboard you will end up with an undecipherable mess. Third, every other update seems to take a step back and then you have to wait months for the Archos developers to write a patch for all the issues that they've just introduced. Fourth, there will be times that you push the power button to wake the 43 up, and it will simply hang on you; the only way to get out of this is to hold the power button for 15 seconds, then push it again and wait several minutes while it boots up, then wait at the lock screen as it rediscovers all the media, then slowly plod through the menus until you get to the included task manager and kill all processes, after that the 43 will be usable again.Despite all that, I love this thing. I defy you to find another Android tablet that fits into a pocket (i.e. ~4" or less). There, that's why I love this thing. I wanted all the power and apps that comes with an Android phone but without the phone part. All the other manufacturers have latched onto iPad chasing and are coming out with 7" or 10" tablets or 4" phones, and there is no other company producing a 4" tablet.So, it may not be perfect, but I will love this thing until the day that... someone comes out with another 4" Android tablet with a capacitive screen.