I am writing this review so that those who are uncertain of which tablet to buy and are having a hard time trusting what they cannot see in a store might find direction.  My father owns an Ipad through his work, which I have been able to tinker with every now and then, so my experience with the industry's juggernaut is finite but certain.  After playing with the Ipad and owning the Asus EP121, I can say without hesitation that the tablet which I am writing this review on now is superior by leaps and bounds.There seems to be some disagreement on whether the Ipad should be compared to the EP121 and while I can see both arguments, I would side with the one in favor of comparing the two.  Just because one is very different from another does not mean there is no comparison.  The fact is, they are both tablets and they are both expected to perform competently as a mobile substitute for a laptop.The largest and most obvious difference between the EP121 and the Ipad is that the Ipad derives its productivity from the iTunes app store and the EP121 gets its productivity from the programs we use to produce.  Web designers might enjoy being able to construct a website from the bus stop, an architect would appreciate being able to sketch a design from the couch and a journalist might like the ability to take real notes with the Wacom pen.When I read reviews of the Ipad, I often find people with very specific examples of how they made it useful.  Things like, "I use it to study for tests on the way to college."  If that is all you are really looking for, I understand, but in my opinion, those reasons are too trivial for such an expensive device.Folks, the bottom line is, this is the only kind of tablet out there that lets you get some actual work done.  Of course, the EP121 is also fully capable of entertaining you with real games like Civilization V, provided you plug in a CD drive, or full, yes `full' web browsing, that means online games, Netflix, etc.I am not dwelling too heavily on the negatives because if you're reading this review, you have probably already heard about the disappointing battery life, weight and size.  All I would like to add is that the three and a half hours of battery I get suits me fine and I can certainly manage to manipulate 2.6 pounds.It has been two months since I bought this tablet and so far I have not needed my laptop or even felt like I was missing something, but rather that I gained a device that I can prop up on my desk and use like a computer or carry around like a tablet.  Case in point, you have to plug the Ipad into the EP121 just to make the Ipad work.