bought a 16gb ipad2 with 3G service from at&t; which comes with a sim card slot.  you go to settings and input credit card info and sign up for a plan, it's that easy and convenient.  the plan you choose will auto-renew every month unless you cancel.  so it's pay-as-you-go as i was told/hoping.  your gb don't carry over so use it all before the month ends.  that shouldn't be a problem cause their 2gb for $25 plan(that's their maximum option) goes by fast(verizon has more plans with more gb options).but checking how much is left in your plan is a cinch too: settings, view account in cellular data.  it keeps track by mb, and believe me you should check now and then.  before i turn my ipad 2 off i turn the cellular data off.  i turn both on again and check my plan and i seem to lose a lot of mb for just checking my plans' status.  i quess it costs alot to check, because it's not like a cell carrier to rip off the consumer right?  so i'll just shut my trap and not question the cellular overlords.as for the ipad 2:+  i really like the novelty of taking pics/vids using a 10" screen.  if you miss a shot with a 10" screen, you know it's your fault.  wish it had more photo-booth options/customizations though.+  youtube and internet browsing is great, nay, apple-tastic on this thing.  smooth, fast, reliable, looks great.+  i have a windows laptop for work-related stuff so i mainly use this when i want to relax and browse or play with apps.  great for that type of stuff.+  not as heavy or slippery as ipad 1.  when you accidentally let it slip onto your face holding it up while lying down it kinda hurts(only happened twice).-  not a fan of syncing and downloading itunes(amazon fan myself...free plug, you're welcome).  but i think the ipad 2 is a great device and i can put up with it(if it was buggy and crappy no one would put up with it)-  kinda pricey and you got to buy extra stuff to put pics on it or hook it to your tv.-  did i mention syncing and itunes?glad i bought one and would recommend one, especially to new-comers to tablets.  because despite the "who needs instruction manuals?" attitude, it's probably the easiest electronic-related item you can figure out that costs hundreds of dollars.  btw, something every reviewer has failed to mention...it comes with 2 apple decals(!), which is about the same size as the instruction 'pamphlet'.  if those android tablets have decals, i'm there.