I use the Asus Ess Slate EP121 tablet PC in my medical practice.  It replaced a reliable 4 year-old Fujitsu Stylistic.  Comparing the Asus to the old Fujitsu: - the Asus is ~1 lb. lighter and slightly thinner, very important when carrying the tablet much of the day - it doesn't get warm like the Fujitsu, also very important when you are carrying it and resting it against your forearm while writing on the screen - it has a significantly brighter screen with higher resolution - it boots up incredibly faster - the battery life is about the same, roughly 3 hours.  Unfortunately, it doesn't allow the battery to be changed, like the Fujitsu - it is much easier to use; the old Fujitsu had several buttons and manual switching from portrait to landscape displayThe Windows 7 user interface is not optimized for touchscreen use, which sometimes makes it difficult to activate onscreen buttons, etc.  Also, the two-finger touch control (e.g., zooming, rotating, etc) works well most of the time, but not as smoothly as iPads.  Handwriting recognition with Windows 7 has improved compared with Windows Vista, but still benefits from training.  The most frequent and frustrating problem noted so far when handwriting is that palm rejection on the screen is not as effective as I would like.  If the next release of Windows is optimized for tablet/touchscreen computers it will be an enormous improvement.The computer boots up unbelievably quickly.  The computer runs very fast with Windows Office, internet, videos, etc. For most clinical work, a 12" screen size is essential; I would advise against anthing smaller.  I like the locations of input/output ports and the few switches.  The pop-out writing pen is convenient, but I liked the tether my old Fujitsu had which kept the pen from getting misplaced.  Audio is quite good, both from the speakers and with headsets.The fact that the Asus comes with a nice leather case is a plus, because I travel a great deal.  It can also be used to prop the tablet into three different positions for viewing.  The Bluetooth keyboard provided with the Asus is compact and slim enough to slip into my briefcase. Adding a mini Bluetooth mouse allows me to replace my laptop, especially when traveling.  The power cord has a USB port to charge USB devices - a nice feature.  The power cord is plenty long, a plus when you aren't close to an outletI highly recommend the Asus to anyone looking for a tablet computer with a Windows operating system for business use.