If you're deciding whether or not to buy an iPad 1 or iPad 2, you may want to read this first.  I've had an iPad 1 for 9 months.  Before I bought it, I doubted how much I would use it.  It had no hard drive, USB connectors, DVD player, camera, full keypad, ability to load major business software apps, ability to play flash-developed graphics, and it did not have much storage and memory space.  I wondered how it could be useful to me, since I had many Apple products - Mac Pro, Macbook Pro, iPhone, Mobile Me, Airport, Time Capsule, etc.To my delight the iPad provided 100x my wildest expectations.  Once you start using it for searching the Web and researching just about everything you do, you realize how much more you can get out of the Web and Internet every day.  You begin making tons of use of the Web and it makes you become way more productive in life (home, autos, service providers, education, children, parenting, illness, job, professionally, etc., etc., etc.).  It ends up becoming an extension of your hand, mind, and life.  It doesn't take you over, it merely helps you with everything you do.Email is also a different experience using an iPad.  You find yourself no longer reading email on your phone or computer.  You end up having your iPad with you, no matter where you are.  Email is extremely easy to read and is organized in way never thought possible.  I bring it in stores, theaters, healthcare providers, hair salon, work, lunch, and e v e r y w h e r e !!  it's way too easy to use and to make you much more productive.All this, and I haven't even gotten to the thousands of extremely useful and productive apps, movies, podcasts, music, etc., available (via iTunes).  You can have every type of app, from sophisticated business intelligence dashboard software to first class presentation software, to science, astronomy, and tons of world-class games.  All in addition to the new extension to your brain and hand (mentioned above).  So, don't get hung up about USBs, DVDs, and hard disks.  You can get a VGA cable, external camera connection cable, and a myriad of cases and multi-use devices.  You will not even want your regular computer after a month.  iPad 2 brings us to a new level, with two cameras, 2x the speed, thinner/lighter, and great new OS features.  If you try an iPad for 30 days, you will never want tp be without it.  I do not sell iPads and I have NO affiliations with Apple or their resellers.  Load the Auryn Ink app and use a Nomad brush.  You'll swear you were really painting on a canvas.Transformed from iPad slayer to iPad bigot.