Tablets and phones are emotional subjects with everyone having their personal preferences and favorites.In my view, a tablet is not yet a "must have" item given that you have a laptop for mobile work and a smartphone (I'm still using my trusted blackberry - though I know that is not the common trend today) for communications.  It's a "nice to have".  Again, everyone will have a different opinion on this.This is my first tablet.  My primary usage scenario is to have this device in my room (hotel or home) for quick checks of e-mail, news, etc. in a format that is more convenient in terms of screen real-estate than my phone.  Plus, good for taking to meetings and out-of-office activities where I am carrying a bag anyway (phone is all I take when it's just what i can carry in my pockets) and a full laptop is overkill and/or not appropriate for the style of meeting/event.I have this set up as an (expensive) digital alarm clock when I'm not using it, and I can quickly grab it when I need to.  Used it on a flight to see a movie, do some light reading on it, and mostly use it for short e-mail/browsing sessions.  Also convenient to have it for maps.I'm a Google user so it was natural to use Android with its strong connectivity to my Google account and settings.  I use iTunes for music, but this is not primarily an entertainment device for me (I have a nano iPad for my portable music for workouts) so that was not a factor.I think the price/feature trade-offs on this device are excellent. Not paying iPad premiums, but getting all the functionality I need.  Have yet to find something I want to do that doesn't have a free Google Play application/widget ready.  Wifi is great (I have a myfi for mobility if I need it) and so far, this is definitely fitting the bill for me.I'm not "religious" about this - I'm sure there are many good alternatives including some with features I would benefit from.  But so far, this is exactly what I thought it would be - even finding myself using a bit more than I thought I would... we'll see if that lasts once the "new toy" energy wears off....In terms of this specific device, my only negatives are:* I find the buttons (volume and power) to be not ideal to press, especially now that I have the device sitting inside a protective case that I bought.  The buttons are accessible, but I have to "work" to press them.* Would be good to have a camera on the back so I could use it to take pictures and not just for video-conferencing.Other than that, no issues so far... very happy with it.