I bought my 32 gb thrive at best buy 3 days ago and I'm getting more and more annoyed with it. I wanted to have a better alternative to my I pad which my kids use to play games so I can't get on the thing when I need it!firstly I am impressed with the ports and options, and I like the fact that with android, I can just drag and drop videos and music and not have to worry about connecting the device to another PC and having iTunes wipe the thing clean. I also like the pre installed quick office and other useful apps which I don't have to buy.Now, the reason it is annoying me is that I'm having a horrible experience with web browsing. The individual letters respond slowly when pressed so the typing is not smooth. It is also slow when pressing backspace and makes typing a tedious task. In addition to this the browser doesn't work on a lot of pages. For some reason when I'm in my webmail or certain sites, it wont let me scroll down so I can only see half a page. Also, sites using JavaScript slideshows or similar coded functionality do not work and they freeze the browser which quits to the home desktop. Scrolling down a page by hand when it works is awful and nowhere near as smooth as the I pad. I think android has long way to go.Battery life I hear Up to 9 hours but I am getting 6 with only web browsing.I do like the movie functions and a lot of people in forums were moaning about no divx support however I downloaded qqplayer and its playing everything although one 720p documentary I added skips badly when played which shocked me as the device has decent processor and ram.What is worst though is trying to place the cursor anywhere in your text. I wanna throw the damn thing out the window.. I touch where I want to edit text and it goes miles away...then the green arrow to move the cursor is nowhere near where the actual cursor shows. Its so frustrating....I'm using the tablet now and I've been typing this for 20 mins...Overall I'm not very happy in terms of typing and browsing but for movies and music its fine. I hope these things get ironed out or this is getting handed down to my fiance and Im getting an I pad 2 until these android tabs catch up.OK look below and you will see more of what I was typing and the cursor jumped around so I had to retype that  section.... I have tried for 10 minutes to place the cursor down to the bottom of the review typing box to delete the sentence but i can't do it!!!!!!! to reviewWhat is worst though is trying to move the cursor when typing....its pretty impossible I want to throw the damn thing out the window.....go ahead and ts