I'm a tech freak, and a tech noob. I love my Ipad and yet, I'm still not totally sure what it is. Is it a laptop? Is it a pc? Is it a phone without being a phone?I still don't really know, but I do love it. It's not too heavy, it has decent graphics, it has a great charge time. I can only speak to what I use it for and that's gaming, movies, reading and writing:First, writing. I have written several books on my laptop, which always got super-hot because that's how they are. The iPad NEVER gets hot, so great! I do hate virtual keyboards though, so I got a Rockfish case/keyboard to go with my Ipad and if you write, check out my review on it. Having that case/keyboard has really brought my iPad use full-circle. I love it.As for movies, my review on that part is mixed. My favorite app ever would be Netflix. I pay about 10 a month for their dvd / online membership. When I try to watch Netflix movies on my Ipad, sometimes I get stalled movies a little, sometimes a lot, but I do get stalled every single movie I watch.I also love to watch ABC, which is a free app. I LOVE IT. I can watch my Cougar Town and even my soap if it were worth watching ;0)Also, I play games. So does my son. There are THOUSANDS of free games (apps) and I love them on the Ipad. I have poor eyesight and it's so much easier to see them on the Ipad than on Ipod etc. We love Skeeball and Angry Birds, and lots of others. The fact that there are sooo many free apps makes it worth the Ipad price alone, I think.Lastly, reading. I have mixed feelings on this. I love reading without a book, something I never ever thought I'd say. I love the feel of a book! But now, a book feels archaic. Old. Out of style. I love reading on my Ipad. The only thing I do not love, is that other readers like Nook etc have that INK setting where it looks just like a real book. The backlight on the Ipad sometimes gets hard on the eyes, so it's really a love/hate thing for me.I hope this review helps some folks decide if they want to get an Ipad or the 2.  If the price came down a lot and they had the INK I would give 5 stars, but I'd never give up my Ipad either.