This is a computer, not an appliance. I have an iPad. That is an appliance. There is nothing wrong with appliances, if that is what you want. I wanted one and I bought an iPad. That said, I have always wanted a proper tablet computer, not a flip screen convertible, apple doesn't have one and this comes pretty close. You should (should you)get one, but I want to make sure you know what I don't like about mine.The charger: The tip is non-standard and easy to break. Mine broke off on day one. My cat got caught in the brand new charger wires and nearly pull the brand new computer off the table. The tip snapped off. That is "good" I guess. Asus doesn't have a replacement (yet) and good luck finding a replacement tip The inners of the OEM is a spring-loaded basket which grips the skinny pin in the table's dc socket. You can get a smaller tip that fits in the hole, but you are not going to be happy getting it to work. There may be sparks.The USB ports: These are snugg and the small plastic port covers are a pain to get on and off. The ports in mine don't power off when the computer goes to sleep so it can drain the computer. Also, mine has boot issues at times if I leave a drive connected to the USB. Low profile thumb drives, like ones for micro sd cards, are really hard to get back out as it can get caught against the metal frame.The hard disk: This mini-sata drive is simply too new and small. 64GB is fine for an appliance intended to hold pictures and songs, for a proper computer, I think it is too small. iTune is a real space hog so I added a 64GB SD card, but a proper windows 7 machines "need" a good 250-500GBs (IMHO). I am managing, I appreciate the concern, but not really keen on the small drive. Like, a few more installs and updates...this baby is doing to be full.The leather case: It is nice. It has a pen holder. You need this holder in the cover because the pen slot cover can't be easily opened with the leather cover on. Also, it has a couple of flip out things that allows you to prop up the tablet, but not one pocket for a sd card? Shouldn't it be with/in the cover in case you might ever want to use/carry more than one sd card?I love this computer but it does piss me off sometimes. That is normal. I think of it as what my iPad would want to be if it ever grows up.