I purchased mine used, using Amazon for the payment system, just in case :) Arrived quickly, and after looking at it closely, I truly couldn't tell it was refurbished. Everything works and I tested it very, very closely for defects.Only Issue so far is GPS is very, very slow to lock on, but when it does it works perfectly. It upgraded from 3.0 to android 3.2 and since I already had a ICS 4.0 Tablet (wifi only) I am able to compare the 2 side by side and there isn't much of a difference. Android 3.2 works very well on this tablet.Once again, this is an ATT tablet so if you are cool with ATT then fine, if not then look else where. I wouldn't roll the dice to see if I could unlock this one, even though some have been successful. I am very, very tech savy so other than slow GPS I haven't had any quality control issues.As far as weight, seems right in the pack with them all, maybe slightly heavier but honestly, once you throw on a case or silicone jacket they all weigh about the same, so that is a non issue for me. This has plenty of ports for connectivity, you can plug in wireless keyboards and mice to the full sized usb port, also takes micro usb. It charges to 100% from 30% in about 90 minutes.Battery usually lasts me all day with normal usage. I can leave for work fully charged at 7:00 am when I get home at 6:00 pm it is usually around %50 with wifi on all day, checking emails, listening to music, surfing the web, occasional flash video here and there. I'm sure it would burn faster with continued video play or some high performance games, so your usage may vary.Overall I give it a 8/10, the initially slow GPS annoys me sometimes, but the pros far outweigh the cons and I am not locked to itunes and flash opens up the web to content far greater than the ipad. I only rank the IPad 8/10 because of frustrating iTunes,no flash, price and you have to buy adapters for everything. As far as android apps, I have found everything I used with my iphone or a decent replacement, that is still another non-issue for me, look hard enough, I guarantee you will find an app.If you can get it used and everything works you will have a VERY, VERY good tablet.