First, I hate to admit that I was a iSheep and was worshiping Apple products (iphone, ipad) for three years.Not anymore.I am completely blown off by the Honeycomb + Motorola tablet GUI which provides me with the level of customization that could not be achieved in iPad even with all the help from Cydia or any winterboard.I am completely blown off by the DLNA support that this tablet offers. I could easily transfer all the transfer videos,mp3 directly to this device via uPNP client(DNLA service). I have tonnes of movies in different formats lying in my hard disk connected to desktop shared via dlna and could be easily accessed by Motorola Xoom and it plays every known video format known. I could read every possible known ebook format in Motorola Xoom.I am completely blown off by the quality of Android apps available in the Market and they are comparable and in par with the apps from iTunes. Can you imagine installing Antivirus software in a tablet that scans each and every emails and apps for any potential virus or trojan horse? You can do it in this tablet. Can you imagine running easily 20 to 30 apps in the back ground and still not compromise on the cpu? You can do it here. All the networking apps (vnc, logmein,ssh,....) are available in Android world. The widgets are cool and the level of customization that you can do with these is really great. I am sure that the Android app store will overtake apple app store in a year or two. I think people, who are sick and tired of looking at Apple same old GUI again and again, should start looking at Honeycomb and appreciate the effort that has gone into this.Of course, we easily saw tonnes of bugs in iPad in the early days, but the look and feel of it made us mesmerized and forget all those issues.But, when it comes to Honeycomb, it really makes me laugh after reading the silly reviews that these people post in Amazon.com about the reason why they did not like Motorola Xoom and I really feel sorry these people who don't realize the level of customization, tweaks,... that could be done in this device.After rooting it, I could do a lots of things, like connecting a USB hard disk, Super user rights, side loading, install non android apps, ap*****et, titanium back ups, skype with video,..and the list goes on and on...(I cannot reveal more than this...Join xda-developers for more info...)Hats off to Motorola for making this one of a kind tablet and good luck to all the iSheep's who are still out there reading this review.