I pre-ordered on Amazon so got the Thrive on July 11.  Overall, I am very pleased and won't repeat in detail all the merits of the tablet but instead briefly describe what I especially like and a couple of faults that prevent me from giving it 5 full stars.On the plus side; I use a usb keyboard for taking notes in meetings but found I can semi-touch type on-screen with the tablet on a table; this was an unexpected surprise.  Dolphin HD browser works great and very much like a laptop experience in terms of rendering and speed.  I've even streemed some movies from Amazon with total stupefaction.  If I'm using the Thrive for checking email, light surfing and a game or two, the battery will last a full 2 days. Documents and PDFs render quite nicely on the Thrive and I can even work in spreadsheets comfortably.Now for the 2 quibbles. Sometimes applications will shut down unexpectedly.  This most likely is app-specific Honeycomb issues, but there's no way to know for sure just yet.  Second and worse.  Although it's nice to have regular OS updated due to having stock Honeycomb 3.1, the last one came with the dreaded "narcolepsy" syndrome.  I.e. it doesn't always wake from sleep without a hard reboot.  This only stared after the second update.  I have no doubt that Toshiba will fix it soon, but till then it is annoying to wait 30-40 seconds while it boots up.UPDATE; I've been using the new update that fixed the narcolepsy.  It did the trick, but unfortunately did not fix other issues.  I'm leaving the rating at 4 stars.ISSUES1. The tablet still wakes itself up for no apparent reason.  Yesterday it was doing it quite often and it drained the battery quite fast.2. I'm having trouble hot swapping SD cards.  I find that I nearly always have to reboot to get it to recognize a card.  I don't have that issue with other Android devices.3. I still have problems with some programs including Market shutting themselves down while other like Flash just stop working altogether.  I'm not sure if that's due to the hardware or just Gingerbread.4. Unlike the Galaxy tab and my LG Android phone, I don't see a way to clear all notifications.  I have to clear each one manually which is annoying.PLUSES1. Videos play even better; I enjoy streaming content to the Thrive!2. I purchased a second battery and it makes it even easier to take anywhere.3. I found that reading email from the Thrive is actually easier than from a computer.  I read several accounts daily and K9-Mail as well as Kaiten Mail work wonderfully!4. The Thrive hasn't had any issues picking up wifi signals on several networks.  In fact, it's download speeds are on par with my netbook. Not bad for an Android tablet!