I have had my tablet for about a month now. I really enjoy it, and not just because of the weight! The functionality is great. I have really pushed the battery, as I am a pretty heavy multi-tasker/have a few apps I leave running in the background (such as chats, etc). It will last for around 2 days. It does take a bit longer to charge than I thought it would.The screen is nice and vibrant, and responsive to touch. I have little problem with accuracy. The one drawback I have noticed is the on-screen keyboard won't register letters as quickly as I'd like. For example, when you are typing "night," I am quick with the "gh", and it will only take the g. So may watch for typing errors if you don't like auto-correct (like me).The apps load quickly, and the wifi is snappy. The cameras are ok; as other reviews have posted it's better than the ipad2's but not as good as some cell phones. I have taken video and they are a little grainy on screen. The sound on it though is pretty good.It seems rather sturdy in hand. I purchased the case that has the built-in silicon keyboard, but to be honest I've hardly had to use that keyboard. I do like the case.One draw back I have found is it is difficult to find accessories at stores such as Wal-Mart, Target, or Best Buy. The majority of the accessories are for the ipad. So I have been looking more online than I have in store, which is a bit of a disappointment as I like to touch and feel as I consider purchases.The app store is ok. Definitely not as voluminous as ipad but I have faith it will get there. Amazon has some good apps going for it, so maybe check them out before you dive in as well.Edited 3/10/12: I have discovered that the wireless print feature only allows you to print to a SAMSUNG PRINTER. If I had known of this inconvenience, it probably would have been a deal-breaker and caused me to turn my eyes to Apple. There may be some free apps but I have yet to check them out, so you may want to look into this if it is important to you.