Well, I got the iPad a week back directly from Apple (Barclays offers 12 month interest free financing) and bought some accessories from Amzn (my favorite website ever)Getting to the point - do we see this as an enlarged iPhone replacement or a *Victoria Secret* ASUS EEC PC replacement? Well, I have to draw upon my teenage kink and say - it depends :)As a phoneThe iPad can load Skype and so one can buy a wireless bluetooth headset..I have made quite a few calls using Skype and the reception quality is acceptable. Without the headset, the mic and steereo quality is superior. Most important of all- the speaker *does not burst* like my google phone.As a laptopThe iPad can load Windows for (Word, Excel and Powerpoint). Need to purchase additional software. The keypad is sensitive enough and superior to the Google phone. BTW I have emails from 7 email accounts coming into one inbox.As a GPSGoogle maps comes preloaded.Big screen, superior resolutionAll in AllPls. use Cntrl F and search for the keyword "superior" in my review. I have to say that any experience on the iPad is nothing short of superior quality. I have an ASUS eec PC, a Nexus One phone and now the Ipad. With all three devices sitting on my desk - given a choice, I would prefer to call upon my iPad to make phone calls, browse the web, check emails and navigate.Vitamin MiPad plus accessories - $700 (16GB + Wifi + 3G)Yearly Operational cost  - $420Opportunity cost (phone plus internet) - $960Monthly interest free payment for the iPad et al - $58Monthly savings on getting rid of the dubious phone bill - $45Break even - 15.5 monthsVerdictIf one spends time / most of the activities in a sitting position as opposed to walking / running, not obsessed with picking up every incoming phone call, enjoys reading in-depth articles on the Wall Street Journal and NY Times, enjoys Mozart,Beethoven et al  playing in the background and enjoys people starring at you as if you are a homo-erectus descended from a far off goldilock planet - get an iPad messenger bag (with a strap) and hey - don't forget to get the iPad :)Disclaimer: The above review is based on certain assumptions. Furthermore, it does not take into account time value of money. Pls. examine your options carefully before making a decision