it wasn't for me, though.First, this computer ships with Windows 7 Starter which doesn't allow users to really get the feel for tablet functionality.  Sure, you can upgrade but I think Lenovo should have thought it through before shipping it--what good is a multi-touch tablet if you can't use the multi-touch functionality outside of the small, slow software created just for this machine?Second, I think Lenovo made a sacrifice in the overall quality of the machine in order to bring the cost of the touchscreen to average consumers.  I have a Lenovo S10-2 and I love it--I'm fully aware that Lenovo is capable of producing a reasonably-priced netbook that is high quality.  Comparing the S10-3t to the S10-2, I'm sad to see a dramatic decline in the quality of the smaller things like the keyboard (noisy, loose, rattling) and the speakers (tin can and string quality).Third, the battery is a little nuts.  It has to weigh at least two pounds and it knocks the laptop off balance in strange ways.  It juts out like a diving board weights nearly as much as the computer itself.  I will admit that the 10+ hours of battery life is impressive and very useful... but not for me.Finally, the capacitive touchscreen simply did not do what I wanted and the dimensions are a little wonky.  Rumors were that the S10-3t would have a digitized overlay and ship with a stylus and, obviously, it does not.  It's fun for Paint but unfeasible for any kind of note-taking requiring even the slightest amount of detail.  With such a small screen (and zero Windows-tablet functionality), even my considerably small fingers were a difficult interface.  As for the dimensions, this is not a 16:9 10.1" widescreen--it's a little wider and a little more squat.  Screen real estate is already a valuable commodity on such a little machine, screwing with the dimensions further complicates matters when you're rotating from portrait to landscape and etc.  Of course, there are a slew of tricks to maximize screen real estate in various operating systems but, for all of its flaws, none seemed with it for this machine.But that's just me.