I have owned my Thrive since Jan 2011 and I'd like to give my thoughts on the tablet.I rooted my Thrive shortly after I got it only because I wanted to be able to tether my Thrive with my Nokia N8 via a wifi hotspot.  I had to root it since none of the Android tablets are able to connect to an Ad-hoc wifi hotspot that virtually all mobile phones use to enable their hotspot.  I was fortunate that there was a small community for the Thrive and one of the developers on a Thrive forum I visit had created a ROM that enabled the Thrive to connect to an Ad-hoc hotspot.I had updated the OS to ICS but didn't use the Toshiba Service Station to do so.  I used the ICS ROM supplied by DalePL, the forum member who's Honeycomb ROM I was using.  The ROM is very stable and it made things more fluid. This ROM also allows my Thrive to connect to Ad-hoc hotspots. Also, the Adobe Flash videos that use to stutter in Honeycomb played perfectly under the ICS upgrade.  If anything, the ICS update seems to make better use of the Dual Cores in the Nvidia Tegra chip.The only thing that the ICS update broke on my Thrive was the Bluetooth. I use to be able to connect a Bluetooth speaker and stream music from my NAS, or watch Youtube videos but after the ICS update, the Bluetooth speaker drops out frequently and is unusable.  And you have to use an external speaker since the stereo speakers are worthless and you need bionic ears to be able to hear anything out of them.The Bluetooth issue was a MAJOR bummer for me since it's useless now and I hate having to use a wired speaker. I'm going to solve my Bluetooth issue by buying a Bluetooth transmitter that plugs into the headphone jack.  My Thrive would have something hanging off of it but at least it'll be wireless, sorta.I still love the Thrive since it's the only Tablet to this day that has a removable battery, and I have 3 of them.  You get about 6 hours of solid use out of one charge so 3 batts give me about 18 hours of unwired use.  Also, since this tablet has a full size USB port, you don't need to carry around an adapter to plug in a flash drive or usb keyboard/mouse dongle.  The full size HDMI port is nice but I rarely use it since I'm able to stream most of the videos from my Thrive to my Western Digital TV Live Plus.I would still recommend this tablet even though there are newer, more powerful tablets on the market but only to the geek type person that could live with it's niggles.Just make sure you could return the thing if you don't like it.