I have been doing research, reading reviews, watching reviews on YouTube, and pulling my hair out trying to find the right Android Tablet to fit my budget, my quality standards, and my wants/needs. Well folks...I have found it! The Le Pan TC 970 is an Awesome Android Tablet! The touchscreen display is beautiful and smooth, the Android 2.2 is awesome and super easy to use, the WiFi is easy to connect, the Bluetooth is nice, the speakers are not bad at all even though other reviews say they are terrible...not true at all, the battery life is Amazing (10+ Hours), and I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the materials used for the Le Pan and also how heavy duty and sturdy it is. I recommend getting a stylus for this tablet because the fingerprints on the screen will drive you crazy and I also wish it had bigger internal memory cause I had to buy a 16 GB Micro SDHC Card ($30) so I could store movies and music on the tablet...because the 2 GB is just way too small...other than that it is an Awesome & Inexpensive Android Tablet and I am very happy I decided to take a chance on purchasing the Le Pan TC 970. Thank you everyone for the good reviews here on Amazon to help me make my decision.UPDATE: (10/17/11)I am still in love with my Le Pan! The battery life is even more amazing that I have previously thought. I played on it throughout the day for 3 days in a row and barely used half the battery. The apps all work fairly well and it is so much fun to relax on my couch and play on my tablet vs. having a hot laptop sitting on my lap. The Le Pan also works well on long trips to have fun and pass the time away...of course do not operate it while you are driving...LOL! I bought a stylus for it which works very well at keeping the screen fingerprint free, but I also bought a screen protect and man was that a waste of $13! I should have just thrown $13 on the ground and walked away...what a joke that was! Anyways...if you are still debating on buying the Le Pan...don't hesitate...you're gonna love it!