After having lusted long for the Archos 5IT (with Android), I decided to get the 7HT. Bad choice. It's definitely not for the mainstream user. It's quiet buggy and there are rough edges all over the software. No doubt, it plays several formats of video and audio but that doesn't redeem its other shortcomings. There is no excuse for the lack of a capacitative touch screen. One has to constantly keep calibrating it, and even then, it's impossible to accurately select what one intends to.This is a definite demonstration of how companies take customers back several years with each new generation of device, instead of releasing mature, robust products. This kind of thing immediately obsoletes all previous investments in software, accessories and more importantly, data. I'm not even going to mention the customization and familiarity that one grows into to use gadgets effectively and smoothly.Back to the A7HT... here, I have a "new" device, with an already aging OS (Android ver 1.5), and outdated hardware and little that can be done to customize and "improve" it otherwise, because most new(er) Android applications don't work on it. Add to that Android is tuned for mobile phone type devices with a different form-factor and functionality. Bad choice, Archos!Some things do work though... the browser is ok, email has IMAP support... and the video and music. But there is no native streaming support (other than via the internet... no uPnP or shared file systems). The pathetic 8GB memory compounds the problem (of the lack of streaming support).People go gaga over the screen. But not so fast, people. It's barely adequate and totally inadequate for viewing photographs; it's like those old color monitors from the 80s - patchy and blotched. The sound... my 5 year old iPod shuffle is soooooo much better.It does work well as an eBook reader, but there is no Kindle support (probably resulting from the older Android version).People say that's what one should expect for USD 199. I say no.So, folks, there you have it. The Archos 7HT is an underwhelming device.