Please note I could not locate the model TC978 on Amazon but it seems it doesn't matter since the problem written below happens to other models of Le Pan. I purchased this LePan (in purple though) on 12.14.12 as a Christmas present. I gave it to my wife and after 19 days (from date of purchase 12/14/12) it would not start despite pushing the reset button and start button as recommended. My wife also charged it overnight as well but it still would not start. I sometimes felt it shake when I pressed the power button. I then exchanged it (despite Walmart's 2 week return policy on tablets; the representative was very nice and understood since it was a Christmas gift I could exchange it). I received the tablet around 1.5.13. Now my wife says it does not start again; screen is black, charging it overnight did not solve the problem and doing all the other things previously done did not help. She called Walmart.com and was able to return it after having it for about 1 month. Beware of this product. I did some research online (I took a risk even though some reviews were low but a lot of good reviews were written as well) and this has happened to many others. My wife contacted LePan prior to contacting Walmart.com and they stated that the tablet needed to be shipped at our cost. She even read a review on Amazon and someone returned it 4 times with shipping cost of $18 per time. She was not going to deal with that and called Walmart in hopes of returning and thank goodness they took it back. Yes, this tablet is a 10 inch and really inexpensive; I paid $130 plus tax. You know the old saying, "You get what you pay for", this saying shines in this situation. We ended up purchasing a Toshiba Excite and yes it costs $200 more but it got rave reviews and hopefully it will not be like the LePan. We emailed LePan and let them know how horrible their product was. You can take a chance and purchase this product but please know that your are taking a risk. Others reviewed this tablet and loved it but to have the tablet break 2 times shows that it is not made well. Please note my wife takes care of things and did not drop it or anything of that sort.