FIRST, THIS IS A PERSONAL  "USE" REVIEW.  IT IS NOT A "SPECS" REVIEW. IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A "SPECS" REVIEW, THIS REVIEW IS NOT FOR YOU.  THERE ARE A LOT OUT THERE.Having said that, ..........I love my IPAD!!!!!!It is so much smaller than a notebook and so much thinner than a netbook.On top of that, I use my iPad alot for web surfing, emailing, watching movies, and reading while on the elliptical at the gym.  Soon my gym  will go wifi, but right now I use my  sprint overdrive wifi hotspot to connect to the Internet. I can do the elliptical now without ever being bored. And with the os upgrade in the summer, it will be even better.No other gadget at this time is big enough or small enough for this use alone.I'm losing weight so much easier. An hour and a half of workout is no big deal now. In fact, the time just flies and I sometimes go way beyond. I have to restrain myself!Also, I have heard that an iPad is just a glorified version of iPod but it is so much better than that. It is lightening fast and very responsive.People who say their notebook is just as good or good enough  are kidding themselves. Why? Because iPad is so much smaller. Ijust slip it in my purse with my overdrive wifi hotspot and go.  Boot up time is almost instant, so I can get on the Internet anywhere.Also, netbook is not the same either. Why? Because iPad is so much faster and with the iBook and all the iPad apps, there is no comparison. On top of all the above mentioned things, the battery life is awesome. No notebook or netbook can come close toipad's battery life. My uses of web surfing, netflix movie watching and emailing gave me about 8 hours of use and I still had about 30% of battery life left.Sure, it doesn't have the battery life of kindle ebook, but kindle does not do all the stuff that the iPad does, so iPad is the winner here as well.So, while I love my iPad, I only gave it 4 stars  because it does not have  sd card slot, USB port,  camera, etc. But having saidthat, I don't even miss those functions at this time for my uses.  iPad is not replacing my laptop, it just adds to my life experiences beautifully.