I needed something to use as a portfolio(I am working in the video game industry), so I was looking online for a cheap tablet that would serve my purpose, which was to display high quality images and videos. After reading the reviews, I settled with the superpad.No, it's not an iPad. I have been teased by everyone at work because it's not an iPad or a Xoom. But it works just like it. Exactly like an iPad. The only difference is it runs a little slower due to the less RAM it has, but it's like comparing a Ford Focus to a Ford Mustang. They do the same thing, only one runs faster and has the luxury of being called a Mustang because it costs twice as much.It's also bigger and thinner than an iPad, but I love all the connections it has available, especially the Ethernet connection.It plays videos smoothly, except for full HD movies, when it lags a bit. It plays apps and games great, although it tends to freeze on some, and I'm not sure if it's the OS or the app itself. For apps, I've installed the Amazon App store, and it runs smoothly, along with the Android Market which is already installed. Only some apps designed for phones like Furdiburb tend to stretch the graphics, but that's a problem with the app, not the tablet.It also came neatly packaged and bubble wrapped, and it came with instructions on how to use it, which was pretty neat considering a lot of things lack an instruction manual nowadays.My only problem is it doesn't have multitouch, and if you try to, it will take the average of all the touches that you make, which totally sucks when you're trying to play Angry Birds or zoom into a picture as I'd want to. Nonetheless, I am satisfied with it, and I was pleasantly surprised to see it's not that all different from the $500+ tablets save for the speed.Cons:-Can't be used outside in the sunlight-Takes a while to load-No multitouch-Battery tends to die pretty fast, 1 day of casual use tops.Pros:-Camera and voice works great, the Skype app from Android works fine-The 2 sd card slots allow up to 32 GB storage-2 usb slots allow for fast transfer-Sound is crisp-Has no problem running most apps-Isn't heat touch sensitive, so you can use a stylus