I bought this at a local retailer. Highly recommend, I've owned a couple of Android tablets over the last year... this is by far the best one. The price of the 32GB recently dropped down to the same level as the 16GB, although for most people 16GB is probably enough. If in doubt (use games, plan to store lots of media) go for the 32GB model. I decided to do the 32GB because there is no expansion slot. In general, I try to stick with the "Nexus" on the phone as well because these units get updated from Google directly (at least for a 2 year period in the case of my phone). Of course, the first Android tablet I got only had about 6 months of updates (won't name the brand). My other tablet was 7 inch and this was my "sweet spot" as I can handle it easily etc. My adult kids have big iPads and the recent mini was somewhat attractive to me. Actually, I bought 2 of these (spouse) and my wife who is technically impoverished did fine with this as she has been using the Android phone. It really boils down to your ecosystem and we've leaned toward Android over the last 2-3 years. Not a retina display, but much higher resolution than the iPad mini, also this unit has a quad core processor and 1GB RAM. I can honestly say it is smooth as butter and we are happy with both Nexus 7 tablets. If you don't have any investment in the Apple line, definitely save some money and get the Nexus... I would say the 32GB Nexus is about $130 cheaper than a 32GB iPad mini and you will be happy with it. Do get yourself a gmail account (free and really a must as it integrates a lot of the things you do on the tablet - although I sync with a email/calendar server (Microsoft exchange) at work with no problem. Some new features of Android 4.2 (as of this writing) are Google Now (a Siri like program), and a "gestures" keyboard (a must as I hate tap typing on a keyboard - with this you "slide" your fingers to each letter and it is much faster). Screen brightness, battery life, Wifi ease of use etc. all are excellent. High quality materials - especially the glass - speed and ease of use easily match the Apple iOS tit for tat.