After the big discussions between Apple and SAMSUNG, where Apple claims the galaxy 10.1 is a copy of the Ipad - I thought it would perfectly fit into the family I already own - means I already own an IPAD 1 and an IPAD 2.I am a bit frustrated about the fact that my Ipad one and two won't play Adobe flash and the cam on my ipad 2 is also not really the best in the state.... So I decided to buy this Samsung Galaxy 10.1 tab.The cam is excellent and it has also a good flash light and YES! it plays ADOBE FLASH on the internet. So everything is fantastic, right - why only 2 of 5 stars?Well, I forgot that I am using Itunes at home and almost all of my media (video and audio) is in itunes.... So I would have to export all of that to mp3 (audio) and mp4 (video) - which takes a lot of extra space as I am not planning to get rid of my also beloved ipad1 and 2...Also the communication between the Samsung and Mac requires an additional program which would create an additional database beside itunes... My MAC did not recognize the device while using the Samsung software - 3 out of 5 times...Sending recorded videos through mail is a pain. you need to save it first, go your albums select it from there and send it --- guys  at Samsung... please take a look at the solution which the ipad has... simple and quick...The CAM is not supported by SKYPE!!!! I need Skype for phone conferencing....I miss the stop button which stops appications immediately...So, overall a very good Tablett - but doesn't fit into my media world at home. I tried hardly to use it for 2 weeks before I made the decision getting rid of it because the above named problems. I dont remember if I ever had to reboot one of my two ipads - in fact I had to do reboot this one at least 10 times during the two weeks. Flash runs, but the quality is getting worse and worse each time you play flash content within the internet.Maybe, if I would not have the ipad one and two - maybe than I would be satisfied... I am using iswifter application to play flash on the ipad and it works fine.... Samsung  - this is a nice try of building and selling a competitor product... But thats all...