I wasn't so sure about this when I bought it but I've been pleasantly surprised.  My biggest concern was the single-touch screen but that really hasn't been an issue.  For me, the pros and cons of the Ziio have been...Cons:- Doesn't have the Android Market, but see the first "pro" below.- The screen is resistive instead of capacitive, which means that it can't support multi-touch.  You can't do things like pinch to zoom but in my opinion, that's pretty minor and it has really only been a "problem" when playing a select few games.- The home, back, menu and search buttons are a continuation of the screen but they aren't backlit, which means that you can't see or feel them in the dark.- It doesn't charge through USB.  You have to connect a separate charger.- The mic doesn't seem to pick up sound very well, which is a problem for video chat and can cause feedback if the other person has to crank the volume up on their end.- You can play Flash videos on select sites only.  They only play fullscreen, in the video player app and even on sites like YouTube, I've gotten errors about unsupported formats.- The firmware updater doesn't check to see if you already have the latest.  It will let you repeatedly "upgrade" to the same version for hours if you want.  :)- I wish it had a regular SD slot instead of MicroSD.  You can get a bigger, faster SD card for less and it's not like the Ziio is phone-sized.- So far there doesn't seem to be any support for 3rd party firmware like CM7.Pros:+ Runs the Amazon App Store.+ Has a decent processor and amount of RAM.  Games and videos play well.  I play games and watch movies (in MPEG4/H.264 format) a lot on plane trips.+ The battery life is good.  It might go a week or so on standby.  If I'm just doing a little browsing or playing some games before bed with the wifi off, I would expect to get a few days use out of it before recharging.  The wifi definitely is a battery killer though.+ Has a MicroSD slot for up to 32 GB of additional storage.+ Runs Android 2.2, which is good enough for most apps out there.  Although 2.3 seems to be a common requirement for certain types of apps, like video chat apps (Fring excluded.)+ The screen is good, although the off-angle viewing isn't great.+ Has Bluetooth.+ The speakers are nice, especially compared to the Nook Color.