Bought this Archos 7 a week ago as an early Christmas gift for myself.Originally ordered at TigerDirect but purchased at Best Buy as Tiger was on backorder due to popularity of item.I gave this review only four stars because it did not come with the Google Market installed and I wanted to download apps; however, I installed appslib and slideme (SAM) which both offer plenty of apps.  If you are interested try appslib.com and slideme.org to view applications available before you buy.The Archos 7 is light, quite sizable and serves my needs for surfing net late at night without having to boot up my laptop.  Its also great for checking email although typing is quite cumbersome on the android keyboard.The apps make it handy, I like to check the weather, check whats on at the movies and stuff like that.It can also play video and music and display photos.  All these functions I use on a fairly regular basis.So for my needs its perfect: surfing the net, checking mail, listening to music, showing off pics of the family and using a handful of favorite applications.What makes it really neat and the main reason i bought was to read ebooks which I borrow from my public library and read.  The are in ePub format and are DRM protected.  I looked through appslib and slideme and found several ebook readers and ebook downloads (including wheel of time my fav); however, there was no kindle, no adobe digital editions, and no nook.  So I was stumped, until I went to the overdrive media console website which is the software my library recommended.  I used my ARchos 7 internet to browse to the site, clicked on the android download for overdrive media console for ebooks, and installed the application.  It installed perfectly, I opened it browsed to my library [...] and downloaded the 3 ebooks from my account. Books installed fine.  Overdrive does audio books too, which my library also offers.The only other negative thing about the Archos 7 is the learning curve using the screen, initially i would keep clicking on something when I was trying to drag the touch screen.  It was a little frustrating, but it got easier and now its hardly a problem at all.  I do use my finger nail though, as opposed to the fleshy part.Overall 4 stars - the price is great and the size of the screen is really good.  Good value for money.