I purchased this tablet on Ebay,after buying a ePad which doesn't work well.I was told that the tablet had 2.1(Eclair),but it doesn't it's 1.5(Cupcake).Cupcake is old but there is alot of apps that still install.The device is not bad as I payed only $100 for it with a free case.The tablet has good battery life as opposed to the ePad I had before,which had only 1 hour of battery life with wifi. I get 2 to 3 hours usage from the battery,even with wifi enabled. I was shocked to find out that the tablet lacks Google Market,but the Appslib store and downloadable Slideme market have good enough apps for me. Mind you Appslib needed a good update.I even found a working Youtube app. Although the ads say it has Youtube it doesn't out the box. But on the web you can find a working app of Youtube.Another thing that shocked me is you can not add alot of apps to the device. It only has 24mb of internal RAM for apps sadly in Cupcake. This I hate.I added only my fave apps to the device anyway.And lastly another thing I hate is the device will freeze up from time to time if you use more than one app at a time ,even though it has a 600mhz processor.It is similar to my old Nokia 770 Internet Tablet I had. It had a 400mhz processor and 128 of RAM and 2 gigs of storage. The Archos has 8 gigs of space and 256mb of RAM.So it is faster.My other ePad has a 600mhz Via processor and 256 of RAM. About the same.The battery has died on my ePad though and I have to use it plugged into the power.Touch screen on the tablet is not too bad,but you have to force it at times. Although if you use a fingernail it is better. It lacks multi-touch but I hardly use that anyway. It lacks a webcam for video chat but does allow for audio chat.All in all,the Archos is not bad. It has a decent music player,Aldiko ebook reader is ok,video player is ok,and if that isn't enough there are custom Roms with more RAM and even Market.For the price it is a stable device.If you can live with the occasional freeze up and only a small amount of apps ,than it is ok.I highly recommend using a custom Rom with the tablet.I think I made a wise decission buying this.I got a better tablet than my old Nokia 770 and it has better battery than my ePad.Still this is not a iPad. Down the road I will get a used iPad. But for now this suits me fine.