I have had the Ipad 64g 3G for a little over two week and I'm still just as addicted to it as I was the first day. I was familiar with most of the features because I have the Ipod Touch and iPhone 3G. With the Ipad you get the best internet experience on any mobile device period. Of course what would the Ipad be without the actual Ipod which plays music, video, and podcasts. You get wifi but I recommend spending a little more for the iPad 3G which means you can use your iPad anywhere besides wifi spots courtesy of At&t.; The price of their data plans for the ipad are very affordable when compared to most other data services. The 3G models have GPS for location-based services, which means you get more accurate directions than the wifi only version. The App Store turns your Ipad in to a entertainment powerhouse. With the app store you can add apps that fit your needs. From games to business you're bound to find something that you will like. You get an amazing book reader with the ibook store, and if you download the amazon kindle app you get another great ebook reader app with many more books to choose from. It is still kind of bizarre to think I can watch a movie, listen to music, surf the internet, play games, read a book, write and read email, get GPS directions, watch you tube videos, check the weather, and even use the iPad as a phone over wifi with the Skype app. My favorite iPad apps are Netflix, abc player, pandora, Amazon kindle app, shazam and a few others. The apple iPad 3g is truly magical and is light years ahead of the competition with its ease of use and versatility. Sure there are things that can be improved (add a camera, add more internal memory and support adobe flash), but that's with anything. When apple finally releases it's update for iPad this fall which will include the ability to multitask (among many other cool features) it will bring a whole new functionality in to the iPad. I cant wait to be able to listen to pandora in the background while i surf the net or read a book.Like it or not the iPad is a revolution and created a whole new device category and will do for tablets what the ipod and iphone did for mp3 players and cell phones.