To start things off, I am a big fan of across multiple platforms.  I enjoy Windows / Google / and Apple products in work and at home.  Now when I first saw this I thought this was the tablet for me.  It has Windows 7 and multiple ports not including the keyboard.  Unfortunately there wasn't any retailer selling this unit.  I took the plunge and bought it.  In the end I am glad I did but this tablet was not a match for me.Review of specs;Screen  is a beautiful 10.1 (1280 x 800) - AAMD Processor - A2 GB of memory - AWindows 7 - D (that's where things take a turn, see below)32 GB hard drive - B (would be nice if it were 64 GB)Graphics  - BWebcams (1280 x 1024) - B+ (takes nice pics)Port connections - A+Keyboard - C+ (creative, and it works)Touch screen - C (the biggest downfall)I originally was looking at this device for work purposes.  When I fired it up, the system seemed peppy and responsive.  The Windows 7 desktop is a great desktop/laptop/netbook operation system.  The keyboard works and that is how I first started using it.It is when I undocked it that I was a little disappointed.  The touch screen is buggy and when selecting points on the screen, it sometimes misses or doesn't register.  The rotating of the screen was poor, the device seemed confused and would orient correctly fifty percent of the time.  When I started reviewing PDFs, the touch screen went a little batty.  It would scream through the document, a wee bit out of control.  I adjusted the touch screen settings, but no luck.  Another funny item was my son found angry birds and downloaded it on Chrome.  While playing, the touch screen would take him to the previous webpage, very upsetting to a toddler (lol), so I tested it and again the same results.If you are using this device as a netbook/notebook and docked, you will be happy, it is at the point of undocking that you will need to be patient.  My concluding thoughts are that Windows 7 isn't ready for touch screen gig yet.  In the end after testing for several days on different programs, the five hundred plus cost wasn't worth it to me.