After receiving an unexpected bonus from my employer I decided to use it to pick up an iPad.  I went with the 16 gig wifi only model as I didn't want to shell a lot out of pocket and the bonus barely covered the cost.  While I like the device from a "coolness" perspective, I have found that over the past month of use that the lack of flash support makes the device nearly useless for effective web surfing.  I would estimate that nearly 80 to 90 percent of run of the mill sites use some form of flash that makes them crippled on the iPad.  Try going to any of the national chain restaurant websites, (fFriday's, Chilis, Applebees, Buffalo Wild Wings) and it's likely that you'll end up not being able to view much if anything.  Many sports news sites or general new sites have huge holes in their pages where flash is supposed to be running.  Even with all the other nice bells and whistles, and the hundreds of thousands of apps available, this one drawback makes it tough for me to recommend the iPad to someone who expects a full web browsing experience from a portable tablet based device.  As for use as a laptop replacement for business purposes, the options in the app store for MS Office compatible software for editing word, excel and PowerPoint docs are quote broad, but not a single one let's you edit in any form that is close to the full blown desktop software, especially PowerPoint which I use extensively.  Logmein Ignition picks up the slack however in giving me access to my work laptop when I am away, albeit it's tough sometimes positioning the mouse on the laptop's screen accurately.  It will allow me though to leave my laptop at home on short business trips as long as I have wifi where I am.  I am going to add on a MiFi hotspur from one of the major carriers to allow me access anywhere rather than having gotten the 3G version, which allows me to pick the vendor of choice and upgrade to 4g or whatever newer technology comes out.  The lack of cameras is glaring considering all android based devices are seemingly coming out with them in their first gen offerings.  My hope is that e next gen iPads have dual cameras to support FaceTime and other video chatting software.  I also hope they work something out with adobe so that flash support comes to the iPad.  Without it, I am definitely leaning towards an android based device as an "upgrade" from the iPad because viewing the web is to me what these devices are supposed to do well and the iPad falls way short of acceptable.