Ok, so I have owned this thing for about 2 and a half months.  Here is the short version review up front:Pros:- Android 2.2 - While currently supplanted by 2.3 and 3.0, it was in immense upgrade for those of us who had been used to using 1.6.  There are a lot of tweaks that make this version fun and functional (thanks Laptop magazine!)- SIM slot - I bought it for use in Afghanistan, while deployed.  My only semi-reliable internet option was Afghan Wireless Cellular Company(AWCC).  While there was nothing better than Edge network speed available, sending an email or surfing the web at the drop of a hat from anywhere was a lifesaver.- Android Market - Even though I could not purchase paid apps while out of the US, just having access to the free apps(yes, there really are thousands) kept me from losing my sanity.Cons:- 3G - In the US, I used it with T-mobile, who does not operate their 3G network on a frequency compatible with the Viewpad7.  I assume that its meant for use with AT&T; or another company.- Case - The leather case that came with it started coming apart at the seams after a month or so.  Not the end of the world since I bought a neoprene case to better weatherproof it.  Still, the leather case was nice because it allowed the unit to be propped up at the optimal viewing angle.- Speakers - The volume of music played through the speakers, or a call on speakerphone, is ok for a quiet room, or even the inside of my truck with the radio off.  In a room with 2 or three other conversations going on, however, a bluetooth headset or the supplied wired headset is a must.  Since I didn't buy it to replace a boombox though, its still a great device.I pit it daily against a coworker's Ipad, and day in and day out this one is the winner.  The 7 inch size is clearly more portable and the GPS, Sim slot, phone, and Market are icing on the cake.  The only thing that would have been nice is more internal storage and RAM since it only takes a handful of apps running to bog it down.  But with judicious use of an app killer, I can play Angry Birds or edit an Excel spreadsheet with no issues.Currently, its primary use is as my mp3 player/workout timer/journal, and I wouldn't trade it for anything.