I was hesitant to purchase the ipad mini from a dealer because there were only stock pics and limited description but I'm very happy I took the chance. First, I contacted the seller to ask a question and they replied the same day with an answer so 5 stars for communication. Second, the product arrived in it's original box with the serial number of the device matching the packaging, this exceeded my expectation. Accessories were neatly stowed as if they had never been used. I could find no blemishes on the ipad mini, it looked like new. I took it by my local Apple store to have them check it out and they confirmed that it was like new. They were also able to look it up and tell me when it was originally purchased (Nov) and they registered it to me.I've been using the mini for a few weeks now and I love the size for convenience. It's extremely thin and fits in my purse. I had the Nook Tablet before this and find that they are very similar in size. I also have the iPad 3 and for regular use, I prefer the larger screen. I wanted the mini for travel and it will be perfect. Everything I have on my iPad 3 can be put on my mini so when I travel, I have everything I need. I bought the 32 gig and I currently have 7 full length movies and 25 tv episodes (40+ min each) in addition to 130 songs and 84 apps of which 16 are games so it holds quite a bit of entertainment. I have a little over 2 gigs available. My iPad 3 has 64g so I was worried I'd miss the space.The mini feels much more thin and delicate than my iPad 3 and my Nook Tablet. I worry about it breaking and wish LifeProof had a case out for it. In portrait view, the sides are narrow so holding it just there can be precarious. I let it lay on my palm with my thumb on the narrow edge for more support. The screen size is satisfactory and I've had no screen issues while watching movies. Many say if you are used to the retina display then this will disappoint but I don't have that problem. Movies display in wide width with the ability to increase the size to full screen by zoom. Sound is excellent. Alone it is fine on 5-6 level and with other noise, 7-8 is fine. Camera works with ease and seems to have the same functions as my iPad 3 including front facing camera, zoom and video. Apps made for the iPhone can be increased in size but a little visual quality is lost due to pixelation. IPad apps look great. Overall, I'm extremely satisfied with the product and the seller. I recommend and would definitely purchase again.