I've had my Vpad7 for a couple of months and I like it a lot.  Because of the Vpad7, I rarely carry my netbook around anymore.  I bought the Vpad7 because it IS basically an oversized smart cellphone and I wanted a bigger screen than my Motorola Backflip, but also has 3G and all the capabilities of my cellphone.  I bought a 16gb class 10 microSDHC card to give the Vpad7 more memory...and that seems to also have increased the speed too...the Vpad7 is unlocked...I simply switched my ATT SIM card from the Backflip to the Vpad7 and it worked with no issues.Everything works as I expected, so I'm pleased.  Now, because of it's size, I can't just put the Vpad7 into my pants pocket and take off like I can with the Backflip, but I typically carry a backpack with me and the Vpad7 goes in there.  I also have a Plantronics Bluetooth and I do carry the Bluetooth earpiece in my shirtpocket (or on my ear) for receiving phone calls quickly. I've downloaded a few good free apps...and a couple of low priced apps...to make switching on the Wifi and hotspot capability easy and quick and to track my usage.  Like anything new, I had to get familiar with the Vpad7 and it's virtual keyboard...I don't recall ever looking at any instructions.  Installing the SIM card and MicroSDHC card was easy.  I was already an Android user with the Backflip.  If you're new to Android, that will add to your learning curve.The cons are that you need to buy a MicroSDHC card.  It's size is both a plus and drawback.  Maybe something an inch smaller would have made it easier to slide into a pants pocket...but I don't think you'd want to sit on it if it were in your jeans backpocket.  My main usage is accessing the internet throughout the day and I occaisionally make phone calls and do texting.  If you're heavy into lots of phone calls and texting as you walk through the mall, then this isn't going to replace your cellphone because you can't just put the Vpad7 into your pants pocket to get to it as quickly as you can the cellphone.  Also, it has a mini USB connection...so for $3 you may want to get a mini to usb adapter.  I don't have one yet, because that thought just occurred to me... :-)Best wishes to you.