I brought the Verizon version for its hardware. I read the Verizon version will work on other carriers but the same is NOT true of the ATT - so for me its was protecting the resale value.Love the LTE speed.I got the 32 Gb version since the 16 is way to low for me for the books and magazines I read.In a pinch I can use the tethering feature on it if my cable goes out and I dont think verizon cares - as long as I dont suddenly spike on my data usage.  The same cant be said of ATT.The ipad itself is so much easier to handle.  Its sooo much lighter than the regular iPad. after using it I cant get over how heavy the 10 inch one is.I also had a regular sized 32Gb iPad 3 w/ RD. and sold it to get the asus transformer prime. I got it since it had one feature I wanted, the expandable memory. I loved the Prime at first but it was glitchy and got slower over time.  But it was never quite as smooth as polished as iOS. I guess google needs to work on improving their "photocopier".I started using my wife's iPad one day and just kept using it since it was so much smoother and it never froze up like the prime.I decide to get a mini since it had just come out and it was cheaper. I got the 32 Gb LTE version for a little more than the base regular wi-fi only ipad with 16 Gb.The non-retina display is not a big deal for me even though I had a iPad 3 and a iphone 4 (replaced w/ a 5). The resolution IS better than a non-retina display iPad but not as good as the ipad 4 w/ RD. Bottom line its good enough to watch movies and view pictures or magazines on.The mini with LTE is the perfect size for using as a gps in the car.  Its way bigger than almost all gps provided in any car right now. Plus it doesnt cost +$2K like it does as an option on a car.Its also the perfect size to use to control my TV as a remote for Apple TV, Comcast (although I have the wrong cable box right now), ...Cons: The only down side thats important to me was the lack of expandable memory. But I did find a fix for that.  I use a Seagate GoFlex Satellite Mobile Wireless Storage 500 GB USB 3.0 External Hard Drive STBF500101 Black. It lets me stream wirelessly up to 500 Gb of movies, music or whatever to my ipad.  It even works if I dont have a wi-fi signal since it generates its own signal.  And upto 3 devices can watch 3 different movies at the same time. pretty cool.