If there is one glaring flaw with the Ipad it is simply that it has no place beside you when you already own a phone, laptop, and desktop computer. Another toy is just a bit redundant, no matter how flashy and attractive it may be. Despite this the sales are high, but from my personal experience the uses are still fewer than they should be. The main obstacle that stops it from achieving universal "need" is the proprietary limitations. This, gladly, lets other devices step up to the plate to compete.  Leave it to a computer manufacturer, and a reputably cheap one at that, to come up with a viable solution. The Acer Iconia W500 is a brilliant device.  I believe there is a large confusion concerning the nature of this Tablet PC. Reviewers give it a low score when compared with the simplicity and speed of other tablets, and computer enthusiasts look at the low specs and scoff. For the record let me state that this device is not only underrated, but probably the unsung powerhouse of the year.  The Iconia windows tab features the full blown Windows 7 Home Premium 32-bit edition at your fingertips. This has negatives, as have been grossly poked at in many other reviews, but let me focus on the positive points. Windows can run nearly anything, browse nearly anything, watch nearly anything, listen to everything, and perform work related tasks like it was supposed to. The processor, the delightfully new AMD C-50 APU (Fusion tech) is one powerful chip. The dual 1 GHz processor had me worried, but the dedicated graphics and overall performance is incredible. Full HD video, 3D games, and many more options present themselves flawlessly. More on that later.  For the major downside, the Windows keyboard input, this device solves the problem with the included dock, a brilliant design choice. While top heavy, the keyboard types fluently and has yet to freeze the device when hooked up in a pinch for me. This is a stable PC. For me the largest flaw is actually the Hard Drive. While for other tablets sporting 32 GB might be laudable, this device cannot operate extensively with such a low limit. I consider myself a gamer and sport some titles that would easily fill up the remaining space (around 17 GB available on first startup) with one mighty swallow. That being said, however, if you can get a game on this computer they usually run very well.  I was utterly shocked when Half-life 2 ran at an acceptable framerate at near highest settings. My jaw dropped farther when Heroes of Might and Magic 5: Tribes of the East ran silky smooth at the highest settings available. I would like to see an Ipad try either games.  I highly recommend this machine as a laptop replacement and tablet with amazing performance for everything from tablet level gaming to word processing and web browing. Video is spectacular, and the touch interface snappy and smooth.