I bought this tablet for my mother as a birthday present.  I didn't think not having Android Market access would be a big deal.  I didn't think that only running Android 2.0 would be a big deal.  Well, after trying to set this thing up for her over the past week, I've learned that both of those things are HUGE deals.The Cruz market has slim pickings when it comes to applications and many other third party app locations link to the Android Market, which you cannot access to download from.  Searching for apps that work on Android 2.0 has been a challenge to put it mildly.  I've installed and un-installed so many times from this tablet that it spontaneously reboots itself and has a weird static noise that emits from the speakers occasionally.  I think it may be associated with another app that isn't working properly...The pros are that the screen resolution and responsiveness are decent, the battery life is phenomenal and the price is right.  It is a sturdy well made tablet and has a nice design.  My mother will mainly be using this tablet to play games, surf the net, check email and read books, so I think it will work out well for her.I've installed ADW Launcher on this Cruz, as well as Fancy Widget (for clock and weather), BetterCuts, AppOrganizer, Advanced Task Killer Pro, Advanced Task Manager and several games that include Jewels, Bubble Popper Pro, Minesweeper for Android, Solitaire and Sudoku.  Some games built for later versions of Android will run, but they are small and justified to the upper left hand portion of the screen which looks odd.  Your best bet is to search for apps that run on Android 1.6.If you're looking for a color e-reader, ability to check email and surf the internet in a portable device that is priced right, this one is for you.  For the more advanced android tablet user, I suggest looking elsewhere... I'll personally be waiting for the Asus eeePad MeMo (June $499) or the Aluratek Cinepad (April $299) to come out.EDIT:  This tablet turned out to be a HUGE disappointment.  I ended up replacing it with a Flytouch III running Android 2.2 purchased for the same price!