So, I have used Archos products for the last 8 years, I used some of their first hard drive based MP3 players and later the PMA-400, which in 2006 had wifi, audio, video, etc.  I've never been very impressed with their operating systems on their media players, so I was excited when I saw they decided to go with Android 1.5.Android 1.5 seems to work very well on this system, at least relative to their prior OS.  It's not as fast or as smooth or perhaps as stable as an iPad's OS, but in my opinion it's a small sacrifice to save $300+ (to upgrade to an iPad).  One of the best features of this device is its use as a book reader.  Literally within 15 minutes, I had downloaded an .EPUB file from Barnes and Noble's website to my desktop and then copied to the Archos mounted on my PC.  The preinstalled book application, Alkido, was able to easily import the file and within minutes I was reading.  HOWEVER, the only .EPUB files you can view through any Android based ebook readers are ones without DRM (digital rights management).  The samples from B&N; do not include DRM.  The actual books when purchased, however, do.  This means you CANNOT USE THIS TABLET CURRENTLY TO READ ANY .EPUB BOOKS DOWNLOADED FROM SITES LIKE BARNES AND NOBLES.  There are thousands on non-DRM books available for free which are easily accessed within the Alkido application, however, and this is enough for me.The screen size on the Archos is just about perfect.  The iPad is too big, the iPod/iPhone too small, this is just right for videos, web surfing, and certain book reading.  Speaking of web surfing, the interface is a little awkward at first, but you get used to it.  It's also maybe a tad slow surfing the web, though the appslib and slideme android application browers run fine.The video and audio playback seem to work well too, though I haven't tested any 720p media. The one final thing I want to mention here is the touch screen -- it's not close to the quality of the iPad, which I have used fairly extensively.  It's crucial to carefully calibrate it at startup or you may have typing issues.