There's little I can add to all the tech stuff that's been covered extensively here, so I'll review it from the perspective of a first-time tablet owner.And of course, as that guy the thing foremost on your mind is: should I have gotten an iPad?  The reason I was easily talked into this vs. the iPad was the price.  Roughly around half, although now it's down to around $300, apparently.  Do I regret my decision?HELL NO.First: the one potential drawback to having a non-iPad tablet is obviously lack of iTunes.  Not a problem, though, if you have Google music or, in my case, I simply uploaded all my music to the Amazon cloud, so, ouila!  Problem solved.Highlights:-The display is beautiful-Books are wonderful to read on a 10" display-The touch sensitivity is excellent-The variety of outputs for a tablet is pretty cool-It plays EXTREMELY well with Google, Google maps, Google mail, etc.-The Amazon Kindle application (for e-books) works flawlessly on this-Video games look stunning-It has a solid, well-built feel-It seems to pick up wireless no matter where you are with little hassle-You can attach a keyboard either via wire or Bluetooth-Typing on a tablet keyboard stinks, but you can download a "cellphone keyboard" app which splits the keyboard in two (like you're texting on your phone, holding the tablet on either side--i.e., thumb typing) which speeds up typing notably.  Not as fast as a keyboard, but definitely workable-Pandora and Spotify work perfectly on this thing-The battery life is great (although I don't watch a lot of video)Drawbacks:-Some video, depending on the source, can be a bit slow and/or grainy (when streaming).  This may be because it's non-HD or simply the processing speed-Some people may think it's too heavy-It is a fingerprint MAGNET.  Not sure if that's the case with all tablets, but after any session with this thing you need to wipe it down.  Perhaps a stylus is the solution.Seriously outside of that I can't think of anything to not recommend it.  As a do-everything, mid-priced tablet you really can't ask for more.  It doesn't FEEL mid-priced or lacking in any way.I don't feel like I'm missing a thing.  I will buy an iPad when I get a MacBook and want everything integrated.  Until then, this thing is just perfect.