I'm an Apple guy but I've also made many attempts to embrace Android as I like to keep my tech options open. Try as I might, every Android phone I've had has been a huge disappointment. Sorry, Droid Heads, iPhone is king for a reason. With that said, I recently switched back to a desktop because my video and graphics work typically slows a laptop down to the point of driving me bonkers. Still, I needed something portable and convenient that also had a screen big enough for web browsing and watching streaming video on the go. I also wanted full e-reader functionality. I was leaning towards a Nook Tablet or low end laptop but the former was a little too stripped down for my needs and the latter would mean dealing with a second Windows PC (one is quite enough, thanks). Sensing that a new iPad was coming at some point in 2012, I wasn't going to drop a pretty penny on the current model and then have it outmoded six months from now. After doing a ton of research and having such great luck with Acer flat screens, I purchased the A500 a few weeks ago. On every level it has exceeded even my best expectations. It is exceptionally well made and very sleek/sexy. The touch screen is bright, responsive, colors are brilliant and images are crisp and sharp. The Nvidia Tegra2 processor is lightening fast and even though I am not a big tablet/phone gamer (I'm an Xbox guy on that front) I have been blown away by the graphics and game play on the HD games (a couple of which come free on the tablet). Some of the reviews here are outdated...Netflix works just fine on the A500 and the free Netflix app has been flawless since I downloaded it. I use the Dolphin HD browser (another free download) for a truly desktop-like web experience. If you want to have even more fun, buy a micro-HDMI to HDMI cable (they are less than $10 here on Amazon) and connect the tablet to a big screen. I use mine with a 32" Sony Bravia and the image is eye popping. In fact, the HD image quality of a movie I rented in the Android market was as good as the HD from my Xbox, Hulu+ and Apple TV. Sound quality is remarkable for a tablet at this price point and even more incredible with headphones plugged in. The only slight disappointment is a so so still camera but I'm not using this to replace my Nikon. If you want a first class tablet for less than $400 that actually gives the iPad a run for its money, you'll be a happy camper with the excellent entry from Acer.