*Update 1/13*I've had my tablet for quite some time now, & so far I've had it replaced twice (software issue, not good!) but it was under the warranty, & Le Pan was amazing & kept me in close contact through the whole process (yay!).This one has lasted me a while, the one thing that I experienced with all 3 tablets is that it will freeze & restart when the battery gets just below 50%. Doesn't happen all the time, but it can get annoying when I need to check my callendar or something like that. I don't think any tablet will be perfect (or any electronic, for that matter), you just have to figure out what features are most important to you & go with it. My husband has an android phone & it is SUPER handy to share documents, callendar events, shopping lists, & so many other things. If you have the right apps, it can be a huge time saver. My husband & I can focus on more important things than arguing about the shopping list, how much money we have- or have spent, the plans for this weekend, or our daughters' physical therapy schedule. :)I've been shopping for a tablet for about 10 months now and I was agonizing over it because I am a mother & it is super hard for me to spend money on myself. I am SO GLAD I found this gem so to make this review actually useful I will show u some of my criteria for a functional tabletReal Android marketBuilt in GPS (no wifi needed yay!)Large screen for easy typeing (very useful at my last conference!)Capacitative (is that what it's called? Lol) screen NOT resistive so I'm not pounding on the thing when I type :)Google callendar & contacts so I can access them from any computer (in case of emergency)Long battery lifeP.s. I read in other reviews comments of the screen being too reflective & shows fingerprints so I bought a screen protecor (which a good choice anyway) & the problem was solved! My daughters watch movies on it & they share it just fine. The screen is big enough so I can set it up & they dont need to squeeze their faces in close like with our ipod :)One last note: think about having a data plan on a phone (thats super tiny, & hard to see) paying $30 min. a month for a two year contract thats $720! Pay this price one time & you can keep it as long as you like :) Yes, you don't have internet everywhere, but with the right apps you can work around that :)no glitches experienced that I haven't had with any normal pc