A few years ago I read an interesting article by the developer of the Palm Pilot.  He described how he walked around the office with a block of wood to help him imagine what it would be like to carry and use a working PDA.  We have all walked around with a legal pad or something like it.  I think the Apple designers did this, too.  But with a little more awareness than most of us have.  The iPad is the result of this awareness.  I wangled mine at the beginning of this Christmas week and have had a few days to carry it around.  Here's what I think:The main advantages from my point of view: - Screen size.  As big as a piece of paper--not cramped like my iPhone screen. - Weight.  Just like a legal pad with a cover.  Maybe just a little heavier. - Keyboard.  Big enough to type with two hands.  Two fingers, in my case, but still... - Apps.  All iPhone's supported, with 2x mode for those that don't adapt to the big screen. - Convenience.  Type notes, documents, dissertations anywhere without setting up a laptop. - Newspapers.  I didn't think that screen size mattered for news apps, but it does somehow. - Web browsing.  As good as a desktop; better than iPhone special interface apps. - Pictures and movies. Wow!The minor disadvantages: - The size.  No complaints, but it is less convenient to carry than my iPhone.  Well, of course it is. - No split screen.  I really would like to have two apps side-by-side. - Not a laptop replacement.  This is fine--but don't kid yourself.  Keep your laptop. - Not an iPhone replacement.  Not small or convenient enough.  Also no phone. - Too shareable.  Unlike an iPhone, which is clearly personal, people feel free to borrow it.  Grrr! - Too pricey.  Worth it, but just barely.  Somebody at Apple is very good at figuring price points.I'm glad I got it and I don't think I will change my mind.  I think I will keep using it to write on the metro, in front of the TV--like I am now--and other places where using the laptop doesn't quite work.  And, as when I first got my iPhone, I will temporarily turn into more of an app junkie to find the coolest ones.  They're only a buck, right?  Mostly.