This tablet is awsome!!! Lets start with the good:Excellent graphics.Screen is responsive and accurate.Tegra processor is very fast.Full size USB.Android (customize it the way you want)Micro SD up to 32gb.Bluetooth, WiFi, GPS.Acer has placed their own widgets that link to screens that are catagorized, ie...social, multimedia. You can't delete them but you can remove them from the home screen and replace them with whatever apps you want. Overall the Acer interface is okay. The included Acer Clear.fi works as advertised. It recognized my 4tb home NAS after a few minutes and was able to browse, download and stream with minimal issues(more on that in the bad section).Now for the bad:Android Honeycomb, only in the sense that it is new and still has some bugs. I am sure it will get better as time goes by. Most of the issues with this tab seem to be software driven, such as apps force closing. To be honest if you are running an app designed for a four inch phone with different hardware you should expect some issues.I have not had any of the issues reported in other posts such as the screen turning on and off on its own.Be aware there is absolutely no users guide for this tab. The supplied guide from Acer is pathetic. If you have never used the Android system you may be lost at first.Native suport for video files is poor so you will need to download a third party app for most formats. Arc media or Moboplayer would have you covered for just about all the formats. This may change with the upcoming software update in June.Overall this is a great tab. I tried the Zoom and I can't see why anyone would spend more for what I consider a lesser tab. The Asus Transformer is the only other tab close but you have to fork out another $150 to get a USB port. As for the keyboard my bluetooth one works great, and you can pick one up for much less than $150.I won't compare this to the Ipad as this tab is based on the open source platform, not a closed system. If you like to customize things your way, and you are not afraid to experiment, this tab is for you. If you want slick packaging, and limited functionality without paying extra, get an Ipad.