I was very disappointed when I finally got my hands on this ipod touch with a big screen, a "magical device". Simply put there is nothing magical about it. I have been using a windows-based tablet since 2003, and it has more advanced technology and capability than apple's 2010 Ipad. The biggest paradox is that despite people calling this the apple ipad tablet, it's not a tablet at all, you can't take hand-written notes on it. The one thing that would have been able to define a new category of device would have simply been that. Furthermore there is:no camera,no usb ports,no easy way to organize a file system and transfer/copy,no easy way to print your files, no interaction with office productivity software (Office),the on-screen keyboard is not practical,the screen resolution is 4:3 so you see movies with huge black bars,there is no HDMI out so you can't connect it to your new LCD,no card readers for your photos,no flash support for websites (rendering 50% of the web useless),there are wifi issues (connections dropped),the screen is glossy so you can't read on it outdoors,no multitasking supportridiculously low storage space (even netbooks have over 200gb now)it's very fragile and slippery in your hands (one drop could kill the screen)it will set you back $600 (the price of a full-featured laptop)I could go on for a while but I'll just stop here. What is frustrating is that Apple obviously has the technology to include these things easily, so it was purely a short-term business decision on their end. For the moment, they are blatantly exploiting certain consumers' willingness-to-pay for the ipad. They are taking advantage of their brand recognition and marketing power to extract revenues from a purposely made sub-par product. The only way to stop this type of behavior is to either stop buying bad products (sounds easy but people aren't always rational), or wait until competition kicks in over the next six months. I hope this business plan doesn't come back to bite them in the end, in my opinion they are definitely playing with fire on this one.On the plus side because of these omissions, it's simple (a grandma could use it), it's fast (but this is because it doesn't run a real operating system) it has ok battery (9 hours) and it's thin (although not light, you will get tired of holding it after 5 minutes).In one sentence: You're paying $600-1000 for a semi-portable web-browser which gives you access to about 30% of the web.Hope that helps you make up your own mind, I returned mine after 48 hours.