Although advertised as superior and significantly more updated than the original iPad, the iPad 2 is not all that different than its recent ancestor. A categorical comparison quickly reveals that the quick release and updates were unnecessary in such a short amount of time. For new buyers, by all means get the iPad 2 and the updated features. However, for those owners of an original iPad, do not waste $500 buying this "new and improved" product, because the $600 original you are holding in your hands right now is essentially the same.For starters, the dimensions for both products are the same, with the exception of the width. The iPad 2 is 0.16 inches thinner than the original, resulting in a 0.15-pound decrease in weight. Both devices have the same amount of storage, however the iPad 2 has double the amount of RAM memory performance, which leads to faster download times and less of the "checkerboard effect."  Both devices include models with Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi + 3G and Bluetooth capabilities. The displays are the same size and both feature the fingerprint resistant oleophobic coating. The processor on the iPad 2 features the Dual-Core A5 chip, whereas the original only has the A5 chip, but upon consistent use, the speed appears to be about the same. The original iPad uses the Mac iOS 4.2.1 operating system, which is just a step down from the iPad 2's iOS 4.3 operating system, and few differences are noted, and nearly none are experienced.The one feature that Apple is heavily marketing is the user's ability to FaceTime another iPad 2 user. Although this is cool, is it really worth spending an extra $500 if you already own an iPad? Why not just use your iPhone? Or Skype? Apple is also talking up the iPad 2's 10-hour battery life. They must be hoping no one does their research, because the original iPad has the exact same battery life! The iPad 2 also features a new, smart cover. What's really "smart" about an electronic device cover, I'm not entirely sure. I own an original iPad black leather cover and I think it's pretty smart too.If you are reading this review and do not own an iPad at all, by all means go for the new iPad 2. It's fast, skinny and features a camera and FaceTime abilities. However, if you already are the proud owner of an original iPad, do not waste your money. If it only took Apple one measly year to release an iPad 2, it probably won't take much longer to release an iPad 3 or 4. By that time, maybe the updates will actually be worth burning a hole in your wallet. For now, my suggestion is save your money, cherish your original iPad, and wait until an "upgraded" product comes along that actually presents some significant improvements.