I bought my iPad shortly after it came out.  I thought it would be good for traveling and it was an interesting toy.  I got to take it on a trip to Vancouver in August.  It worked out great.  I got Zinio so I could get a bunch of magazines to read on the plane.  The screen is good (would have said very good before the iPhone 4 came out) for reading and the magazines came out sharp.  Watching a movie on the plane with an iPad is great.  The large screen and the smallness of the iPad overall make it easy to leave on the tray.  The trip was adhoc and we had a rented car to drive around the area.  I had TomTom for navigation but it didn't seem to work on the iPad.  Luckily I had TomTom on my iPhone.  I don't know if it is something wrong with the iPad or the software.  I had a hotel for the first two days of our trip.  After that it was always easy to get on wifi at the hotels we stayed at.  I got data roaming for the trip.  Had no problem using Roger's network in Canada.  The iPad makes it easy to change travelling plans.  For instance I hiked along a river to see a fall when a jet boat went by running the rapids.  Looked like fun and after thinking more about it looked it up at a park bench.  We found the company running the boat and took it the next day.  We went to Victoria and it was nice even waiting for the ferry to look up what we should have done before waiting for an hour for the ride.  Wifi and cellular were great in Canada.  Flash was an issue for only one site and that was for WestJet checkin the night before leaving.  I thought luckily the hotel had a internet kiosk but it was running Linux and Flash wasn't running on it.  At the airport I literally saw some display for the flight times running Flash displaying errors.  I cracked up.  WestJet did end up being easy to get around.  They actually have a mobile site and you can check in there without Flash.  I did that though on my iPhone.  Don't know if I could have gotten to it with the iPad.  I didn't try.  1Password with Dropbox is a great combination to keep passwords around so that you can check things on your trip.  I take a ferry to work every day.  I use iAnnotate to read pdf documentation after checking out the WSJ.  I use it every day during the week.  It's a great device and seems quite able to grows into new tasks.