Steve Jobs states that 'FLASH crashes and is buggy on the iPad'. Instead of blaming Flash, Steve, just admit that the problem is with the iPad not being able to handle Flash, and not t'other way round. The processing power of the iPad is just fine for most things, but it's just too slow for full-on Flash applications and movies. Don't blame already proven and successful technology for not working on something you've made that is technically inadequate. It reminds me of when children say, 'I can do that too, I just don't feel like doing it!'What Steve Jobs doesn't want to utter, is that the iPad just isn't powerful enough to do everything we want it to.Let's also not forget that such decisions are driven by the need to protect Content Revenue. Instead of delivering a product that you'd fully enjoy using, the only thing on Steve's mind is 'How much can we squeeze out of the punters on this one?' Okay, he's in business, and profits must be made, but if the profits are more important than user satisfaction, why should anyone feel any kind of loyalty to such a brand?If you've already bought the first-version iPad, you may love it, but there will of course be countless others who'll feel cheated not far down the line, when a much more powerful version is launched. Apple play the same trick time-after-time. Release the Basic Version, and when all the hype and sales start to slow, release a much better version that should and could have been released in the first place. This is because Apple knows that those who bought the basic version are so in love with Apple, they will happily fork-out for the better version too. One user - two sales. Cunning.In my opinion, Apple are happy to take advantage of almost fanatical loyalty and snob-factor in it's users to make an extra buck. Some may be proud to be an Apple Nut, but they're being taken advantage of in a very clever and cunning way. Style over Functionality.Steve; beef-up the processor, include a camera, memory slot and I/O ports, and stop this childish excuse for an excuse for not including Flash. Just be honest about it - your iPad isn't capable of running Flash. Not yet..