I've had my device for 4 months now and its working like a charm. The file access to internal memory and full size sd card is easy but a little disorganized, but once you figure out the OS (esp the long click) it becomes much better. The same can be said about the full size usb slot. The keyboard is well laid out, one of the better of the Android devices I've seen, and it has Swype tech that works quite well. It is as fast, maybe faster, than the other devices that I looked at at the time of purchase and the docking stand is a worthwhile addition for charging, viewing, storage and many other reasons.The complaint about having to reboot after sleep seems to have been fixed in an ota update. It hasn't happened to me. Other than that, the rubber back gives excellent grip making it extremely easy to handle, though I've put a skin over the whole case from Gellaskin.com which, despite the ribbed back, looks great and stays on.Another complaint I've heard about is about the size. This for me is probably the biggest feature of this tab. When my kid dropped it after after getting over excited about some game he was playing, I was able to open the back and reseat the battery pack! That alone justified choosing this device over the other slicker "looking" sealed devices.The cameras work fine and the video is satisfactory, but I don't tend to use them much. It also works fine with Skype, though you have to hold the tab extremely still or the image blurs. I don't know if this is due to the device, limitations of Skype, bandwidth, or some combo of all three, but adds another reason to have the stand.The only real drawback for me is the old school power chord. It looks like overstock from an old laptop. A little disappointing (again,a reason for the stand; I can hide the chord but still easily charge the tab). Another minor complaint is the little led's. They are a little bright and can be distracting, but I've gotten used to them now, so, meh... If they really bothered me I could always cover 'em up.The only other complaints I have are with Android, and thus have nothing to do with the device itself. Toshiba have done a good job of meshing the hardware to the OS.Jon.