First of all before buying a tablet of any kind (Apple or other) you should set your expectations correctly. This is not a laptop/netbook or a desktop.Review for: iPad 2, 32gb 3G White with smart cover.Good:- IOS is the only stable tablet OS available right now in my opinion, yes android may be able to multi-task better but 99% of users will not know the difference. As for stability IOS (Apple) is miles ahead of Google.- Tons of tablet optimized applications, I have around 20 that I use regularly and never had a problem with any of them.- Zinio iPad application, if you are a Zinio subscriber the iPad is the best way to read your magazines. Much much faster than using even a desktop and also much more pleasant to read and use.- Can play pretty much any kind of video (including avi, mkv and others)if you install AVPlayerHD and output via HDMI. No stutter like on current batch of honeycomb tablets, at least in 720p which I use...- Great keyboard (virtual).- Battery we get around 11 hours on a charge with wifi on.- Stanby is even better you can most likely leave the tab unplugged and come back a week later to use it. If android phones are anything to go by android tablets probably don't have anywhere near the same standby performance. (can't remember the number of times I forget to plug my android phone at night and wake up with it dead, while my wife never plugs her iPhone and )Could have been better:- Flash support would have been good but I can live without it and quite frankly I just wish flash would go away from the web. Its not secure, is a resource hog and basically not very good technology in my opinion.- An sd card slot for expanding memory or keeping your music/movie collection on. So far I did not see a need for this but could be something I miss in the future.I don't like (in general for all Apple IOS devices):- Can only sync to one computer and the iTunes on that computer. What if you have more than one computer ? or quite simply want to load something at work and you are synced with a computer at home ? Your only choice is the cloud and even then you are limited with what you can put on the iPad.Summary very much like the iPad 2 and just ordered a second one as my wife has taken ownership of the current one. She uses it for work now and pretty much never touches her laptop... She is a university teacher, psychologist and researcher. The iPad is perfect for most of her needs from reading research documents to taking notes and light document writing.