I have had my A500 for over 5 weeks now and I have to say that I am very impressed. I bought an ASUS Transformer to use at work a couple months back and liked it so much that I decided to get an Android tablet for myself but I chose the Acer for a couple reasons. I like the aluminum finish better than the plastic finish of the ASUS. The A500 just feels more durable to me when compared to the Transformer. But my main reason for going with the A500 is the full size USB port built into the tablet itself. Which means you can plug all sorts of USB goodies into it like keyboards, mice, flash drives, and I haven't tried this yet but external HDDs (the external HDD has to have it's own power supply) are suppose to work as well. As far as keyboards and mice go I have used the Logitech Wireless Combo MK260 with Keyboard and Mouse (920-002950) with the A500 and both the keyboard and mouse worked flawlessly. I've tried a few random Dell and Microsoft mice and keyboards and all worked with no problems. Overall the Tablet works great. The screen looks fantastic, vibrant and super easy on the eyes. It took me a little bit to get used to the tweaks and slight differences of Honeycomb 3.2 compared to using Froyo 2.3.3 on my Droid X but it is all very easy to figure out. Its a great tablet and I highly recommend it.As some others have said the WIFI is a little weak signal strength wise but it hasn't been a problem for me yet. I've have had the wifi just stop working on me twice so far but rebooting cleared it right up. Like any computing device, it is recommended to reboot every couple of days if nothing else to clear the memory. The manual is fairly worthless and the Acer website for the most part is seriously lacking. Oh and I can't for the life of me figure out why, but Acer doesn't include a file browsing app. But luckily there are numerous file browsing apps on the market that are either free or really cheap. I use "File Manager HD" by Rhythm software which is free and it works great. The tablet specific apps are still a little thin on the market but most phone apps work fine with more tablet apps showing up everyday.