This is a great device. It  has become my favorite bedtime gadget. Actually I have ended sleeping later due to my ViewSonic tablet. With my 'g tablet' I can read, hear online music, trade stocks, play games. I miss a few Windows facilities, but overall is a great device.Some great features:*Low cost compared to similar tablets.*A beautiful screen - which I think is better than those of other brands. The view darkens when you tilt the tablet away, but is only a minor inconvenience. Great definition and color.*The fact that you can personalize the dashboard (desktop) by sliding in what you want to view in each frame is great.*Great sound chip and good speakers which give very pristine sound to the classical music I usually hear.*Fast processor.*Light enough.*Great to have so many free Android apps available.*Easy to use controls, although I would prefer they would be placed on the upper frame instead of the right side frame, for I tend to close webpages or apps accidentaly with my thumb.*I love to have the mini-SD slot and a USB port.*Easy to use and intuitive configuration controls, which allow you to uninstall apps very easy.*Very good battery, with a charge indicator in view.*A very useful pending task or ongoing task indicator, very handy when controlling download and installation of new apps.*Very intuitive web browser controls and navigation.*Two choices of main window design: a classic Windows type one, and a dashboard type with three different setups which you can choose by sliding horizontaly with your finger.*Easy interface with your PC with the included cable. Great to download music or files to your tablet.Few cons:- Sometimes, when I am changing apps very quickly the tablet freezes: by keeping the on button down it shuts down and you can star again.-It takes some time after your daily startup to get your internal music organized and accesible.. but only for about a minute.-Setting up YouTube is a problem, as is getting to use your Gmail account: ironic given Google is the creator of the operating system Android..... :(- The keyboard configuration is English US or English UK (I didn't know they used different layouts!). This is annoying for my original language is Spanish.These cons are the reasons for giving the ' g tablet' only four stars. However would give it 4 1/2 * if I could.