I've had the Archos 7 Home Tablet for about a week now. Takes a bit of getting used to. Archos' version of Android 1.5 is a bit weak compared to 1.6 or 2.0. No Google Apps support, but you can still get 75% of available apps through other sources. Members of ArchosFans.com have developed "unofficial" OS builds that support Google Apps, but this voids the warranty.I got it to play videos and music, and it has not disappointed. The 7" screen is heaven when compared to the Apple Touch (and it plays downloaded Flash videos). Battery seemingly lasts forever (not really, but I can spend the day watching videos, jam to mp3's, check my email 100x a day, do a bit of surfing and still have 30% battery power left).Wi-Fi connectivity is easy, so is email setup. I found the just released Opera Mini 5 does a far better job for both surfing and email, and you can sync data with your Opera desktop browser. Wi-Fi search is comprehensive, and if you have a home network it does a great job linking to it. You can map shared drives for file transfer (does not stream data)!Expansion is limited to microSD cards (max 32GB). Limit you app/email/e-book/etc collection until you get the additional SD card (get several if you can, it's easy to just keep adding music/videos/photos and data). Besides the case, accessories are wanting - nothing, zippo! USB cable (A to B) is file transfer only. Battery charging is by adapter only (although you can buy the USB charger for the Archos 3G and charge through desktop/laptop USB).Software is a bit wanting, as I mentioned. The Archos uses AppsLib (be careful as most developers do not provide details about their apps), do a Google search to get additional info before installation. Installed apps include: Aldiko (e-books), Alarm Clock, Calculator, Email, ColorNotes (notepad), generic Video Player, Photo Viewer, Audio Player, Sound Recorder, and Music (jukebox), and finally the crummy browser. Besides the App Window, there is also a 3-panel Homepage allowing plenty of room to layout your "desktops"!I guess my biggest complaint is the touchscreen. It a resistive screen, and calibration takes a lot of finesse! Take you time, try applying different pressures. If you get incorrect launches, or incorrect letters when typing, re-calibrate.Overall, it's a very nice product. It wasn't meant to replace your laptop. You need to understand what it does, and what it does not. Be weary of "puffing" sellers, go to [...] to get accurate info. Like any relationship you want to last, it takes time to get used to each other. Besides the cash, invest some time, the rewards are worth it.If you need something more robust and expandable, wait a few months more. Should be a slew of rollouts for more muscular tablets. But at $200, it's great at the beach or by the pool.The Archos 7 Home Tablet(HT) get a 4 stars our of 5!