If you are looking for an iPad clone, this really isn't the best choice.  It seems to be better geared toward business users.  The unit is a little on the bulky size, but it is very much justified, due to its features.  The full sized (ie. normal) USB port, HDMI port and SD chip slot make the Toshiba Thrive very useful for those that need to have greater access to personally generated content, without needing a web connection.  Although the onboard WLAN appears to be pretty strong (as I was able to receive a signal from across a town square, when I was travelling in Europe recently), the Thrive's greatest strengths are its ports, which allowed me to connect thumb drives, USB hard drives, a USB hub, and many other devices, without difficulty.  The Thrive has excellent connectivity and for the most part, works with most Android software.  The only major siftware I have had to pay for was QuickOffice's Pro Edition, so I could edit MS Office documents on the road.  As a matter of functionality, even when using the on-screen keyboard, the interface is very smooth, responsive and accurate, without any of the annoying suggestive spelling issues that pop-up with Apple products.The battery life is much harder to figure out.  When playing video, the tablet has lasted through 10 hour flights, and depending on what software is open (and whether the WLAN is switch on or not), the standby time lasts anywhere from 3-4 days.  The Thrive has a very fast charging speed (less than 90 min, and appears to charge up to 80% in the first 45 minutes), which makes up for a lot of the power related issues.The video playback is very sharp, even when using movies that were previously sized for my iPod Touch and moving to a larger screen.  Playback is smooth and generally in sync.  The audio is fine, still better with headphones, but the onboard speakers are surprisingly loud.The camera takes nice photos, but is a little oddly placed.  Not a big deal.  .  .If you can live with the slightly thicker unit, its very competitively priced and a well performing unit.  If you are a person that creates or edits content, this is the unit for you.  .  .  If you are a content consumer, then the Samsung Galaxy tabler or the iPad may be a better option.  I am very happy with my purchase though.  .  .