As someone who has commuted an hour in each direction in/out of NYC for 25 years - the ground-breaking/innovative iPad TRANSFORMS the "daily grind" into a lightweight JOY of an experience. And by now, we have all heard the tales of people who have never used a computer (including Senior Citizens and the autistic) whose worlds have been opened up and expanded by the intuitive comfort level of the iPad."Back in the day" - my Commuting Gear included a briefcase/backpack, 2" Daily Planner, Cassette or CD Walkman, associated Cassettes/CD's, a Book, and current magazines, plus any necessary files, etc... for work, and later - a 15" laptop.HEAVY - even as late as 2007 !TODAY - Calendar, Contacts, Reminders, Notes, iPod/Music, iBooks, Newsstand, iBooks (again) are all = iPad !Files are now PDF's - which I store either in the iPad's iBooks App, or on a USB Flash Drive.The Original First Generation iPad does have a slower processor than current models, but for most day-to-day use (including video), you will not notice any difference in performance. It will successfully support all versions of iOS through iOS 5.1.1The 64 GB capacity is what I would recommend to anyone who has a "healthy" music or video library already in iTunes. While books, magazines and apps are relatively small in size, they WILL "add up" and you'll appreciate the small investment in the extra storage capacity so you truly can "take it all with you."On the other hand, I would only recommend investing in the 3G Connectivity if you are a commuter who is not regularly within range of a Wi-Fi HotSpot. I owned my iPad for almost a year before activating the 3-G, and that was only when Wi-Fi would no longer work on my local train. If you do choose the 3-G option, be VERY mindful when using the 3-G. Use "Settings" to turn it on ONLY when Wi-Fi is not available, and be conscious about what you do while on the network. Streaming Video, File Downloads, etc.. will quickly BURN through any Data Plan. If you are mindful - you will be able to get by with the smallest $15/month data plan (...but even that adds up to apx. $200 a year....)I would strongly recommend the "skin tight" Original iPad Case, which SECURELY and elegantly holds the iPad, and the "book cover design" affords privacy from (potentially) prying eyes of the commuter sitting next to you, or you can fold it back behind the iPad itself. Of course, it's also perfect for those using their iPad primarily at home on the sofa, or in bed.