Since I bought my 32-gb iPad from Verizon a month ago, my kids and I have been fighting over it (well not really, but eagerly waiting in a queue for our turns). It is such a pleasure to have around, and already we depend on it. We especially enjoy playing games on it, and my kids can check their email and Facebook pages while we are out and about. I have Pages and can word process with ease using the Apple bluetooth keyboard. I like how the MiFi bundle that Verizon offers turns the iPad and both of my children's iPods into internet ready devices anywhere we go. I can even use the MiFi on my Macbook Pro. Obviously the key danger is exceeding one's data plan, and I'm not sure how far 1 gb ($20 plan) will get me and my children in one month. We don't use the MiFi all that much. Mainly it's for quick checking.If you haven't bought the SD card reader and USB port, do so, as this will improve the versatility of the unit.I am disappointed that this device lacks a forward facing camera for video conferencing. Hopefully future models will include one. This is the main reason I am not giving it five stars.I wear bifocals and haver poor "near" eyesight. As much as I love my children's iPods and as much as I would love to have one of the new ones, my eyes just can't focus on tiny graphics. It is indeed wonderful to have a sizable screen. Some of the apps will freeze and need to be restarted. That can get annoying.One of my children is autistic and has a very difficult time on long rides in the car. I've found that the privilege of playing with the iPad can help him a lot. My kids and their friends also delight in the "pass and play" games that one can buy inexpensively at the app store. Many a drive has been saved and tempers maintained with this wonderful thing.Having owned and played quite a bit with an iPod, I must say that the iPad is definitely far more than a larger version. It is a little computer, light and easy to carry, even with the extras that one can buy to go along with it.