I swore up and down I'd NEVER purchase an apple product, including things on itunes and the like.  So far, I have upheld that promise.  However, from a recent car purchase, I managed to obtain an iPad 2 16GB as a promotion.  Since my girlfriend had one and I did want some experience with iOS, I figured I'd begin poking around with it rather than simply selling it.The good...iOS is very easy to use and extremely straight forward.  Everything is laid out nicely and always a flick-tap away.  And most all programs work very well with the unit.  Software tends to be clean without too many bugs.Web browsing (just using Safari) is very smooth.  Most sites work well.  There's the ocational hiccup but it's more from using a touchscreen or the dreaded lack of Flash.  But soon enough, sites will probably migrate away from flash and on towards HTML5 (or simply pages designed for mobile/iPads).Usability, such as typing is very straight forward.  The keyboard is well thought out and works much better than any I've used.  The touchscreen is very responsive too and multi-touch works without a problem.Standby time is awesome and the unit is still functioning (IE gives you push notifications of Skype/AIM/etc)Given the standpoint of say someone's who's very unfamiliar with technology or who doesn't care to spend time "configuring things", this works great.  However, that is not who I am...The bad...You are extremely limited.  Being closed source, some apps simply are not available as they would be for Android or Windows-based tablets (and I mean x86, not Windows 8 RT)  Finding ways to print can be impossible, certain formats may be unreadable, and even simple things such as adding attachments in gmail may be hindered without installing additional apps.No Flash support!!!  As mentioned above, things are moving away from flash.  However, many sites still use flash there for some sites will not display correctly.  You are also limited on sites like Youtube, sometimes being unable to open the same videos you can open on a desktop environment (or even Android devices).Where are my files?!  Stuff just downloads.  You have no choice where to put them.  Download something you don't want to share then start browsing the photos you took using the camera, SURPRISE!Limited connectivity.  Expansion is limited to the propriatary apple plug on the bottom.  No OTG port, no standard USB, no microSD slot, no HDMI.  You can purchase some overpriced devices to give you these functions, but it would be nice to see some of them included.---All in all, it depends on the person whether or not one of these would fit your bill.  My girlfriend loves hers and almost never uses her PCs anymore.  For me, I'll grab mine for basic web surfing and the like, but if I'm doing much typing or any surfing that requires a fair bit of clicking, I still will grab a laptop over this.