So I spent sometime reading all the reviews on this Tablet, and also looking it up online to see what other types of reviews it got.You do get what you pay for. That statement is true.The Tablet itself comes with:Android 2.1 OS.English User ManualGPS AntennaEarphonesAC Charger Adapter 110V-240VDevice is WiFi enabledInternal Hard Drive: 2GB Flash with 2 TF slots for expansion (supports MicroSD 32GB max. But if you have 2 32GB that's 64GB right there)Ports: 2 x USB 2.0, 2 x MicroSD Slots, Mini HDMI, DC Jack, 3.5mm Headphone/Line-Out, RJ45 EthernetVideo support for RM/RMVB, DAT, MPG, VOB, MP4, AVI/MK, TS, FLV, WMV, MOV.Audio support for MP3, AAC, AAC+, EAAC+, WMA, WMA PRO, RA.Picture support for JPG, GIF, BMP, PNG.Supports multiple languages: English, French, Italian, German, Portuguese, Spanish, Turkish, Japanese, Simplified/Traditional Chinese.When I got the Tablet it had a screen protector on it already. The Tablet fired up right out of the box and I was able to make all the updates just fine. WiFi was an easy  setup, took less then a minute. Syncing up gmail/other email accounts and twitter, Facebook was no problem as well.Now some of the reviews say that the screen is not multi-touch and or you have to use your finger nail or built-in stylus for best results. This is not true. When you first get it the screen is hard to use. This is due to the fact the screen is not calibrated to your finger just yet. Go into settings and scroll down to "Touch screen calibrate" it takes less than 30sec to do and from there it works great.Now the other problem I see people are having trouble with, or don't understand is the Tablet not having Flash. You will find most Tablet do not have flash just yet and also most Tablet are running 2.1 not 2.2 update. The reason behind this and Google even stated that the 2.2 updates does not run will on tablet and that it wasn't design for them to begin with. This is also why they pushed back the Honeycomb 3.0 update a few months. Even the new Motorola XOOM does not have Flash and only has few 100 apps it can run at this point. Believe with the next few months Flash will become available along with most apps.Now I have see and heard some people getting lucky with rooting the Tablet or using Ubuntu Linux. But if you mess it up... You have a 200.00 paper weight.I think the only problem I found was the sound system was... Well not that great. But I didn't buy for the sounds system. GPS works fineFor 200 bucks this thing works great and would recommend it to anyone.