I need to share with the world how happy I am with my Nexus.When I purchased it I wasn`t sure if I did a good choice because of the bad reviews talking about factory defects.I was moving to Brasil, so it would be a pain to exchange anything.I couldn`t be more wrong, not only the tablet worked great, but also surprise me.2 months ago I had a serious car accident where my car end up under a bridge into the water, needless to explain that last thing I worried about was my Nexus inside the car.The next day, almost half a day after the accident I went to the car. My brother found the tablet and put it on the backpack. I told him to throw it away, and that had no chance to the thing work again after all that time inside the water.Well my friends, once more I was wrong,Today, almost two months after the accident my brother gets home saying that have a Xmas gift for me.Surprise!!! It`s my Nexus!He told me he put it on rice few hours after finding it, and last week he decided he would give the tablet a try. So he opened it and spend 4 days cleaning the dirty from the inside. And when he finished:Tadam!!!My nexus is working perfectly!!! He didn`t replace any piece, only cleaned it.I can`t tell how amazed and happy I am.I even baptized my nexus Michael Phelps for being such a great swimmer.All my books, apps, musics and pictures are there. Saved like if nothing had happened, just waiting for me to play.Now, yeah! My brother did an outstanding work, he should be hired for a huge tech company, but only a great product could survive more than 12 hours under the water.Besides being my personal 7 inch hero, even before the accident I notice that the touchscreen is great (better than IPAD), the voice response is super cool (I love ask google to google stuff) and the size is perfect. I really enjoy reading on it, and I am the old kind of person who still buy paper book.Before buying it I was worried about space, but I never get even close to my limit of 32gb, and I have a cable that allows me to connect my pen drive on it.So if I can tell anything about this tablet is: My best amazon purchase!I Would recommend it even for Steve Jobs.PS: Real costumer, real history and real fishes were swimming around the tablet under the river.PS2: My car didn`t get such a great review unfortunately.