This is my first time ever writing a review for a product online and I cannot say enough good things about the Asus epl21.  I originally had my sights set on the Microsoft Courier and was bitterly  disappointed when it was shelved. I am so happy now that I didn't cave and just go for a regular laptop (or even *gasp* an iPad)!  The Asus slate is a full fledged computer while still giving you the ability to have fun and be creative. The pros and cons are pretty much what other reviewers have said, but since I would eagerly check out new reviews while waiting to receive my slate (ordered on 2/19, received on 3/11) I will go over them again: Pros:  + Handwriting tool awesome! I tend to  scribble while writing (who doesn't?!) but amazingly the slate gets it right...  though it was after I turned off the auto correct  function, which I recommend.  It's pretty cool to be able to write out documents in Microsoft Word 2010 as well. + Runs windows 7  instead of some mobile OS! Would have liked to have Professional instead of Home but this will work just fine. + Screen resolution is sharp and clear. Watched a movie through Netflix and tried out Youtube no problem. + Runs pc games well (so far tried it with Rollercoaster Tycoon) using a Bluetooth mouse + Accessories a great value. Bluetooth keyboard easy to install, digitizer pen works great, and the folio is very useful (thought had a  strange odor to it initially which went away after a couple of days  of being out in the open). + Incredibly light, even with accessories. Cons:- Battery life of course could be better but the Energizer portable battery charger that another reviewer suggested seems like a good option (and it's only 5.4 ounces).- Have to be super careful with the adapter based on other reviews -I checked and so far here not seen it readily available anywhere right now ...would like to be able to treat it like a regular adapter and not worry about it.- USB cover a bit hard to pry off and device have to be  aligned perfectly to insert. A little difficult to remove as well...- volume a bit low at times All in all, the Asus ep121 is a great buy and I would highly recommend this product.