The first attempt from RIM/Blackberry into the Tablet market has been Sour 'n Sweet.Sour because of the reviews: Much of the media have pounded the Playbook for being a "Half baked product", which I agree considering the original OS (1.02) release.  NO native PIM, e-mail or BBM, lack of apps, buggy Bridge support (more about that later), no autocorrect feature, etc.Sweet:  For users, I think reviews frankly miss the point.  The hardware is solid, very cutting edge, and the new OS is a delight to use.  Based on RIM/Blackberry acquisition of QNX (OS that power car media appliances, rockets, and a long list of "etc") it is ultra stable, a delight to multitask, browsing the internet is a breeze, even use all those flash based content "other" Tablet manufacturers say you really don't need (yeah right!), and now a LOT of new apps and games have been released via App World.Now, Blackberry Bridge.  If you have a BB smartphone, you're in for a treat.  The Playbook connects via Bluetooth to your phone and SHARES your data plan.  Yes, if you have an unlimited plan for your phone you don't need to pay another data plan for the Playbook.  Since OS update 1.0.7 (current OS) most apps can take advantage of Blackberry Bridge as well (think of Facebook, Bing maps, etc).  Also, you get all the PIM features and BBM from your phone replicated in your Playbook.  Whatever you write/send/receive on the Playbook will be in your phone as well.Now to really get your attention, this coming february OS 2.0 is coming for the Playbook.  This should include many new features including native email, PIM features and Android app player.  The last one lets you use Android apps seamlessly on the Playbook's OS (provided they have been repackaged for it, should be a no brainer for developers.  There are UNOFFICIAL ways to get apps to the Playbook though)  which should unleash many apps on the Playbook.  I don't give it 5 stars because of the current development of the OS, maybe if the 2.0 OS was around it would be 5 stars.