Unfortunately, I feel like this review will fall upon deaf ears. It's worth a try though, to raise awareness on this awesome product.I'm a mechanical engineer, and whether by training or just personality, I study the crap out of everything I buy. I looked for tablet PCs for my side business of personal coaching for a long time so I wouldn't have to haul around my nice (but large) laptop. The things I needed most were: clean audio/video recording to record coaching sessions, productivity applications (I use lots of Excel tools and keep client files in Word), note taking tools for business and personal use, and a good browsing experience so again I wouldn't have to lug my laptop around everywhere at home either.Does the PlayBook provide solutions for those demands? Absolutely.You don't need 45,000 apps to have a rich user experience. This was never a gaming device for me, and I don't really understand why so many people are buying tablets just for gaming and browsing. I do own a BlackBerry smartphone, my first one, but I now love the brand, and the PlayBook has so far only enhanced that love. It doesn't even take the Bridge to make it very functional.The apps that are available for this (which is expanding now that the Android player inherent in OS 2.0 is out) are powerful. Splashtop Remote Desktop Manager gives me a great option for storing most of my files at home and connecting to it when I need it, and keeping only critical files on either my phone or the tablet itself. The Bridge remote in 2.0 is pretty slick, and I feel like if I ever have to make a presentation in whatever capacity, this will be the tool of choice. Docs to Go is a perfect addition for this product. They work simply, beautifully, and effectively.My one complaint is that I clogged up my RAM a few times due to the fact that sometimes when you swipe an app to close it, it doesn't seem to remove it from the memory. Maybe it's been fixed in 2.0, but I just make it a point to check my free memory every so often and if it's low with no apps running I just restart. Hasn't happened since I discovered the issue though, so likely it's fixed or just a bug of some sorts.Overall, at $500 this is probably still too expensive. Get it for $200-$250 and it crushes the snot out of the Kindle Fire. If you are a professional who needs function over 100,000 apps or games, I believe this is a great product for you.