I bought this for my 12-year-old daughter and was a bit worried, based on the reviews, but the price was right -- got it for $169. I did a bit of research and found that in order to view YouTube and other streaming videos you need some apps. I decided to get it set up and mess around with it a bit in advance of Christmas to avoid frustration on the day and was pretty pleased with what I found. The native Internet browser was pretty speedy and the sample video and music provided looked and sounded great. The apps that the company said were preloaded were there, but hidden in the Files section, but loaded with a couple of clicks -- an eBook reader with access to hundreds of free classic books, a radio service, an e-mail service that I didn't try yet, all loaded with a click or two.The official app library was there too and lets you view top apps and search for specific apps and download directly the Android apps they provide. I downloaded VideoBox, which lets you stream and download YouTube videos (worked pretty well once I figured out I could search it -- you can stream or download to view later, downloading was a bit slow).  There are tons of other apps on the Archos AppLibrary, but you can get others that it doesn't have from other sites. The Skyfire browser, which lets you view streaming video from other sites (though sadly not Hulu), was downloaded to my Mac from PandaApps, then transferred to the Archos with the provided USB cord in just a couple minutes. I was able to watch an episode of a TV show on the CW's website with no lag.  A Quicktime movie file I had on my Mac transferred easily -- just drag and drop, then open from Archos Files, and looked great.I also took the advice on tech reviews and downloaded a task killer to shut down apps not being used to keep browsing fast. All in all, a pretty good little device -- I work online and was able to access my work site and type easily on the on-screen keyboard, though it says you can attach one via USB. The touch screen worked pretty well, it calibrates on initial start-up, the only frustration is when scrolling down, it clicks on the items you're scrolling through instead, so took a few tries to get to what I was looking for on occassion -- a small price to pay.