Reviewing the Motorola Xoom could be a pretty unfair list of things this tablet lacks, so lets get that out of the way right away.The Xoom has an SD slot, but it doesn't work (yet). It has the newest version of Android (Honeycomb), but it is pretty unpolished. It runs tablet optimized apps, but there are only 100 or so of them.OK - with those things, you'd be forgiven if you felt that the Xoom was a bad purchase. But you'd be very, very wrong.The Xoom is in my opinion the first REAL alternative to an Apple iPad. Yes - the Samsung Tab came out last year with Android, but it really was nothing but a big version of their phones. No real tablet apps, a phone style browser and very basic hardware.The Xoom is what Android tablets should be - the right size, awesome battery life, perfect balance of speed and power and a very, very good first version of a tablet OS from Google.Honeycomb really is an amazing OS - if you now Android, you'll find your way around just fine - but enough has been tablet optimized to make it "new" enough to let go of its Android Froyo/gingerbread past. Thankfully, Google kept the best parts of Android in it - but updated things when needed.Things that came from the phone versions: the awesome homescreen with widgets and multiple screens, the notification bar.Things that were radically updated; the browser, the market and the email client.The browser still renders pages brilliantly - they really look just like on your desktop. The email client uses the whole screen, and features side by side folder lists and preview and the market was completely rewritten for tablets. And yes - Flash does make a massive difference -- it means sites actually work instead of just displaying half of their content.The price is a big issue - it isn't too high, but there is no option for a cheaper (16GB) version - you either pay $599, or $799 (for the 3G version).As someone who purchased two of these, I'm not the best person to ask whether the price can be justified - I invested $1200 in them, and I haven't regretted it once. In my opinion, neither will you.In closing, I do have one or two things that annoy me personally - the charger is proprietary, and uses a very small pin. You can NOT charge this over USB, so ignore all the MicroUSB Xoom chargers here on Amazon.