Some people write insanely long reviews.  I have been guilty of it before.  Here's my not so short review.I had a hard time justifying this purchase.  I have a Lenovo Thinkpad Tablet, a 24'' iMac, and 2 PCs I built for gaming.  This computer ABSOLUTELY fills a niche.Good:Easy to lug around in a bag, or in my car, or into a store, to a meeting, wherever.  Very light and portable.I can VPN to my MAC, use it as a remote control for my TV, read PDF books on it (love doing that), play games, and I am finding new cool stuff everyday.  Just today I learned to use it as an emergency GPS!Battery lasts forever.Internet everywhere.  Everywhere there is AT&T; that is.  It is nice to have a computerish device with connectivity anywhere, like at a store where you want to do some price exploring.Best:  Screen.  Unbelievable.  I put a few movies on here in case I fly or use the netflix app and it looks great.Bad:No multitasking.  Apple needs to speed it up, but it's coming. You shouldn't do any heavy multitasking but one thing that is annoying is I had a timer going and logged into another app.  Forgot about it and expected it would still go off when I logged over, but it didnt.No Flash.  Hasn't been very inconvenient yet.  Anyone who has taken any course in web design is taught that you design two sites - one for awesome computers and one for those people who replace a computer every 10-15 years.  Most sites have non-flash, but I have seen a few video/game sites that don't work.  Hopefully Adobe and Apple will rebuddyNo file system.  You need outside apps or cloud storage to save stuff.  Again, I don't expect to do heavy word processing or productivity on here, but would be nice to have a little "fake" drive to save stuff on.No camera.  You can hook up your flash drive or camera through 3rd party devices.  Not ideal Overall:  I love this thing.  I take it everywhere.  I bet the 2nd gen will be even more amazing.  If you are debating, don't hesitate.  Just visit the app store or a "top apps" site and check out the things you can do.  As people raise issues and innovative app designers have fun with newer features, this device will just get more awesome.