I have wanted an iPad for a little over a year now, and I finally have one. I'm actually writing this review with it right now! A lot of people I know have criticized the iPad for being like the iPhone or iPod Touch, and I have to say while a lot of features are similar to my 3GS (don't own a touch), there are a lot of features which differ. I have had so much fun typing the screen of the iPad, I spent hours with the yahoo app talking to one of my friends while I installed my other apps. I am a college student and plan to use the iPad instead of my computer at school so I don't kill my back walking to class. I'm not the most tech savvy, but I know my way around the iPad from having my 3GS and love the simplicity of the device.  Besides, you can't beat the awesome of having almost full functionality of web pages through safari on the iPad. I continually get frustrated with my phone's version. I am not a fully converted Apple person since I still own a Sony Vaio and prefer the solidarity of The Sims 3 on PC. I also used a Mac last semester in school, and I just couldn't get used to it.I also REALLY love how much faster the iPad 2 is compared to the 3GS. It may not be a fair comparison but I also added 6 gigs if ram to my laptop so I could have a faster machine. I hate lag.Oh! Not having adobe flash hasn't fazed me one bit. I don't really understand the argument about that one but the iPad has no trouble playing YouTube videos in safaris browser. It doesn't take you to the YouTube app like on the iPhone. I almost bought the Sony tablet which was recently released but I didn't feel like getting all my apps all over again since  I already own popular ones like angry birds. iTunes on the iPad has similar functionality to the program on the pc, and I'm assuming Mac, and I out most of the songs from my husbands accout in here. I also have never used a honey comb based tablet so iOS and iPad I went. iOS 5 installed in under 30 minutes for me.I have accidentally hit the back button in here twice with the iPad-the screen is extremely sensitive-and I don't think I can leave anything more useful for others considering the iPad, so I'll wrap it up. I got the 32 gig iPad in black and I've had a hard time putting it down. I'm also using a reflex series Otterbox and never plan on removing it from the iPad. I'm leaving a review for that next...but stop reading this! Get your iPad if you want one!