There has been a lot of hype about iPad being a Kindle killer. There are three reasons why the iPad will not make a good book reader. You should be aware of these reasons if you are buying the iPad expecting to read books on it.Reason 1) You will want to read outside and the iPad will not look good outside. Lets face it. Readings a novel is relaxing. Reading outside on a beatiful day is really relaxing. An ebook has to address reading outside. iPad has an LCD screen which will wash out in sunlight. Devices like Kindle and Sony Reader use e-ink technology, a completely different rendering technology, that actually looks better in daylight.Reason 2) iPad is too heavy. The iPad weighs 1.6 pounds. That's about 26 ounces. A Sony Reader and Kindle weigh about 9 to 10 ounces. The iPad weighs almost three times as much. You should be able to hold an ebook with one hand suspended in the air. This will maximize the number of comfortable positions you can achieve with the device. At 1.6 pounds, you will find you cannot hold it up for long with one hand and will have to rest it on something. This severly limits the ergonomic possibilities for the device. You may think this is not important, but you should not overlook how important this is for the reading experience. As matters go, the iPad is not a good device to watch a two hour movie on. Since it is heavy, you will tend to rest it on your lap. That will force you to look down on it. Two hours of doing that, your neck will be sore.Reason 3) Battery life is too short. Ten hours seems like a long time, but for an ebook, it is a hassle to keep it charged to just read, especially when you are on the go. When you toss a small 10 ounce Kindle in your suit case before leaving for a week vacation, you will not have to take the charger, and you will not have to be concerned about plugging it in at the hotel. Devices that use e-ink use power to render the page and to say on standby, but do not use power to leave the page displayed. E-ink devices essentially sip power compared to LCD technology that has to constantly backlight the screen and constantly render the screen. This takes much more power.In iPads defence, iPad could be the better device to read a newspaper. You generally don't read the paper for very long, and you don't read a newspaper linearly like a book. Beautiful layout, color, and multi-touch input could lead to a better newspaper experience. Plus a newspaper is updated daily. An easy way to get daily editions is essential to reading a paper. I think iPad wins out for reading a paper, but not for reading a book.