I purchased this looking for a cheap alternative to a proper Tablet PC, specifically for drawing. The screen on this Lenovo S10-3t doesn't allow for stylus use, defeating the point of my purchase. However, before I sent it back I did play with it for a few hours.At first the machine was *incredibly* slow to respond, touches registered more than a second late, or not at all. I assumed that this was due to a poor quality screen, but after replacing McAfee with avast anti-virus, touches registered properly.The physical design is the worst part of this however. Here are some reasons why.* The S10-3t is built with a recessed screen, presumably to protect it from scratches. However, this ends up with your finger not being able to touch the edges of the screen. This means that, if a window (like your internet browser or a PDF) is maximized, you CANNOT touch the scroll bar to navigate through your document. The only way to do so is to open the netbook to get to the touchpad to navigate. Since this is Windows 7, and not an OS like the iPad which is designed for touch, you *have* to get to this unreachable scroll bar to scroll through documents.* Lenovo attempted to compensate for the above point by making it so that the "Lenovo touch interface" listed above launches when the monitor is snapped into tablet mode. But this software crashes if other programs (tested with MSN Messenger, Adobe Reader, and Google Talk) are open in the background. When it did work, it was slow to respond, and missed several touches and gestures, even after uninstalling McAfee. It also doesn't do web browsing itself, or eBook reading, instead launching the default programs for both. This then leaves you back at the first bullet point mentioned above.* The monitor is supposed to rotate and snap into a "channel" when in laptop mode. In this channel that is designed to hold the screen in laptop mode, there are two plastic/rubber guides that are supposed to allow this to rotate smoothly at the proper angle. Both of these popped off the third time I rotated the monitor. Without these the monitor does not stay in place in laptop mode.* (Minor Complaint) The track pad on this tablet I believe is Lenovo's standard netbook design. The buttons for left and right click are part of the track pad surface. Since this track pad allows multitouch, if you're like me and tend to leave your finger on the mouse button, your cursor will be constantly jumping to the lower left part of the screen.* (Minor Complaint) The adverting makes a big deal of multitouch, it's even selected as one of the default tags in this review. However, unless you find yourself zooming in and out on web pages a great deal, its functionally useless in a Windows 7 environment. Get a cheaper netbook and don't fall for this buzzword.