Acer Iconia Tab A500-10S32u 10.1-Inch Tablet (Aluminum Metallic)Purchased an'open box' unit with proviso I could return it within two weeks for full refund. Wanted to replace laptop on extended trip to Europe. A lot of nice features. Lots of ports, good display, crisp. Touch pad sensitive enough w/o being annoying. Unit came with screen protector installed and there seems to be some dif. in sensitivity w or w/o. Tried many apps and some games. Good battery life- a day w/o charging. Good ereader. Wifi connected readily and good reception. A couple of minor glitches. Slowed down accepting text input working on gmail doc at public wifi in Toronto term.III, but couldn/t duplicate at other connects. In spite of liking many of the units features I returned it because.1. Skype voice video chat- doesn't have video and much argument on blogs whether will have due to technical issues with processor- seems more like a spat between Andoid and Skype: 'not our issue' and consumers suffer. Also video quality of front facing camera is mediocre. My dell Laptop is much better. Rear Facing Camera w flash takes acceptable snaps. Google Talk video chat does work but is a little balky. Fring is terrible. No microphone controls and cannot even identify where it is on front of unit.2. Unit did not fit well in TabFolio case. Too loose with poor stand positions. Also perhaps covered mic? Also no pen/paper pockets.3. Lots of apps available but many would not work. Did not get a web print app working. File share for NTFS drives probably works but I gave up after a few trys- needs to be 'rooted' and not sure what that does to security. Soft key board works much better than Ipod Touch because o size, but still a pain as you have to switch to get #s instead of alphas- most passwords have a combination of both- awkward.4. HC 3.2 promised but still not availablebut don't know it addresses above issues5. Interface and menus a little confusing but think that will work out6. Firefox Beta for Mobile would not sync with my other computers although I tried reinstall several times.7. Sometimes difficult to kill an app. Seems to be no standard routine.All in all enjoyed the experience but with Touchpad demise and Amazon tablet on the horizon, I think I'll wait.Not a game player but Angry Birds is a real hoot. Flash works great which is why I will not go w Ipad