Never thought I would be a fan of tablets. I still believe a laptop is a better bet than a tablet. But since I go to college and have to lug something around for my books and to type up notes with. This thing works amazing!Let me get into my breakdown of things I love about this thing.OPTIONS!: Loads and loads of options, this tablet is so customizable down to every little detail. Android has an amazing set of Apps, you can change anything. You can download anything. You can play anything. Basically, this thing is so close to a laptop it is scary. Which is what makes me change my tune about tablets some.Battery Life: From the first time I fired it up and charged it. It lasted about 10 hours. And it is very efficient at saving battery life, big thing is dim the screen brightness when you don't need it. And let it go into standby mode when not in use. Some days, I'm at school all day, and by the end of the day it still has juice left. Love itFeatures: This tablet I chose over others because of how versatile it is. Micro USB, and Micro HDMI ports. front and rear facing camera. Volume rocker on the side. Head Phone Jack. Well placed speakers. Many tablets have the front and rear facing camera the volume rocker, head phone jack and a spot for a charger....maybe even 1 type of USB connection, but an HDMI port! wow. And like i said everything is well placed and well thought out.Quality: This thing feels very well built and very high quality. Motorola is usually known for good quality products. This is very sturdy. The screen quality is vibrant. Everything looks sharp.The only con I can actually think of is the weight, because this is one of the heavier tablets out there, but realistically, to me all tablets are light. I dont have any issues with the weight or carrying it around. But for some it could be thats why i listed it.Overall, the reason why I picked this over say, an Ipad is because this has so much more versatility. Sure the Ipad has its set of amazing apps, but it is so limiting. You can only do your music through them. you cant really customize it outside of the stuff the set up for you to customize it with. Right out of the box The Motorola Xoom is fully customizable and you can literally treat it like a laptop. Thats why it won my vote and my money.