I bought an Ipad in June and have had a chance to use it extensively since then.  My evaluation?  An outstanding device.  I use it in three principle areas; a book reader, entertainment i.e. games and for work.  I'll talk about each in turn.As a book reader.  Very easy to use and easy to read. I downloaded the Kindle and Barnes and Noble apps so I have access to three separate bookstores and can download books from all of them.  The Ipad thus is much more flexible than dedicated readers that allow access to only a single bookstore.As a game machine.  If my grandkids are around, I can't use my Ipad because they are queued up to get a turn.  I have apps that the three-year-old can use, the four-year-old can use and other apps the older ones can use.  The amazing thing about the younger ones, is that the apps are educational and they love use them.  I enjoy the apps the older kids use, namely Doodle Jump, Angry Birds and Plants vs ZombiesFor work.  This is where the Ipad really shines.  I'm an author.  I spend hours each day chained to my computer in my office writing stores or revising them.In addition to writing/ revising stories, there are other business aspects of writing.  A brief list includes creating new characters and plots, writing blogs, marketing work, email responses etc.  In the past I had to stay at the computer or use a pad and pen if I worked away from the computer. Now I use the Ipad and I'm freed from the desk and computer.  It makes writing and creation a pleasure.  I'm writing this review while sitting in a recliner in the TV room.  Earlier, I worked on a different writing project outside on the porch.Overall, I have to say that the Ipad changed my work habits and improved them.  It fitted  almost seamlessly into my work.  How seamlessly, is amazing, but then I'm an Apple fanatic and I expected nothing less from the Ipad.  To be clear, the Ipad doesn't replace my computer; it is an adjunct to that computer, but one that gives me a large measure of freedom.As you might suspect, I give the Ipad five stars out of a possible five. With the Ipad, my Iphone has been downgraded to a cell phone, for the most part.Tales From Gundarland: Eight humorous stories from the land of the incongruous