I really wanted to like this tablet.  I  had recently returned a Motorola Xoom because I got tired of waiting for Motorola to activate the microSD card slot.  When looking for a replacement, the features listed for the Thrive made it seem too good to be true.  Full sized SD-card slot?  Yes!  Removable back-cover and battery!  Yes!  Full sized USB port and HDMI-out?  Double yes!When I got the thing in my hands, I thought (at first) that I had definitely made the right choice.  While the Thrive is actually heavier than the Xoom, it was better balanced and had a nice grippy back, so it *felt* lighter and more comfortable to hold.I noticed, however that it would occasionally not wake up from it's sleep status when the power button was pushed, requiring a hard-reset.  And it would occasionally just reboot itself.  This happened a couple of times so I gave Toshiba support a call.  The gentleman I spoke with suggested a factory reset.  I hadn't installed that many apps on the tablet yet, so I did so.  Of course, the original problem was not a constant thing, so I thanked him for his help and hung up.Five minutes later, it repeated the problem.  Wouldn't wake up from sleep, requiring a hard reset.  I called Toshiba again.  This time, I was told that what was needed was to remove the back cover (not easy to do) and take the battery out for a few minutes.  I did so and, again, the problem didn't present itself right away, so I assumed it was fixed.Wrong.  Five minutes later, and it was repeating the same problems, so I made the decision to return it to Amazon.  In 24 hours of ownership, the tablet refused to wake-up (requiring a hard reboot) at least a dozen times.  It also rebooted itself 3 or 4 times.This product is less than half-baked.  I refuse to believe that this problem didn't present itself during testing and Toshiba should be ashamed for releasing this tablet to market.At some point, someone will release a tablet with all of the features that the Toshiba Thrive boasts, except that one will actually work.  When that tablet comes out, it will be worth looking at. But stay away from the Thrive.  You will only be disappointed.Personally, I guess I'll go back to the Xoom.  I hear that they have finally activated the micro-SD, which was my main complaint about it to begin with.