I just got this a couple of days ago, and been playing around with it since. I can't put it down! Didn't charge it until after two days. It's amazing how light and portable it is. With my commute, it's an excellent device to carry with me. Much lighter than any iPads, Xoom, or any other upcoming Honeycomb devices. The price, well, it's EXCELLENT!! I use it mostly for reading books and browsing. Wherever I go now, there's mostly WiFi, so this is perfect. The screen clarity is AMAZING! Much much better than Motorola Xoom.Galaxy tab feels like a conveniently oversized Android phone, and that is a GOOD thing, because of my familiarity with Android phones. The icons look conveniently big now. Unlike Honeycomb, most applications run great because it's technically a software for phone. Pandora, book reading apps, Pulse, all run great!I'd actually give it a 4.5 star instead of five, just because of some things:- Some apps appear to be stretched, so sometimes it's not that pleasing to the eyes.- Qik doesn't work. This defeats the purpose of including it in the first place.- No video chat for Skype or GTalk. It's not Samsung's fault, but maybe they should nudge Google. After all, they do make a Nexus S for them, which also has a front facing camera.- When connected to a PC, it doesn't charge. What gives?!Other than that, I think this is an excellent device. I hope that Samsung would upgrade this to Gingerbread at some point, and change the charging policy.Do not compare this with an iPad (which I do own). They are completely different in apps and interface. I still don't understand why people keep comparing the two, and always in search of an 'iPad Killer'. iPad is a great product in its own merit, and so is Galaxy Tab 7 WiFi. I'd rather that these manufacturers just make products that perform well, instead of trying to kill others.Update:It does have GPS antenna and it functions well. I did a turn-by-turn navigation yesterday, and it worked perfectly. The trick is, you'd need an internet connection for the map to do navigation. I used a phone WiFi hotspot.The internal memory is 16 gB, and the RAM is 512. It does not come with a Micro SD card but it does have the slot. So if you want to add the storage, you would have to buy your own and put it into the Micro SD slot.I have not tried bluetooth yet. I might try that today.