The software is buggy it seems. The very useful voice search feature results in a "Server problem" error for me. I tried many times. I even tried taking out the battery, as suggested by others with the same problem. Online forums show that this problem persists on various other devices (phones). It seems to be a pattern with Google -- releasing software that isn't fully working. This is seen still with the Chromebooks. They release items then maybe you will eventually get the functionality advertised. (I tested a Chromebook and can vouch that some features still don't work.)There was a some lag while entering text while programs / apps were installing. Some apps did not install if I was installing more than one. It seemed to hang with "waiting to install..." message. Turning off the device worked to fix this; the apps installed upon reboot.Why isn't there an easy way to scroll long web pages? It instead requires repetitive motion gestures over and over and over to scroll down a long webpage. There must be an easier way that can be implemented, like the way it is possible to easily scroll to certain contacts in the phone book. Don't force users to scroll endlessly through pages.As far as other things, which are less related to the software or hardware...There is still no option to have extensions installed for Chrome. So, no ad-blocking software. That means lots of annoying and distracting ads in your face while you browse. Surely they can enable extensions on tablets. I consider it a deal breaker if I must view ads on a device I paid for. There are other options to eliminate ads, but they require additional options and won't always be available depending on how you connect.In general, a tablet offers convenience, but the software limitations tell me to hold off until they hear our complaints and clean up issues outstanding. Apple is an alternative but doesn't allow for ad blocking yet either, at the device level. And, Apple products have suffocating restrictions on what file types they will play.This device definitely offers an advantage with its multitude of possible connections, but basic features such as voice search should definitely be working. In my opinion, ad-blocking features for the browser are mandatory for a peaceful browsing experience.Still waiting for something more complete...