After my Acer Iconia A100 died, I was looking for a better tablet. I had read a lot of reviews on the Nexus 7 and I had a few reservations. The Nexus 7 offered a better processor, a better screen, and a newer version of the Android operating system. However, it did not have the ability to upgrade the storage and it did not have an HDMI port like my Acer had.I looked at lots of alternatives, including the Acer Iconia A110, a Samsung Galaxy, and numerous others. But I kept coming back to the Nexus 7. For the money, I could not get a better tablet. So I went ahead and bought it. And I am very glad that I did.With 32GB of memory, I am finding that it will be quite awhile before storage becomes an issue. And just as I suspected, storage vendors had begun to introduce portable hard drives with wireless capabilities. The argument for not adding memory expansion option to these tablets was that you could (and should) store most of your data in the cloud. So the portable drives with wireless in essence become a portable cloud for your tablet.The screen on this thing is sweet. You can easily use it for reading or watching a movies. The picture is sharp, clear, nicely saturated, and very responsive.One of my favorite Jelly Bean Android features is the ability to create folders. On the desktop of the tablet, drop one app icon onto another and it creates a folder with both apps in it. I use this to keep related apps easy to find and use. For example, I have a folder for my network tools (I am a network geek by trade), a folder for my news apps, one for my social media apps, etc.The sound on this is pretty good, although I have one complaint (and I am not alone in this): the placement of the speakers on the bottom of the unit puts all of the sound on one side when in landscape mode. Since most people will watch movies/videos in the landscape orientation, this is a pain.I also wish they had not put the power button so close to the volume control buttons. I can't tell you how many times that has resulted in me shutting the screen off instead of turning the volume up or down.In spite of these couple of complaints, my Nexus 7 is by far my favorite tech gadget. Absolutely love it!!