Hello all,After many weeks of consistent searching for a replacement for my laptop, I found my winner.  I was first going to buy an Apple Macbook Pro but then I started looking at Sony Vaios, then started hearing about this new Xoom and it got me thinking..Hey? I wonder if i can do HDMI with these tablet devices. I assumed no optical drive due to size and weight issues, and figured a solution would be an ext. harddrive.. but that would require a USB.. from what i remember older tabs like the ipad didnt have usb support... and this thing has two?? perfect! problem solved.I got hooked on tablets and what the possibilites were, so i had to do some more research with the ones I was checking out .. XOOM, IPAD2, EXOPC, and the Eee EP121.  Basically, which of these has Microsoft or an Office app of the sort,Webcam. Bluetooth keyboard (what everyone uses nowadays.. house, work, school. wireless is the way to go. I just like the freedom of hooking this badboy up to my big flat screen and sitting on my couch using the keyboard) HDMI, decent graphics card, ok battery. I usually keep my laptop plugged in all the time anyway(battery lasted 8 years), webcam(skyping is just the beginning of communications of the future),wifi (usually standard with everything now), touch screen has to be glass, windows software(just in case i can partition the hard drive and dual boot with linux(not sure if itll work with the touch OS but maybe theres one out there who knows.)) and of course flash(its windows! no brainer). The screen had to be good resolution too since that's key for tablets... viewing angles, sunlight, etc..I eventually narrowed my results down to the EXOPC, which i fell in love with immediately and the EP121.  Then all I had to do was compare processors. no questions asked. going with the EP121. dual core atom vs. I5. nice!..I just realized I got the last one anywhere except for Amazon which I believe is one left as we speak 6:48 p.m. EST. 18:48 for all you foreigners. (believe me I called every seller listed on the net to have this babies, Fry's.com was the last one besides Amazon.)Now the 32GB is selling for $1200.00!  and i saw another store selling it for more!  this thing is an investment in itself! I can't wait to sell it next year to get whatever else ASUS comes up with and see how it barely depreciated.Overnight shipped it. cost me extra but its worth it. I need it ASAP since my laptop is totally dead and I'm a student in college... Can't wait for the Truck to pull up and drop this off to me.DEF. worth the money!