OK, if you're young enough to understand the concept of this "internet tablet" just skip this review.  I want to speak to us older people who have never wanted anything more than a laptop.  I started buying multi-media players for one reason.  I have chronic pain and "diversions" help me cope.  For about six months I did well with the little Coby 1.4 inch MP3 player with radio.  I downloaded some of my home movies, music and pictures to it.  It worked fine but after a while it got pretty boring.  I use it mostly at night to lull me to sleep.  So I researched for over a month, looking for something that didn't link me to iTunes - something I could drag and drop files to and keep it simple.  Oh, and long battery life.  My niece showed me her iTouch and I loved the concept but not the brand.  So anyway, I took a chance on this Archos 43, thinking I would use it as basically an MP3 and video player.  I unboxed it yesterday and honestly within 10 minutes I had it registered, hooked up to my WiFi AND downloaded all my music and videos from the Coby (drag and drop) - Then I went to Amazon.com and did a search for "download Android apps" - and my mouth is still hanging open.  I honestly didn't know that there IS an app for everything.  So far I've downloaded 1)World of Webcams - I can now lay in bed at night and see daylight somewhere in the world 2)TuneIn Radio Pro (all the music I'll ever want to hear) 3)Sleepy Time - my favorite! I can create my own lullaby sounds and 4) Quell (just because it had good reviews).  So, I didn't have to sell my soul to iTunes - I didn't have to subscribe to a monthly phone service and I can discover this new Android world at my own speed - at no cost (unless I want to buy apps which are usually 99 cents).  So, if you are the least bit interested just buy it, turn it on, register it with Archos, connect to WiFi and go straight to Amazon for all the apps you'll ever need.  You do not have to go to the Android Market or any of those other places that confuse the heck out of me! When I was 8 years old I got my first Barbie doll for Christmas.  That's what this Archo 43 reminds me of - I just cannot put it down! One last thing, Amazon has been so patient with me for the past three months.  I have returned three other multi-media players because they just didn't perform as I wanted them to.  So, thank you Amazon for making me a very happy 58 year old Android addict!