I have been waiting for a good 7 inch Android tablet for months. I own a Samsung Vibrant so I'm no stranger to dealing with Samsung's poor support. Galaxy s tablet was a no go for me. I used the Dell streak battery 7 twice in a t-mobile store and compare it to the Xoom at a Verizon that was just across the street. What I found was...Pros: Dell Streak 7 (DS7) has a Tegra2 processor in it which future proofs it a bitSupports 4g if its availableRuns very snappy once the launcher is changed. I recommend ADW or Launcher ProSolid build and its "portable" where the Xoom and iPad really aren't.Supports full sized ad cards16gbs of internal storage. 1.8gbs for apps, 11.4gbs for general storageCons: the DS7 has a poor battery. It can be managed to get 7 or 8 hours with light use, but anything beyond light use and I literally watched the battery drain away over a few hours after a full charge.Proprietary usb/charging cable is a poor choice. Its far too short and it doesn't allow for charging through usb from a computer. If I'm incorrect about charging from a computer then please tell me how. I never got it to work.The battery can't be replacedThe screen could be better. Most Android phones are at a 800x480 resolution but at a 7inch form factor the image quality isn't always as good as it should be.The viewing angles aren't the best either but weren't as bad as some reviewers at other websites made it out to be. For instance, my dvd rips still looked pretty good overall but on the other hand, the NookColor has a better screen than the DS7 and its $200 less.With all of this in mind I'm a bit torn over whether I should keep the DS7 orreturn it. I customized it and it runs really well playing back dvd rips and it handled my music well after I installed a superior 3rd party app. Connection speeds were good over 4g when it was available and the price isn't too bad. I guess, I would feel more confident if Dell would confirm a date for a Android 3.0 upgrade or even if the DS7 will receive the upgrade. My unit has even been stable after bombarding it with apps, content and data, really running it down going through apps.With all things considered the DS7 is good for anyone that is looking for a 7inch tablet that runs good but doesnt have to be the cutting edge. Its a tough sell though, now that the iPad is $399 making the bigger screen seem not so bad. If Dell could have just improved the battery I could more easily forgive the screen. I could tailor the DS7 to suit my needs but I may return it and wait for the G Slate instead.Sent from the DS7