Since there are a ton of reviews already talking about the specs and such of the iPad 2, there's no need to rehash them again here.  Instead I want to share my experiences living with the iPad 2 for about a year now.The main use for this device has been web surfing while sitting on the couch in front of the TV.  There's no doubt that we're moving to a multi-screen world and it's nice to be able to look something up on IMDB.com when watching something on TV or to check your email during a commercial break while watching a ballgame.  It is not my main web surfing machine, I don't have the best eyes and I'm addicted to my 24" screen on my desktop, but the iPad does nicely for light web use.As an e-reader the iPad 2 isn't horrible, it's just nowhere near as good as a Kindle which means the only things that really get read on the iPad are books I have in PDF files, such as a Photoshop manual where having a nice color display really helps.  We've read some magazines on it, but the screen is really too small to make the a comfortable experience for me.  Your mileage may vary here as some people I know love reading magazines on an iPad.  For me, that experience will be better when there is an iPad that has about a 12" screen size.One thing the iPad is really good at is playing videos.  With streaming apps getting better and better, like the HBO GO app, it's making the iPad more and more useful.  It's nice to be able to take your content anywhere you want in the house.  The screen is absolutely beautiful for playing video content, and once again for extended viewing I'd like a screen that's just a tad bigger than this current one.The performance of the iPad 2 is very nice, everything feels snappy and I've really never felt like the processor was being bogged down while using it.  It feels very nice in the hand and is very sturdy.There is no doubt about it, tablets are useful and they're entertaining but I don't see them ever replacing desktops or laptops for me.  I do a lot of design work though, so my needs are different than most people.  If you're looking for something to check email, surf the web and catch some video content then the iPad will be perfect for those needs.The bottom line is if you're going to get a tablet it's still hard to beat an iPad.