I got a Zeepad 7.0 as a Christmas gift in 2013. Although I never heard of this brand before and I was skeptical about its customer assistance and quality, I gave this tablet the benefit of a doubt because the ones who bought it for me weren't able to afford any of the most recognizable and reliable brands. After owning a Zeepad 7.0 for a couple months now, I now able to form my opinions about it.PROS:01. It's affordable compared to most higher end tablets, but it's not worth it in the long run.02. Although it's manual is lousy, the tablet itself is fairly easy to use.CONS:01. The firmware available on Zeepad's website WAS NOT the same firmware that was pre-installed on this tablet. One incident beyond my control caused my tablet to freeze on its third boot up screen and factory reset couldn't resolve that issue. I was forced to download a firmware from Zeepad's website and was in for the following surprise:A. My tablet's Internal Storage for apps went from 0.98GB to a lousy 504MB.B. My tablet's Internal Storage for system functions went from 0.98GB to 1.50GB.C. My tablet won't rotate between landscape and portrait orientations unless certain apps are launched. It rotated just fine on its pre-installed firmware.D. (This is more of a Google issue.) The Google Play icon was no longer a permanent icon on the home screen's menu bar. This appeared on the navigation bar on its pre-installed firmware.E. Two volume icons and some "Emergency Calls" icon are now on the navigation bar. These icons, which I find unless, weren't on my tablet's pre-installed firmware.02. Zeepad's website has NO contact info listed. Sure, they have "About US" and "Contact US" on their website's navigation menu, but clicking on to them does nothing.03. The user manual that came with this Zeepad 7.0 is one of the worst manuals I ever read. Even an seasoned reader will have difficulty figuring out how to interpret this manual's broken English.04. Google's stupid "no downloading apps directly onto a microSD Card actually discourages users from even using Google Play in the first place. Why bother downloading new apps when your tablet barely has any internal storage for them.05. Sometimes the tablet wouldn't turn on when I'm powering it on. It would take about 2-3 attempts before I can turn it back on at times.06. I initially had trouble inserting my earphone jack into this tablet. Oh, and the earphones that come with it are quite flimsy.07. The AC adapter cord is too short. You'll likely need an extension cord for it.08. The battery life is as pitiful as its manual. Even when fully charged and on low brightness, it'll still drain within an hour or so