LOVE LOVE LOVE. This tablet is LOVE!!!! :D I own a Toshiba laptop and it has never failed me in over 5 years now - I trust Toshiba products so after A LOT of tablet research, i thought i'd give it a go - I bought this tablet for my mother on her birthday and it was the best choice ever!!!!!It has so many features you run out of time to make use of them all!It runs everything so smoothly, its super fast, extremely responsive and sooo comfortable to hold! - plus, It worked gorgeously when connected to the TV through the HDMI!Basically from the first day we had it on our hands it has given us tons of fun and not a single problem - we were hooked and still are! lol.In my opinion is one of the best tablets I have ever seen!Honestly, I dont know why people are so whinny, I think they do not give it a try and time enough to discover things properly - This is a stunning product - I did not have a single problem with the wifi or whatever else they complain about.To the person who whined about it not having reading apps - you are seriously mistaken, (besides the OBVIOUS option that you can just simply download one for free from the THOUSANDS in the android market) The tablet actually comes with the Toshiba BooksPlace which is a reader and also a store, just after you create an user there, you get over 8 free books which start to automatically download, and also you get to sideload your own books into the app and buy others if you want - its a gorgeous reading application!I can do everything on it and more, so I have something to tell to those people:  R-E-L-A-X.  This is an android Tablet, not a miracles worker to fix all your life's stressing problems. Go to a therapist. If the sky is grey, don't blame it on the tablet. Jesus.The Toshiba Thrive is a fine candy - It exceeded ALL my expectations and just blew me away! I do not regret a single penny spent on thisMy boyfriend just ordered one now and we are terribly anxious to get it! :DIpads are extremely overvalued and overpriced - and honestly, its all appearances because it fails at several things I find ridiculous that they cant accomplish well for the nearly 500 bucks that it costs.You can get far FAR more with THIS tablet, for only 380$ on the 8gb version which you can expand to 32gs more with a simple SD card.My mother is extremely happy with her gift, my boyfriend will have his on a couple weeks, and I am now saving some for my own, soon :DLOVE. Toshiba is LOVE.