Alright, so I've wanted a Xoom since they came out about a year ago. I was using a Aluratek Cinepal MP4 player with an 8.9 inch screen, so I wasn't willing to downsize to something like the Kindle Fire, which would've been 1.9 inches smaller in screen size. I wanted something easier to use, more power, yadda yadda so when I heard about the Xoom I figured I'd save and get one. Flash forward through several economic annoyances and I finally bought one. I'd never used an Android device before, but I checked Youtube for tutorials on the Xoom and Android in general, so I wasn't totally clueless.Pro'sBig, has a solid feel to it. It's thinner than I expected, but feels solid.Android is ridiculously easy to use. Seriously.Screen is bright if you set it to brighter levels, and the speakers can get pretty loud, though I have a Bluetooth headset for when I need audio.Charges fast. Showed up about 30% charged, and it was fully charged in 2 hours.Plug and play with a PC for file transfers, so I was able to jump my music, pics, and some vids over without any serious problems, though I did get popups about possible incompatibility.Hot swappable, so no need (Or ability) to eject it from USB, just plug, go, then unplug.ConsScreen is a fingerprint magnetVolume rocker is annoyingly stiff and smallThe power plug is proprietary and tiny. Know the lead in a number 2 pencil like is used at schools? The plug is seriously that thin.Minimal apps pre-installed, though you can watch movies, look at pics, listen to music, and do other basic tasks, plus there's all the google specific apps like maps, mail, and so on.Had to create a GMail account to get the bleeping thing setup. Since I've avoided GMail, being forced to use it's annoying, especially since Youtube, apparently also owned by google, let me use my main account.Won't connect to my wifi connection. My wifi router is a solid brand, and no one's ever had problems connecting to it before. My mom's used it to surf the internet, my brother to do his net surfing, drivers downloading, even play PS3 games. However the Xoom insists the connection's low powered and slow, so I dunno what's up with that.Overall, I'm loving the thing. It's exactly what I hoped, and once I can get the apps I need, it'll be perfect. I'd definitely recommend this tablet to anyone not needing a ruggedized tablet, though it does seem pretty durable. Just don't get it then expect a teenager or child to keep it working terribly long.