I've always wanted to buy the iTouch. I think I've wanted one since the day that it came out. Once my brother got an iTouch, I was able to see how having one would be like. There were things that I liked and things that I did not like. In every item, no matter how good the review is, you will always find the pro's and cons. Despite the Apple products having rock star status, I really wanted to search for more options. I came across the Archos 43 Internet tablet and I was pretty taken aback by the features that this Internet Tablet had and the fact that it was CHEAPER than most tablets and the iTouch. I ended up reading and watching countless reviews until I finally decided to purchase it. It won me over. Once it arrived, it was really easy for me to transfer the music and videos I had on my computer onto my Archos without the need to create an account like iTunes. The video quality is GREAT! I spend countless hours watching videos on youtube and surfing the web with no problem. I like the fact that it has the build in leg stand so that I can just lay back and relax and I'm watching TV shows. The issue most people would have with this is the fact that it has a RESISTIVE touch screen but you can always purchase a stencil for a very low price here on Amazon. For an mp3 and Internet tablet it is very important to have  great sound and this fulfills it!One of the few issues wrong with this product is that if you went to the android market thinking that you would be able to download the apps you see on the website for this products just because it's powered by ANDROID does not mean that all the apps are available for this product. That was something I found extremely disappointing because I really had my eyes set on apps I thought of downloading. You do have a great selection of apps however. One of the other issues that I have an issue with is that when using the web or staying connected with WiFi even when not in use, the battery does not tend to last as long but it does in fact last. It doesn't run out as fast but if you're not using the wifi, turn it off when not in use.The Archos 43 also has great picture quality when taking pictures and video! It also captures great sound and it can pretty much do it all. I love this product and I do not regret buying it. It's a great little device and it makes a great present. I would've loved this if I had received it as a present. It's nice, sleek, light weight and great for everyone.