This tablet really is the pinnacle of Android tablets. Not because of power or flair, but because it's well supported due to being google's own tablet.Android was long shunned because of poor performance and lack of the variety of apps that Apple is able to provide on its own app store. I'd have to say after using it for a few days that the app store is no big deal. Not even a factor in the decision any more.Given that, this tablet does have its advantages over the more expensive Apple counterparts. These include the ability to customize the way it looks (without rooting). This can of course be done on Apple devices via jailbreaking, but I never recommend hacking a device unless you're completely dissatisfied with it. If you want more of an apple themed lock screen, there are some downloadable from the google play store. If want a live wallpaper of swimming koi that you can scare away with the flick of a finger, then you can have it. Overall I think the aesthetics of more recent android versions are better than many iOS features these days.Pros:-Approx. 6 hours battery life on non demanding games-One of the cheapest tablets on the market!-32GB space. I have over 2300 songs on it and there's plenty of space for all the games and videos I want-Great Wi-Fi range. I've seen this one mentioned before and it holds true with my Wi-Fi-Small enough for comfort, large enough for decent viewingCons:-Lower resolution than the full sized iPad. This isn't really an issue that I've found comes up, but there you have it. (still beats the more expensive iPad mini by a fair margin)-Low volume. I've found that a lot of my music isn't as loud as I'd like (probably too loud honestly). This hasn't really been an issue, but something I'm nit picky about because I'm an audiophile sometimes.Well there you have it. If you want to save some cash and get basically every feature you could find on the iPad mini, then get the nexus 7. I do have to make note of the potential upcoming reveal of the "nexus 2" though. If it starts in the same price ranges, then I would definitely wait ad buy one of those.