UPDATE:  Toshiba has made a fix to the SOD issue. Mine no longer freezes, wakes by iteself or reboots by istself nor does it freeze on sleep. That is a relief. But what did happen is now the tablet is $115 less than I paid for it 2 months ago. Whoa....HP's foray into the tablet market was a big huge flop. I really like this little thrive. It has a lousy lousy camera with no flash that doesn't take good pictures at all. Hard to imagine that this is an 8mp camera..Still only warranting 4 stars because of the lack of apps available. For instance NO NETFLIX......And if one should need to call Toshiba service as I have on several occasions due to the SOD issues then be prepared to get an arrogant officious jerk on the line that thinks they are doing you favors to help you get your dearly paid for device to work as it should or as was advertised. Gee...couldn't toshiba have found polite solicitous tech support?  Awful marketing follow through on Toshiba's part. What is having tech support people attempt to intimidate customers part of their no hassle policy...hahahhaSo far this device has proven to be very handy, very sturdy, very well made and has a well designed operating system.  Of course the one disclaimer is that nothing will ever be as stable, sleek, elegant as the ipad but this one had benefits that compensate, which are:1) full size sd card will bring memory up to indefinite2)hdmi out3)full size usb in/out4) great I mean great voice recognition for search, typing..many things5)a file management system6)nice notification sounds7)swype keyboard input8)replaceable battery by owner9)although flash is a bloated and declining web based application many websites use it and this device is flash capable where the ipad is not. For instance this could be important if your school homework websites utilize Adobe flash. Apple ipad does not.10) Nice camera and video recorderThe deficits are the android os which has limited apps and not a lot of good ones available and the mere fact that nothing could really be as elegant as apple ipad but then again the ipad has many limitations this tablet overcomes. I am very very pleased with my purchase of this item.