I got my device early January. Works well and improving with the firmware updates. I have gone through 3 updates and still no native flash support. Tech support keeps saying end of month for past 2 months. They have put out updates that have improved performance and responsiveness, but still not official flash support. some people have gone to the Internet and pulled the files down and installed, but Flash is still not officially supported (passed testing). I convert my movies to divix format and play them on the device at 480x320 resolution. They play and look great. I use a 16gb class 10 micro SD card. I run AVG anti-virus on the device, it scans the storage on power up and monitors real time with no noticable performance hit except the time to scan at startup which is about 10 seconds. Get the faster card or this will slow down. when attached to usb the internal storage and external storage map to different drive letters. Windows XP will not recognize the device but works great with Windows 7. transfer speeds are about 14mb throughput. if you write to both drive letters at the same time it slows down. WiFi web surfing is quick and the WiFi connections run smooth. I use Word and excel files on the device and with the last firmware update the scrolling is smoother, it did have some response issues, but now they are gone. I have played videos streaming over th WiFi at home, DVDs, and it plays fine. I did have to purchase the codec to do this from The Archos website. I have installed a few simple games, they work fine, but I do not do very much gaming on it, mostly word files and movies. Firmware updates are easy, just one click under the settings and it goes out and looks for you. Camera quality is OK, it could use a flash. Most of mine auto take as black and white becouse of the lack of light, indoor pictures in closed rooms. outdoor pictures are in color, or if sufficent lighting. black and white pictures are clear. Battery life is good for me, I usually run plugged into usb connector, but I have run for 3 hours on battery watching movies and games, and still had over 70% battery. leaving the device in standby mode overnight eats about 3% of the battery, so if you plug it in during the day you will never have to shutdown, just go into standby mode by hitting the power button. If you hold the power button down it will pop up with a menu with different power down options.