As a geek for friends and family I have already taken delivery of my IPad 2 32GB WI-FI + 3G with AT&T; even though they're still in short supply because of all the sadness that's hit Japan, even though 4 week delivery times are being promised, don't expect it this fast.  Since the IPad uses dedicated memory, don't be surprised if the delivery date is extended out a bit since all the parts to put this wonderful device are just not out there.A device that's finally proven once and for all that we can compute different ways, this wonderfully powerful and as always easy to use device is proving why the tablet computer is our next exploding tech market.  Our head guy here at Amazon said in his interview here that we'll see over 40 tablet style computers on the market by this coming Christmas and now I understand why.  The simple fact is much of our time on line is spent simply reading stuff.  Then why carry around a keyboard we're not using?  Be it via Wi-FI or 3G, the upload speeds are simply astounding so we can read or watch videos at speeds that will astound even jaded users such as myself.  Don't look at an IPad 2 as a new computer.  Look at it as a different way of computing.Another surprise with the IPad 2 is in their ability to handle business applications and environments.  The first generation was geared toward those who liked looking chic at overpriced coffee shops.  This model is a real tool - a real computer - a really different way of doing things in the most user friendly and portable way possible.  Do accept the fact that you'll be spending additional dough on accessories such as keyboard, screen protectors, a stylus and more, but thanks to Amazon I've found deals that's made this as painless as possible - actually quite affordable!Do we need one, of course not.  Will our lives be a whole lot more fun and even more productive with one, beyond a doubt.  Don't hurt yourself buying one, but if you're like me and would rather live without pizza and beer twice a month so I can afford my latest toy, then this is something any user will have a blast with in everyday life no matter what you're doing.  Now why haven't you got yours ordered yet?