I spent two weeks trying to decide which tablet to buy.  I read reviews on about three different ones because I knew that for a lesser price than a Galaxy or iPad, there would be issues...that said, the Kyros was by far the right choice. For starters, it is said to have a resistive screen.  Well, if this is resistive, then I'm not ready for one that is not.  It responds well (sometimes too well) to a finger touch.  And it browses the internet well.  I also rooted it (which was really easy) so I was able to get the andriod market and google apps.  Plus there is also now the amazon apps.  And rooting it is soooo easy.  I was convinced that I would turn it into a $140 brick, but I didn't and I can give you personal references that still can't believe I did it right.  So I highly recommend rooting to get the optimum experience, but if you don't there are still a ton of apps that come with it.  The speed is also good.  Of course, most of it depends on how strong your wireless signal is.  Just like with any wireless device.  I only gave the Kyros four stars because I have only had it for a week, so I haven't really had it long enough to run into any problems, but I deducted a star for time.  I really don't think you could find a better bang for your buck.  I was realistic and kept my expectations low (because I wasn't willing to shell out for the iPad and like devices) and so it was everything I expected and more.  Most of the bad reviews come for people who have the 7005, got a dud (which is fully refundable/exchangable), or wanted the iPad experience...and in my opinion, the iPad is too big and has too many added things.  I have a camera, so I don't need one on my tablet.  I also have my kindle for reading, so that wasn't important to me.  You can't buy a $140 dollar tablet and expect it to perform like it costs $700...if you keep that in mind, you will find that the Kyros is a great deal.  I would have expected it to cost more.  So if you're hesitating, go ahead, it's worth it.  P.S.  Battery life is good too...I can get half a day out of it if I'm not on the internet.:)  And the kids love it.