I have had the Xoom tablet now for about 2 weeks. I can say that the tablet is everything I need to use from a personal and business aspect.Personal Use.I use this for email, web surfing, and games, and reading ebooks(Kindle over Google Books) Better Book selection plus the book are located on the computer not the cloud.Business Use.RDP (Remote Control Computers) using WYSE software.Business Documents using DocsOnTheGo which integrated in Google docs already it makes it easy to send document via email via a share command.Testing Business Application that Run on flash (Sorry Apple)One down side to this product until Cisco licenses it to Google is that the tablet can do VPN IPSEC but not with group authenticate. In which most companies use, but a work around is I leave your computer on at home and RDP into that box and VPN to work.  If you are setting up RDP on your computer I would consult someone at your work IT department. Because, it requires someone with knowledge of IP routing and port forwarding on the computers modem or router. If you have more than 2 routers that makes even more fun like I have in use on my network.A tablet is not designed to replace a computer but more of a complement for any users who need to travel light but can still get everything they need on the go. Personally, I think the tablet is a good decision for anyone how is traveling a lot or is just a normal computer user that just uses email, internet for basic usage. You can do a whole lot more with this tablet than just the basics. Look at the Android App Store and looks at the different software either free for purchased to see if it will fill your niche that you need for program needs.Time and market will tell which one between apple and android.One of the main reason I also choose Xoom is that this is the development platform for Android's Honeycomb tablet OS. So when new releases are launched this device should get is first over others because it is plain Jane OS and doesn't have anything added on top OS (IE. Samsung's TouchWIZ). That would require other companies to develop for and make you wait for 6 months to a year for them to release the OS update to you. When android is already 2 version ahead.There are still come bogs that I think developers need to work out in their software in order to make this a perfect system, but I would recommend this tablet to anyone.One thing someone might say on this is wifi only, well here is a little secrete I do I have android cell phone with an unlimited data plan and I connected through my cellphone via a wifi tether and I now have a fully mobile tablet why pay for a data plan of anything over a GB of data, gets very expensive.