I bought the Cruz R101 because I was looking for a second reader (I already have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 7") and the R101 appeared to me more efficient than specific e-readers like Kindle or Nook, which I also know well.  My idea was that any Android tablet should have more capabilities than those simple e-readers, even if runs with old Android 2.0 version.  That became true, but I found out that the Cruz R101 is mostly a e-reader and not an efficient Android tablet. Also, that the information in Amazon didn't emphasized this point and skipped some important details. For instance:  1) The "touchscreen" is not sensible at all. You have to push hard the finger on icons, or touch it with a plastic stylus (like those designed for telephones). After reading the manual I learned that R101 has a "resistive screen" and not a "capacitive screen", and they even recommend using a plastic stylus. However, there was not previous information or warning about this.  2) Because of such an "unsensible" touchscreen it's also hard to access the basic controls (home, back, search and settings) that Android tablets usually have, because the R101 has them inside the screen area, when they should be outside, like the "bottoms" in other tablets.  3) After reading the Manual I also learned that R101 uses any external memory card mainly for file storage, so you can transfer files to the internal memory card which is only 4 GB (in my case). This means having to work with a very limited memory size.  4) The disadvantage of this little internal memory size (I as understand but might be wrong) has to do with multitasking activities.  For instance, I found out that if I wanted to listen music while reading, first I had to copy MP3 files to the internal memory. Otherwise, if I played the files only from the external card, the music stopped when a book was opened.  Again, there was no indication of this characteristic in the advertising, and unfortunately I had bought an external memory card which now has little use here.  It should be clear that my observations have to do mainly with THE ADVERTINSING OF THE CRUZ READER R101 and not the reader itself.  Even more, after 3 months playing with the Cruz R101 I kind of like it and certainly confirmed that is a better option than a simple e-reader.  My point is that I would have like to know in advance about the limitations described. Believe me, I would probably have bought the Cruz R101 anyway, but without those excessive expectations that made me frustrated during the firsts days. I hope this review might help to adjust other costumers expectationsAlbam BrenesCosta Rica