Le Pan TC 970 9.7-Inch Multi-Touch LCD Google Android Tablet PCI ordered this Le Pan and returned the next day.  The outside is nicely built and I like the design.  But I am new to Android and don't know how to verify the processor speed and the RAM memory like people do on Windows.  I suspect that the processor speed and the RAM memory is not what they claim, particularly the RAM.  I feel it is very slow when switching between applications.  I also believe the video card or video chip inside the pad is slow or of poor quality.  It claims that the resolution is 1024X768, but when I play videos of that size, it is slow and the picture is lagging behind the sound, in other words, I hear the sound first and movement of a person's mouth does not match the sound.  I know you will think that the video may not be good quality, or wrong format.  I can tell you I am an expert on converting videos and I can play the same video with no problem on ViewSonic, although I also returned that one for other reasons:)  Also, when I try to fastforward a movie, it will not fastforward, but pause for some time before getting to the place I want it to play, then, the lagging between the picture and the sound is even worse.  That is why I believe the processor and the video chip speed is not there to support 1024X768.  I was willing to pay for this Le Pan basically because I like the size, the processor speed, and the RAM (claimed to be 512MB).  I bought a cheap 7 inch pad in China (350 Chinese Yuan=$55-60USD) with a slower processor and 256MB RAM, but it played the videos much more smoothly than this Le Pan.  In my opinion it is worth $150 maybe even less than that.  I don't want to buy it unless they improve the hardware or reduce the price.  Also, I forgot to mention that on the upper left corner of the screen there is bleeding white edge when the screen is dark during a movie playing.  Sorry, I cannot say lots of good things about this Le Pan.  Maybe I just had bad luck.I do want to say that I like Amazon.  I filed return and they sent me the UPS return label immediately and gave credit back to my credit card even before they received the return.  Maybe it is because I have been a good customer:) I don't have worries ordering at Amazon.