Ok... Why do I love my archos 43 on an everyday basis:  -it is close to a cell phone replacement -- yay microphone  -I run skype (I have a skype number)  -I run sipdroid -- this allows a direct connection to google voice  -I run gvoice for doing sms  -Most everywhere I go, there is wifi available and it has, on at least 1 occasion, saved my bacon when my cell phone died and I needed to make calls  -Even without the google marketplace:  -the included browser is pretty good  -the included music player is pretty good  -the included video player is pretty good  -use dvdshrink to convert your dvd's to vobs that will play directly on the archos 43 if you purchase a $15 cinema pack license  -16gb means you will get about 3-4 movies on your archos in this format  -I have started using handbrake to convert the vob files to mp4 -- you get about 13 movies on your archos now and you dont need the cinema pack  -there is a mini hdmi out, so, you can play your movies on a large screen tv or projector  -There is a alternate marketplace that is fairly well populated  -As an android device:  -my HP calculator died.  Running "droid48" means I didnt have to buy a replacement calculator  -moon+ has become my new ebook reader  -k9 is my mail reader  -it is my roku and vlc remote  -I run pandora constantly  -there is no GPS, HOWEVER, 4square, facebook checkin, google maps/places/latitude/buzz work pretty well!  -it turns out that the algorithm for spotting your location based on nearby wifi networks usually pegs me to within 30 meters!  -resistive screen is not bad.  I have noticed that when you start using the device it SUCKS, but, either I unconsciously adapted or the device adapted and the resistive screen is pretty good -- I like being able to use my fingernail to generate contacts which you cannot do with capacitive touch screens.  -It is not "google certified", but, you can get google apps on it (like marketplace) -- search for gApps4Archos.apk  -battery life is great... I usually get 1-2 days of pandora at work over wifi on it plus book reading at night.What I wish it had:  -A keyboard... That said, it would suck as a media player if it were any bigger -- no free lunches  -GPS...  But, perhaps not -- a GPS would be good for driving, BUT, if you are driving, you probably dont have the WIFI to get the maps anyway...  -I cannot get swype to work, so, I only do minimal text input.  -multitouchFinal kudos.  Archos has great customer service.  My example:  The OS was doing a scan for PC's sharing media, my company network didn't like this.  I, and others complained and the next firmware release (less than 2 weeks) allows you on a, per network basis(!), to enable this feature.  Wow!IMHO, the price point makes this an AMAZING deal, IMHO