I had been thinking about getting a tablet for a long time now. I'm the type of person that does a lot of research when I am interested in trying something new. After much research and reading MANY reviews I decided to buy the 16gb Toshiba Thrive. I had a hard time getting one because it seemed that they were sold out in many stores. Anyway, I finally was able to find one ordering it on line. It only took one business day and it was here.I never had a tablet before so this is something I would have to learn to use. At this time I've had my Thrive for about 2 weeks.I just love my new Toshiba Thrive, I am learning something new everyday and I am having a hard time putting it down. no problems getting to any websites. Netflix is working great and the picture quality is very good.The apps are very easy to install and I'm enjoying many of the games. I'm still learning how to use this thing and have so much to learn. I am having some problems getting my bluetooth to connect to my printer, so I'm hoping to get that figured out soon. It shows that it is paired but not connected.So far I haven't taken many pictures but I did take one of my dog and it seems to be quite nice, however taking pictures in a dark room could be a problem with no flash on this tablet. I love the idea that I can use a full size SD card, this will be handy to show old photos that I pull off my desktop PC.Yes the tablet is thicker then other tablets out there, but it feels solid and I like that. I also love the fact that you can remove the back cover and change the battery yourself. this alone is a wonderful feature of the Thrive. the Thrive also has many accessories you can get like the colorful back covers, cases, stands, docs, etc. I just ordered the multi dock for mine and I really like it. It charges my Thrive in about an hour and I use it as a stand when not charging. It makes the Thrive look pretty classy.As far as the battery goes, I am surprised how long the charge last. I have been using my Thrive many times during the day and for hours in the evening and still have time on the battery. When I do have to put it on the charge, it only takes about an hour and I have a full charge.As of today I would buy this tablet again. Will update soon.