This is perhaps the biggest "trendy" waste of time and money yet. I, like a lot of other sheep, went out and quickly spent about $650 on this thing. Then I was told by Apple,for an additional $150 I could get two years worth of technical support which I gladly gave up. What they did not tell me was that I would have to be on a complete LEARNING CURVE( which they did not even understand themselves!) to use this product. First, let me say, don't waste your money on any Apple technical support gimmicks. I had some valuable notes stored on my Ipad 2 to do a convention with about three days before this happened. I went to Apple technical support because my e-mail did not work on my Ipad 2.Then they instructed me on how to delete my notes and "wake up my e-mail". I said, "won't I lose all my notes?" She said "No, one has nothing to do with the other". My response was "Are you sure? I really need these notes for my speaking engagement at the convention". She said "No way you'll lose anything. Trust me". What she should have said is: "I'm an Apple tech support person, who gets paid by the hour, and it's no skin off my nose if you lose your notes or not!". And that's exactly what happened. As per her instruction....I lost all of them. I was devastated. I had to spend days,scrambling to recovering at lease some of my lost notes. I will never get back what I lost...ever. I didn't know that everything on an Ipad 2 had had to be backed up to a REAL COMPUTER(notice I said: REAL COMPUTER). I was never told this. Now, that there have been so many failures and complaints about this product I understand they've created a thing called "cloud", which does the same thing....backs up your files. You will do better to buy a smaller version of a laptop and don't fall for the nonsense,like I did, that this is a great buy.....because it's not.Wondering if my e-mail was ever fixed? After spending six hours on the phone with Apple and completely losing my notes and going through the process to "restart" my e-mail 6 times..... guess what? It still doesn't work!!! If Apple tech support is the standard for which other companies should model themselves,then we have NO STANDARD. I feel very ripped off.