I'd been hemming and hawing, like most people, trying to figure out which tablet, if any, was right for me. I returned back to school in the fall and wanted something I could carry around with the convenience of a laptop, but without the heft. When a little extra money came my way, this fit the bill.Major "pros" on my list:-USB port! So many don't have these. I use a flash drive frequently, and it's nice not to hog up bandwidth to transfer a large file or two (I do use the cloud quite a bit, as well, and have an online repository for documents, but it's not always practical).-MicroSD slot. Expansion! I love that I could add an extra 32gb to the tablet without any trouble.-Portability. It's slightly heavier than some, but I don't notice it at all (I have an extremely bad back, so heft was a concern). With none of my textbooks being all available on Kindle, I love that I can view books in pretty much any format (including Kindle's mobi). I rented digital copies of a few books and the company I used has an Android app. Excellent.-I haven't experienced any sort of lag or slowness, even when I'm running several different apps in the background.-The battery life is great!! I use it fairly often and the only time I ever have to charge when I'm at school is when I've forgotten to charge it the night before and I'd used it pretty heavily. I can watch entire movies and barely make a dent in the battery's charge. I was surprised that using a bluetooth keyboard wasn't much of a battery drain, either.-It's less expensive than many (I got mine for $300, which was an amazing deal, but I've seen them regularly priced at some stores for $350).-It runs on Honeycomb (Android 3.x). This means, among many other reasons, that we can benefit from Amazon's "Free Adroid app of the day"! I'd already been taking advantage of this on my phone, but I've scored some great apps that are more suited for the tablet, as well.I haven't really come up with any major "cons" on my list. I'll definitely update if I run across anything, but I've had this for about 6+ months so far, and am pretty happy with it.