OK, first off, this tablet is superb.  For what it is, it's extremely capable.  The CPU, while very low power, can manage every day tasks without breaking a sweat.  And unlike most other AMD processors, it seems to run rather cool.  The unit will get warm, but but the fan isn't running all the time (core temps are around 60*C...toasty but acceptable...).  Also being an APU with Radeon HD 6290 graphics, it's pretty capable.  Most any online videos play fine on it.  It might need a moment to sort a few things out but after a second or two it'll stream most anything nice and smooth.My major gripe with it is the lack of RAM and upgradability.  With only 2GB RAM, it's a bit limited.  I run my systems without paging enabled thus I can easily exhaust 1.6GB (all that remains after shared vram).  And lets not forget, not only does paging slow a system down but it could shorten the life of the SSD.RAM aside, it's really not that bad of a unit.  The tablet itself is very well made, with the keyboard an obvious "bonus".  While not terrible, it's clearly not the same build quality as the tablet, feeling very hollow and keys feeling spongy.  But since 90% of it's use will be touch-based, we'll stick to that portion.  The screen is brilliant.  LCD is bright with wonderful colors and the touch portion is very accurate.  Battery life is around 3-6 hours depending on what you're doing/brightness/etc.  I've not used bluetooth yet but wifi is fine.  Antennas are at the top thus rotating the unit can degrade the signal, but never drop it completely.One of the main draw-backs with this unit, though, is software.  Not what Acer has for it (though I'd avoid all that junk :P) but operating systems and such.  Windows 7 works fine with tablets but obviously isn't built around touch like iOS and Android.  They keyboard isn't as well designed and doesn't always come up as needed.  Icons and what not are too small.  And of course, software is typically also deisgned for mouse/keyboard, so icons are tiny.  With some tweaking things become more usable, but it's never going to be an ipad.Oh, forget about Windows 8.  Maybe I'm completely wrong and more software will be developed for Metro, but the bit I used Windows 8 made me even less inclined to try it on any of my machines.  Sticking to the tablet on this review, the "start menu" is a horrendous mess of random icons and programs that don't support Metro are even less usable than with Windows 7.So, if you don't mind customizing your machine a bit and tweaking everying, you really can't beat this little tablet.  However, if you want it to function out of the box...get an ipad :P