I was surprised by the size and weight. I thought it would be larger and heavier, but it's about the same size and weight as the HP Mini 10.2". My unit has the 4-cell battery, but it has Windows 7 Home Premium already installed which is a great trade-off. I purchased the larger battery from Lenovo and am still waiting for it. I immediately installed the 2GB memory upgrade. It was very easy to do. The hardest part of that process was unscrewing the back. The screws are embedded in the lid and do not come out, so they can't get lost. The old memory card snapped out and the new one snapped in. The system recognized it and I was ready to go. The unit comes with functional versions of MS 2010 Word and Excel. You would have to purchase the full MS Office program if you want all the components. The Natural Touch program may take some getting use to. The Lenovo uses finger touch-a learning curve. I am very happy I can watch movies through an optional portable DVD drive. As soon as I can get to a wireless connection, I will download iTunes and transfer my files. The speakers exist, but the sound through headphones is great. Music sounds good and has good bass. My unit also came with the SIM card option. I will test that at a later date because I am overseas. I put a DecalGirl decal on the outside cover, but they only make them for the S10 and it is not the same size. Still, it is enough to protect the outside cover from scratches and fingerprints until they make one specifically for the S10-3T. If it weren't for the difficulty I'm having in calibrating for finger touch, I would have given this a 5-star rating. The other drawback is it has only 2 USB ports, but I can get around that with a hub. I am going through the programs and getting rid of the ones I don't want. I deleted MacAfee and installed Norton Antivirus. I originally purchased this through Best Buy online but it was on back order indefinitely. I watched the price on Amazon until it dropped to $397 and I bought it quickly. A week later the price jumped up again and stayed high due to high demand. Every store I went to was sold out. If I had known everything about this unit I know now, I would believe it was worth $500 but not more. A netbook should not cost so much. Overall, I'm glad I got this. I travel extensively and this is a wonderful alternative to lugging around a full laptop.