A great value for the price, this laptop is a gem in the vintage computing world.  Not only do you have an amazingly-precise pressure-sensitive wacom painting device on your screen, but the screen itself is extremely high resolution and beautiful, despite the off-white beigish glow of 9 year old faded backlights. If you are a digital artist, then you probably already know how expensive it can be to obtain a wacom tablet embedded into a computer screen. For a used laptop that most people would overlook, you get that and more for a really great price.For a laptop from 2004, this thing is extremely high end- every part inside it is the best at what it does. For example, even though the sound on the laptop speakers is terrible, the internal amplifier outputs the best quality sound I have ever heard pumped into my Grado sr80 headphones. Music sounds great at full volume, and even better during the low volume parts. You don't see consumer grade laptops with sound as good as on this machine. I would have gladly paid $1500-$1700 for this machine back then if I had the money and knew about it at the time.Performance wise, this computer does well- the only thing it lacks is a proper video card for gaming, but at the price what do you expect? The construction of the external structure is extremely solid and doesn't feel hollow like low-end consumer grade laptops do. It's solid metal and feels like it can withstand a nuclear hollocaust. I installed both Windows 7 and the latest copy of Xubuntu, and am extremely pleased at how well the two OS's performed.Weightwise, this laptop isn't as heavy as you'd expect from something as solid as this. It is surprisingly light and feels comfortable in any position.This computer's flaws include the following: 1) Not being able to boot from a USB or external CD drive. You need to buy a special Toshiba drive that came along with this PC. Very frustrating. 2) SD card slot doesn't work, unless of course you're running XP and have installed custom drivers that aren't available on Linux nor windows 7 and up. 3) Online video feels glitchy on my linux installation, but I'm not sure why. 4) Buttons on the front of the swivel screen don't work in any non-XP environment. On the plus side though, the pen's side button and the erasor seem to be working perfectly fine in linux. 5) Screen is nowhere near as magnificent as today's glossy new OLED screens. Colors are fine even at angles, but the problem is that the backlights just aren't as bright anymore, and it costs money to replace them.