I have used acer Iconia A500 tablet for about 3 months now. I love it. It is one of the best price/value product.  I used it for 2, 3 hours/day almost every day. My wife and daughter also use it daily. They all love it.Pros.1. Micro SD slot.I bought a 16G micro SD card for $20, put it in. Now my tablet is the same as 32G tablet. I usually put my own stuff such as video, mp3, pics etc at the external SD. It is so easy to just move them around.Beats ipad hands down2. Full Usb Slot.I  just plug in the logitech wireless mouse/ keyboard combo adapter and use the mouse and keyboard right away. If you REALLY want to write long document or email, full keyboard and mouse are much faster and more comfortable.I also plug in an 2TB external hard disk to the USB port. I can access the data over there right away.Beats ipad hands down3. Great back and front cameraThe 5M back camera takes great quality 720P video.  The picture quality is also good.  Front camera is good for skype video chat.Beat ipad hands down.4. Micro HDMI output.HDMI port makes playing video over the big screen so easy. Just connect the A500 to a TV with HDMI cable, you can relax and enjoy  your favorite show on the big screen.5. Great speakerA500 has a great speaker, it is load and clear.6. High resolutionIt is standard on 10.1 android tablet. 1280x800, it is still much better than ipad, especially when browsing website when often the font is small.7.  Honeycomb 3.2The default tabbed browser, multi-pane  gmail user interface etc are great improvement from android 2.3. You need to buy a tablet with at least android 3.X.8. official skype video call and netflix applicationMy daughter watches the children's program via netflix all the time. Now the A500 gets the official application from netflix.Also the skype video chat is officially supported on A500.9. Full brushed aluminium back cover.It is light and strong10. GPS and Bluetooth.It has standalone GPS. Although I don't plan to use it, it is still better to have it than not.Cons,1.Weight.It is heavier than Samsung galaxy tab 10.1 and ipad. But I found it is not a big problem. Almost all people use a case anyway.  Nobody can hold a 10.1 tablet with one hand for a long time.2. Screen reflection.The screen has reflection problem. If you are indoor and  there  is sun light at your back, the reflection gets worse.3. Battery timeI got about 6.5 hours with normal usage, internet browsing, watching video etc. I prefer  it to be longer. Ipad beats A500 here.