I've had my Thrive for about 5 months now and I've never regretted getting it. I was new to the tab world and like most people all I had really heard about was iPad this and that. Granted the iPad is a nice, thin product but it limits a user who is looking for a tab to use as a laptop stand-in. That's what I love about the Thrive, it has so many ports that u can hook a many accessories to it, ie. Keyboard, mouse, HD TV. To top that off, Toshiba a gives you an SD card slot that makes the memory aspect of this tab limitless.Now the Thrive is a little thicker and bulkier than the iPad, but what do you expect when they've given you these expansion possibilities. Apple makes you BUY all these adapters if you want to be able to hook up external devices.Let me say a few words about the bluetooth feature. It's great! I have been able to download files from my computer and phone so easily. The Office Pro app is so wonderful to use to look and edit you MS Office documents.  Speaking of apps, I have an Android market phone and when I set up my Thrive it automatically downloaded the same apps I had on my phone. That was a real time saver.I have my tab in a portfolio that has a built in keyboard. Typing on the screen is better than typing on my phone, but I still like the feel of an actual key. The keyboard did take a little time to get used to because it's smaller than a laptop keyboard, but what a great combo to have a portfolio cover with a keyboard at ur disposal. Which, by the way, props up the tab to give you the look and feel of a laptop.??????The only reason I did not give the Thrive a 5 is because it is a little chunkier, but if thats the worst con of this product then we're in great shape. I would HIGHLY reccomend that you purchase a stylus because they make navigation more efficient and helps keep those annoying fingerprints off the screen.I enthusiastically reccomend this tab to someone who is in the market for one. I don't believe you'll be disappointed.disappointed.