Hi,fellow victims.  You may or may have already know that acer support is extremely bad!! This is what happened to me, I bought this unique laptop from Microsoft store on blackfriday, first this item is a complete mess, it is one of those unfinished products or just a prototype feeling to it, what makes matter worse is that they don't or never intend on supporting it, no update nothing. For window 8, forget about it.  It will run on windows 8 but no new driver or AcerRing support.  Do not, do not, don't buy Acer products.  I have to send this laptop for fixes on the first two week, problem was that the screen will have touching flickering all over the screen randomly and I never touch the screen. When this happen you can not do anything but to hard reset and turn the laptop off, the fan would run and all the key is locked.  Want to know what make it worse, 1st time sending it back, they installed window 7 and all the drivers, it could have done that and did it. Came back not fix!! Put up with it for a few more months not sure what to do, drive me crazy, so I send it back the second time, this time they change the hard drive and also there a little cracked where the power button is like the tech pried it over to hard, came back..not fix, by this time my warranty ran out and Acer pretty much told me to go screw myself!!  How about that for tech support.  If they do not intend to support the laptop they should not sell it nor should they bring out prototype to the market.  Oh you bet its cool to look at and get many complement but little did they know that its heavy, slow (run on iCore 5 first gen.)the battery does not last more than 2 hours, so a constant plug in for me.  The biggest joke of all is that you hardly ever use the bottom screen for anything movies, games ....etc.  you just don't know why you need or have it.  Virtual keyboard is a joke too, at least for touch typist like me.....so summary.....suck bad!!  Lucky I bought it on BF or else I died paying full price!!