...I really did want to like this tablet. I was so excited when I read about the Wacom pen with pressure sensitivity, and the fact that it ran on Windows 7 so I could install my Photoshop, Zbrush and other painting software without having to switch to Windows 8. I thought I would be able to sketch, draw and paint anywhere!The truth is, I can... but in all honestly, it's difficult enough on this tablet that I don't really feel like it's worth the frustration. When I was doing my research on the tablet, I didn't take into consideration the fact that there aren't any of the buttons that I am accustomed to on my Intuos 4 drawing tablet. I understand that these types of tablets usually rely on the touch input, or at least a stylus, and have no buttons, and I was prepared to deal with that -- I didn't really consider how difficult this would make it to perform all those countless tasks that I need to in photoshop that I usually use the buttons for. While painting, it's difficult to zoom, pan and rotate the canvas, and though rotation is less necessary (since I can just rotate the tablet itself) I still need to be able to pan and zoom a lot so I can get in there and work all those nitty gritty details. And if I use the bluetooth keyboard that comes with the device to input commands, it goes to sleep way too fast, so every time I need to name a layer, undo a brush stroke, or use transformation tools, I had to wait for it to reconnect to the tablet. On top of that, the Wacom driver seems to be constantly overruled by the Windows "Pen and Touch" program (which is difficult to disable, and if you do your touch screen won't work anymore), and the Wacom drivers that you have to download in order for the pressure sensitivity to work seems to freeze or crash way too often.Bottom line... it is a good idea. I really still can't wait for a portable tablet that gives me even half the amount of functionality that my Intuos 4 does. This Asus tablet is close, but just not close enough. I was so excited and I couldn't wait for the tablet to arrive, but now that I've got it and tested it out for a while, I just feel a little disappointed. I guess I'll just have to wait for Wacom to make a portable Cintiq.