I bought this on a rack at a local store for less than $100.  Bought it on a whim, was wanting an e-reader and the only one I knew anything about was a Kindle Fire.  At first I was thrilled with my purchase, as it really is a bargain for the hardware specs.  Then I got into trying to use it fully.  Android is great, but this version is now pretty badly outdated.  The app stores are confusing and incomplete.  When I tried to download WordsFree, it said it was downloaded and installed, but I couldn't run, or even find it on this tablet.  Later I discovered it installed to my phone, even though I was using the tablet.  Go figure.  After numerous attempts at installing some version or another of Words with Friends, I have determined it simply isn't going to happen.  I also have yet to find any video in my collection that will play on this thing, even though the documentation indicates it should play.  I haven't had any trouble downloading or reading books, which is I suppose what I mainly bought it for.  My only complaint in that department is that I never know which library it's going to end up in.  There are 4 or 5 different libraries, and they don't seem to be combine-able.  The wi-fi works great, never had a problem there, and the browser is adequate.I have had one very big annoying problem with this thing that has knocked the score way down.  Near as I can tell, the dumb thing turns itself on and runs its battery down.  I have learned to be VERY careful about holding the power button down to select a sleep or shutdown mode rather than just tap the button to turn the screen off.  Nevertheless, more often than not, next time I pick it up to use it, it's dead.  And even when it's fully charged, battery life is pretty pathetic.In short, if all you want is an e-reader, there are better choices out there.  If you want a reader that can do basic web browsing, and you can live with it's quirks, it's a good deal for the price.  I have since found a number of other tablets that I think I would prefer, but all are considerably more expensive.  I wouldn't buy this one again, and I wouldn't be likely to suggest it to a friend.