I've been using PCs since 1984 and Microsoft Windows since 1990. I spent almost 20 years in the software industry on both the technical and marketing sides. I read all the reviews and checked all the tablets out including the iPAD. This is what I learned. 99 and 44/100% of all computer reviews are absolutely worthless (although I love to watch "unboxing" clips). I must have read 300 reviews that claimed that Windows wouldn't, couldn't, and shouldn't work on a tablet. So guess what? I bought the HP Slate 500 and I love it. It runs all the business applications I've used for the past two decades; it displays websites quickly and fully. It plays Flash commercials, Netflix movies, YouTube videos, and Hulu Tv shows. The picture quality is excellent. The sound is terrific (and even better with earphones). The touch interface works better than I expected (and much better than the idiotic industry reviewers say). The CPU works, not as fast as my six-core desktop, but fast enough to be productive, well-informed and thoroughly entertained. If you're a regular Windows user, you'll be flying on this device in an hour.Many years ago, I learned that special purpose computers are usually too special, like the kids in the special class at school. But, ultimately, I recommend that you stop listening to reviewers and follow your gut. You know what you like. If you're an apple fan, you'll prefer the iPAD. And Apple deserves a lot of credit for getting out ahead with new mobile devices like the iPhone and the iPAD. If you're a Windows fan, don't believe the press warnings to never touch the Windows GUI. It's as friendly to fingers as it is to mice. And if you want to leap into the future and experiment with a new mobile device OS and a thousand applications that rebuild the wheel, you'll be perfectly OK with Web Os, Android, and their future offspring. The point of this review is simple. One man's nightmare is another man's dream machine. Live and Let Live, OK? Now if only the Democrats and the Republicans could step up and admit that both sides are correct!