If you use this stock out of the box, you're extremely limited as to what you can do with this tablet. It runs a hamstrung version of Android that allows for very little expansion or inventiveness. But if you're in the least bit tech savvy or can follow concise well written step by step instructions, then this offering from Coby will provide you with an experience that rivals its much more expensive brethren.The key to unlocking the power of this tab is to root it. I won't try to describe the process but suffice to say it is really very easy and adds a tremendous amount of functionality to the tablet. I am now running a very streamlined version of the Honeycomb OS with access to the Google Market and also the Amazon App Store. You can also try the Gingerbread flavor of the OS if so inclined. You can read up in advance of your decision at the excellent forums on android tablets dot net or tipstir the talk dot net. A wealth of helpful information is available.The tablet itself is very sturdy with only 3 buttons to manage and is intuitively laid out. The scree is very readable except in very bright sunlight. It feels very good in the hand and is not unwieldy to hold for long periods of time.Battery life when rooted seems to be in the 5-6 hour range if you turn off unnecessary services. WiFi hookup and signal strength have been very good in our two story house.I would recommend buying a 16GB micro-sd card at the time of your purchase [...]. You'll need it when you root the device and also to hold all your applications and media files. Also, a very good case made for the Samsung Galaxy Tab but works great for the Kyros is the Incipio kickstand [...]. It does ship with a case but you'll need something like this down the road.YouTube videos play great and are stutter free and almost never any buffering. The only drawbacks I can think of is no Flash support and no camera but these weren't deal breakers for me.Update: 7/22/11 - I've subsequently updated this tablet to Gingerbread 2.3.3. and have Adobe Flash 10.3 on it and also Netflix and can play movies without too much buffering. It is much faster than when I had the Honeycomb mod on it and will run most applications fine. I'm not a gamer so I can't attest to its functionality in that realm but other remarks I've read says it does fine. You can go to the new forum, just Google in Kyros Tablet Zone Forums and navigate from there. I got both of my tablets for a little under $100 so it's a big win to pay so little and have this much capability.