I was looking for a new media player to upgrade from my Archos 504. I wanted to stay away from Apple, because of all restrictions that Apple puts on its devices (I don't like i-tunes and I don't want to be forced to use it in order to transfer files). The Archos 43 looked a convenient alternative so I got it two weeks ago.So far, so good. It is very light and very thin, which makes it very portable. Video files are played smoothly, as in my previous 504 model, and almost everything plays. The music library is much easier and faster to use, although, given the storage limitations (16Gb versus the 80Gb of the 504 model), I needed to get a 32Gb memory card to increase it. The sound quality is also great (using the ear phones, I mean).Regarding Android apps, I installed Android Market (very easily) and now I have access to a variety of free apps.The camera works OK in exteriors, and not so OK in interiors (too grainy). The video recording is a bit poor. I didn't buy this unit for the camera though; so it is a fine feature to have if I ever need it, but not a must.The battery life looks great so far. In these two weeks I have recharged the device only three times, and I have used it extensively, mainly for music playing, and often for web browsing (including downloading apps). I still need to test the battery life with video playing; I will have the chance in my next long distance flight.I had read about two issues in the Amazon reviews that almost kept me away from getting this model. The first one was regarding the touch screen, which is supposedly not as good as the one in the i-pod. I have to agree with this; the touch screen feels a little bit more "tough", and sometimes it does not respond quickly (that's the reason why I don't give 5 stars to this tablet). However, I must say it is not terrible either; it just required a little practice for me to get used to it.The other issue was regarding the wifi reception, which I read it was poor. I didn't find however any problems. I have the router in one side of the house and I could still get one bar reception (enough for web browsing) in the other end of the house. By reading the instruction manual I learnt that the reception antenna is located just in the lower side of the device, exactly where you hold it (not very wise design, I must admit), so my guess is that your own hand may reduce the reception. The solution to increase the reception is anyhow quite easy: just simply hold the device from the other end (the screen will rotate) and you won't block the reception antenna.In sum, a nice device that works well. I'm extremely happy with it.