So everyone knows it's the best tablet. Yep, hands down. Best. (07/2011)So I won't say what everyone says... So, here's the problems!!!The gyro in it seems good, but is not read properly by any app. (Maybe due to screen rotation) But games, that use the tilt or rotation, will be a mystery at how it responds, till you realize that the tilt is recognized as rotation... and augmented reality apps, also you're just screwed.The bloatware apps, just suck. A antivirus? If you've got a problem where you need an antivirus on your tablet, you may need to rethink what you're doing with your technology. All stock apps require a MONTHLY fee! (Except for the NFS game. I believe.) I don't mind paying $2 for an app, or $20 if it's worth it. BUT DO NOT Stick me with a monthly cost. WTF is wrong with you???Let alone, they're all system apps, you can't delete them. (Awaiting root.)I didn't like the home screen/launcher. It was just too awkward to use (just too different from stock Android). So since I have paid for LauncherPro, I downloaded that from the market and installed it on my tablet. It's not the best, and had to do some major configuration, but it works. And allows me to hide the system apps that are junk. I'm sorry but device manufactures need to stop making software, and just make hardware... quit customizing an OS or Additional Software, with crap we don't need, or want. (Update: Yes I realize that the launcher is the default android launcher for 3.x, I may go back to it. But I like the customization I can do with LauncherPro. LauncherPro is the android 2.x launcher/home screen source code, with some customization capabilities added in. Not meant to be an advertisement, but credit is due.)I'm a little disappointed that Toshiba, isn't more open with allowing rooting. They've made some strides to make it more difficult, but I don't think it's impossible to root the thing.USB doesn't provide enough power or something to allow my YubiKey to work. To get around it, I got a powered usb hub, and got it to work. I use the YubiKey for work VPN, and if I can get the VPN configured correctly, the USB port working with the yubikey is a must. Everything else seems to work on the USB... maybe it's just a little shy on power. (USB Hard drives that rely on additional usb power also don't work.)It acts a little funny when sleeping. I have it set to not turn off the wifi, but the wifi light goes off when sleeping. (I don't know if the wifi is off or not, yet.) Also it wakes up randomly... Just put it down for the night, and oh, hello bright screen on my nightstand.So I give it 5/5 because the hardware is awesome! But now you know the problems I have going into it.