I have had  this device now for about 3 days. So far it has done everything that it is marketed to do and has exceeded most of my expectations. I wanted it as an entertainment device, to use as an e-reader and to have in place of carrying a net-book around. The main reasons I didn't get an ipad are the size of the product and the inability to run flash applications on the internet. This tablet is smaller in size, which for many reviewers has been a negative thing, but I enjoy that it is a more compact device.While I am a fan of many Apple products and I do not knock them or the iPad at all, I went with Samsung Galaxy Tab, for the reasons I listed. The main reason I do not give it 5 stars is because of it's weight. The device itself is not 'heavy' per say, but one of the main functions I was interested in, was being able to use it as an e-reader with the Kindle application for Android. While it has the app and it works well, the tablet does get a bit heavy if you are sitting and holding it to read. I have solved the issue when I am at my desk by getting a 'Arkon Portable Fold-Up Stand for Apple iPad, Galaxy Tab, BlackBerry Play Book' for it.. and a case.. but it is still a bit heavy to actually hold while reading.. sitting in bed as an example. .I know this is version 1.1 so to speak and it will only get better. I am a fan of Android devices and have been since the Google G1. I currently own a G2, which also made the transition to this device a breeze.. because it's the exact same operation system as the G2 phone, (Android 2.2). Again, alot of reviewers have listed this as a drawback, at least on sites like PC World and CNet but I love that its simple and easy to control.It is a welcome addition to my entertainment arsenal. I have read that the T-Mobile version is the most complete version of the device, (as compared to the fully decked out euro Model,) and I have T-Mobile as my Cell phone carrier so it was an easy choice for me.I hope if you get one you will enjoy it also!