Normally I would have purchased this unit from Amazon but I wanted to take the unit on my vacationfor storing and viewing photos and videos. I only had three hours before my plane left so I purchased theunit from my local Big Box store. Right from the get go I noticed that the screen was no where near asresponsive as my Ipod Touch. I had several video tutorials from a class I'm taking which were in wmv andmpeg4 formats. Right away I noticed that out of the box there is no way to view the videos. With no clearinstructions that come with unit, I looked for a way to do this on Google and found a free app downloadcalled MoboPlayer. After downloading MoboPlayer the one thing positive I can say is that the videos lookedfantastic. Clear resolution and beautiful display.However, it was all downhill from there. I next set a password for the unit. Which worked for the first twobootups. On the third cold power up after charging the unit, the keyboard for entering the password would notcome up. Instead the unit was asking me to paste my password into the password box. Paste how? There is nomouse nor is there anyway to connect one. So next I rebooted and then the keyboard reappeared. I was able tolog in. However, that experience made me nervous about continuing with a password. So I went to Settings andattempted to delete the password. The functionality for deleting the password is there but it does not work.After several attempts to delete the password, I gave up. Several other functions in Settings also do not work.For instance, you can access the photo or video apps by pressing on the storage for those items but you can'tview them.Finally after exiting Settings I went to turn the unit off to see if my attempts to delete the password hadany affect. At this point, the unit totally locked up. It remained on the shutting down screen until it ranout of energy and became totally dead. Attempts to recharge the unit have thus far failed. It is now just apaperweight on my desk and after only 6 days of use I will be returning it and getting an Ipad2. At leastwith Apple products I know they are thoroughly tested and debugged before they are put on the market.