I have had Thrive for few weeks by now using it in various situations - at home, office, airport, etc.I would not say I'm pleasantly surprised because I spend some time evaluating options before choosing Thrive.Pros:Screen response - in line with the best of them including Samsung, iPad2, Asus Transformer and Acer.Screen color, contrast and clarity - Can't complain even in auto-mode. However, if you feel it's not as bright and as vivid as you'd like - switch to manual.Battery life - just excellent. It exceeds anything I've encountered. I've been using my tablet for a whole day heavily and never get it under 40% of charge in 1 day.Ports - probably the best feature of this tablet especially when you're using it in different situations rather than just watch the movie and browse internet. I can plug any USB device for a file transfer, any keyboard if I need to do heavy typing for which touch keyboard is not the best solution, etc., etc. USB card from my DSLR goes right in so I can check pictures in the field on a bigger screen, etc.Downside:only 2 so far (and neither one would be a fair reason to lower the 5-star mark):1. It's thick and heavy compared to other tablets. It is. No doubt about it. You would not want to lay in bed and read it as e-book reader unless your hands are crazy strong. In 10 min you'd want to lay it down on something or get some kind of support.It's so thick compared to Transformer or iPad that you feel like it's a netbook rather than a tablet and kind of expect for keyboard to slide out of it.However, there is a price to pay for a full-blown laptop set of ports + incredible battery life. I rather carry my Thrive that is thick and heavy than have a light and slick iPad and look frustrated at USB stick of full size SD card that has some data I need and no way to get them.2. There is a WiFi problem. However, this problem is not specific to the Thrive. It's an Android issue with Netgear routers. I have the same with my Samsung Infuse Android 2.1 phone. Both devices have DHCP problems with some newer Netgear routers. I guess it's more Netgear issue than anything because there are no problems with Linksys or DLink.Overall, if I used the tablet just for entertainment - movie, browsing, book reading, occasional e-mail, etc. I'd pick up something thinner and lighter. However, since I want to be able to review my photos, edit presentations, word docs, spreadsheets when need to - Thrive is an excellent choice.On that note - get Ghost Commander with Samba extension from the Market and you can exchange files with Windows servers on your network seamlessly. Works like a charm.