I  made the mistake of purchasing the iPad mini, mainly because it was more compact to fit in a briefcase. It had great reviews & such, so figured it would be a functional tablet. And it probably is for playing games, music and things like that. But it is really lacking as a tool to use in business.The iPad mini, & I have no reason to believe the iPad is any different, comes without an office suite, a way to easily transfer files from a PC unless you use the Cloud or the iTunes Utility, which for security reasons cannot be used in my business, & few apps are without a cost. In this world, people often have multiple platforms at work & home. Even in the app store, there is no direct link to business apps. You must search for everything. With lots of time, searching & frustration at times, the tablet is now functional. I will not go into the lack of multitasking & other small inconveniences.Trying to get a manual for this unit was another treat! You would think it would be included on the desktop as a PDF file. Every Web search to find a User Manual lead you to links to other sites wanting you to download their PDF, Anti Virus or some other tool bar software. When I finally found a manual but it was specific to the iPad even though the internet search said it was a manual for the iPad Mini. Still haven't found anything very specific to the iPad Mini that I own. I will use the iPad with iOS 6 manual and hopefully it covers everything if there are differences. With Android Tablets it is just a matter of searching for the word pdf and the tablet and up comes your manual. Apple has to tie everything into collateral sales by linking with everyone.Paired with a Bluetooth keyboard, it is easy to put in data & I would recommend adding one. I also find a stylus works better than a finger on this tablet. Thankfully I got the 64G mini or would be in trouble since it is not expandable with a Micro SD card. Bad for consumers who have to pay more for this & only good for Apple's bottom line.I could go on about the iOS vs others, etc. but it comes down to having setup & used a Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 in a few hours & I saw how easy it was to use, I would never recommend an iPad Mini over the Galaxy Note 10.1 for business use if your business is Windows centric rather than Apple based. Transfers of data is painful when you want to share between the two operating systems.