Received it in record time from Amazon.com and I'm really happy. If you know what you are looking for then this is a great device for you. Those looking for a cheap Ipad killer should keep waiting. Just get an Ipad when the price comes down or wait for improvements to the bevy of Android tablets that have been coming out of Asia. I wasn't however, looking for an Ipad killer. I was looking for a 7 to 10 inch touch screen device that would bridge the gap between my laptop and my PDA. It's a netbook that converts to a touch tablet. That's it. It's not and is not attempting to be an Ipad. Two different classes of device.I would have preferred the HTC Shift, a true UltraMobilePC, but it's still $750. Though too large to put in your pocket, the Lenovo S10-3t does well being carried in its little sleeve. It's been a conversation piece at the Dr's office.PROS: I needed something large enough to be productive while mobile and access my Windows suit of programs, yet light enough not to cause shoulder strain. The S10 is spot on. Although having the physical key board was a must for Word docs. I rarely use it when web browsing or reading e-books. If I'm using it in bed I can sit it down on my night stand with one hand in contrast to my heavy Dell Inspiron 1501. The touch screen has been surprisingly responsive. Flicks are becoming second nature.CONS: There was plenty of bloatware that I promptly uninstalled (Veriface, Natural Touch, etc). The speakers suck, so you'll need headphones if not in a very quiet place. It's a Windows OS, so even Windows 7 Home Premium gave me a Blue Screen of Death. Had to use OneTouch Recovery to reset to factory settings. Screen rotation could be faster. Has been working quite well though since.My primary use has been web surfing during this summer. However, when school begins. I plan to use it during class to access and annotate lesson plans on the go and to enter student assessment data or observation notes. I'll update this review to let you know how it handles.  I still love my PDA though.