I already own a 2nd and 4th generation itouch so I was already familiar with how it worked.  My biggest reason for wanting an iPad 2 was I found the screen of the touch too small to surf the web or read a book, I wanted GPS (have to get the 3G model for that), camera (we use FaceTime a lot keeping in touch with family) and 3G for internet access for when we travel and are at places with no wifi.  I spend many hours at various sporting practices each week and for the past two years, the touch has kept me entertained (I actually looked forward to practice since it gave me at least two hours to sit and catch up on everything).The iPad has taken it to a whole new level.  I have more reading material than I can read (books, magazines, email, etc.).  I love Netflix and HBO GO and I use it to stargaze at night (it can control my telescope through an app).  The entire family likes it so much that It's made the touches obsolete.  My husband who never liked the touch keeps taking my iPad.  The best part for me is that I am no longer chained to the computer.  I can read the news and check my calendar at the kitchen table or the over stuffed chair while having me coffee.  The only thing I've been using the laptop for is syncing.My complaints are that I can no longer use my computer to charge the iPad (the car charger is also obsolete for the iPad.  I had to but a new one).  I also purchased two extra long USB cables and an extra charging brick as the cords that come with it are too short to charge and sit comfortably on the couch.  I also found that I can no longer use my Altec Lansing speaker dock to play music so that's something else I'll want to replace eventually.I purchased 1GB of data from Verizon for $20 for the month to see how far it would go.  I've been pleasantly surprised.  I may run out of time to use it before I run out of data.  Granted we have wifi at home and gymnastics but baseball, the grandparents, car and the doctor's office do not.  I thought streaming Netflix and HBO GO would use all of it up but it hasn't.