First off, out of the box, this tablet isn't the greatest.  However, if you have moderate technical skill you can upgrade this device to android 2.2 Froyo and uninstall all the bloat that it has.  You can then install all the Google apps including "Android Marketplace" using ADB for android.  There is also a version of the clockwork mod for this device, although it broke android marketplace when is installed it (maybe need advance skill for that one).  Rooting the device is easy as well and the instructions for all these procedures can be found on the XDA forums using a simple Google search.  I have read that it can be over clocked to 800Mhz although I have not tried.  In my opinion there really is no need unless you want to play games or watch videos (which I don't use it for).Hardware wise this is an excellent device (purchased for $72).  It has an amazingly responsive capacitive tough screen and wireless "N".  Those two hardware features alone are worth the price.  The RAM is  meager at 256MB and as well as the paltry 2GB internal ROM; but I was still able to install my favorite 10-12 apps internally and expand the memory with a full size 8 GB Class 10 SD card.  The processor is zippy at 500Mhz and is good for surfing the web (with some patience) and using news apps/reader apps pretty responsively.  It has two built in speakers which are good in a quiet environment but they are fairly limited.  If you are using the device for these activities you can expect about 8 hours worth of battery life. Again for the $100 or less price range it delivers pretty well.The largest negative I can give for the device is the weight.  I'm not sure exactly how much the total weight is but it felt heavier that some of the newer 10 inch android devices like the Prime and Galaxy TAB.  After holding in your hand for about 20-30 mins you will feel the fatigue in your hand and wrist.  I find myself having to lean it against my leg after a while.Overall for the hardware specs you can't do better for the price IF you have moderate technical/computer skills.  For the tinkers' out there you will love it, for the novices, you will need to find another device that is ready out of the box.Velocity Micro T301 Cruz 7-Inch Android 2.0 Tablet (Black)