After reading how these Playbooks will be upgradeable to the Blackberry 10, I did a little research and found MANY favorable reviews for them.  Since the price is definitely right, I decided to order one and...  I am SO glad I did!  This thing is nothing short of fantastic!  Yeah, I've read how people are complaining about the lack of apps, but there are still over 25,000 apps available for this tablet.  That seems small compared to the 100,000+ apps for an iPad, but let's be realistic:  This tablet has its fair share of apps and there is enough in there for everyone!  The size is a nice size which falls between my cell phone and my laptop, and it fits nicely in my hands.  Quality?  Second to none.  This thing is solid and operates great.  It's also VERY easy to use and operates smoothly.  True multitasking at its finest!!!  It can also be tethered to my cell phone, which is a nice feature.  It can link to my cell phone and I can use my data plan, using this tablet anywhere.  Google it online and you will see quite a few reviews about how this blows away the iPad Mini.  Apple snobs dislike this device, but for the rest of us who are not snobs, this is THE tablet to have!!!EDIT:  I have now had the Playbook for almost three weeks and it is fantastic!  I use it every single day and it's working perfectly.  Battery life is great (about 8 hours under "normal" use) and with the rapid charger, charges up in a reasonable amount of time.  As for apps, I have quite a few Android apps on it and they are working well.  Yes, it is a little bit of work to sideload some apps, but it can be done pretty easily and they do work.  Kindle?  Installed and working great!  The Blackberry App Store has MANY good apps to download, with many being free or 99-cents.  The Playbook is so great that my girlfriend bought the same one a few days after I did, and she can't put it down, either.  I am anxiously awaiting the arrival of Blackberry 10, but in the meantime, the current V2.1 OS is working great.  I honestly can't find one complaint about this Playbook.  For the price, you just can't go wrong!  I would *HIGHLY* recommend opting for the 64GB version.  It's not much more than the 16GB or 32GB versions, and it gives plenty of room to store all your software, music and photos!