i bought this computer. i paid 1100 dollars for it. i believe its way too expensive for a i5 but with its other niceties, that makes ups for the premium price. I rate these 5 stars because of the fact of the innovation involved with this product. A powerful, freakin, computer in a tablet/slate form. Something I have been waiting for years. I grew tired of the tablet alternatives and the closed systems that populate the scene. Granted those competitor devices have matured greatly in their capabilities. Windows slate, though a device of this nature has been around for a while, is a bit late but not out for the count. I can't wait to get my device when it is finally available; I assume I will be using it as another machine in my home and business, just a little bit more mobile.For George Allen Papapetrou , I rated this machine 5 stars on purpose, not because I was being nice but for the reasons above, Because of the modernization of windows 7 in a tablet form.  This product when I receive it may not be perfect, its windows, (a non-touch os with touch ui added on to it) but it is an awesome device. Nothing is every perfect neither am i. I have never post a review or comment before. I am not familiar with the review or comment structures that are here in amazon, I'm sorry for my ignorance and I am sorry that my asking of a question of the delivery times with a five star rating promotes abuse within the commenting threads of the product that I bought and feel deserves high marks.  Nevertheless, for next time I hope you can consider teaching a person your experience with the arts of commenting or even asking questions online through amazon about a product within the proper channels without immediately pressing the abuse button that ill affords the inability for any information conveyance that was needed. Such immediate Gestapo like action really discourages a person's buying experience with amazonFor the only two whom was able to answer my question, thank you I have a general idea of what my expectations could be in regards to the delivery time of such an innovative product. I personally cannot wait until it arrives. I do realize that it may have its faults being it is a windows operating system whose general use was not primarily touch, and maybe based on other reviews of backlight issues (which will be attended too in accord), and finally short battery life, I am sure to find its use and convenience worth the premium.This review was looked over for any offensive comments as i do not want to offend any one as i felt, so heres my bridge