I bought one of these a couple of days ago after doing extensive research and coming to the conclusion that this is the best android tablet out there. There is one major problem I encountered right off. I cannot transfer files between it and my computer. After checking online, it seems that the problem is that the Galaxy doesn't support communication between it and Windows XP. No problem, I thought, I'll plug it into my new Windows 7 laptop. Didn't work.After much finagling and fussing around with Windows Update while my tablet was plugged in, I was able to download something called Samsung Composit USB drivers. Now this thing is gonna work, I thought. But it didn't. Windows still does not recognize my tablet.That kind of defeats the whole reason why I bought this thing -- so I could have a portable multi-media platform capable of playing music, videos and photos.I have read forums on almost every site I can find, but nobody has been able to give me a solution. But should it be this difficult? Really?One of the things that kept me from buying the Toshiba Thrive was its size and weight. But, boy, did they have a sweet system for transferring files. Plug in a USB drive, etc., and a window pops up asking if you want to transfer the files to your Thrive, and where. Also, the Thrive has almost as many ports as a laptop.I've got 12 more days to figure out how to transfer files to my Galaxy, or it's going back to the store for a Xoom, Acer Iconia, Ausus Transformer ... or Thrive.Btw, if anybody can tell me how to transfer files to this thing, I'll be forever in your debt. Thanks.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update:Thanks to everybody who responded to my post. The problem turned out to be a simple one. All I had to do was go into settings, applications, Development, and uncheck the USB debugging box. After that, I plugged my tablet into my Windows 7 computer and it instantly recognized it. I was able to drag and drop files into the Samsung icon in My Computer. However, I was surprised at how long it takes a video file to transfer -- don't try this on a low battery.Anyway, I have changed my rating to four stars. Why not five? Because of the lack of USB or SD card connectivity (without an adapter). If a cellphone can have a micro SD card slot, there is no reason why this tablet can't.