I wanted an ereader-what I got was so much more!!! I had been shopping for an ereader comparing products and software.  I even purchased a Literati by Sharper Image.  The KOBO software and bookstore was user-friendly but the device itself was terrible.  Difficult to use, (tiny keys on the keyboard) and the battery went dead in about an hour.  Now, my task was even more difficult because I had purchased books from this bookstore that would only work with this software.  I wanted a reader that also worked with digital library editions.  The Kindle is working on this but is not there yet. I was going to buy a Nook color because I liked the touch screen and the way that magazines look on that device but then I couldn't buy titles from my beloved Amazon.Enter the Samsung Galaxy Tablet!! Not only can I read books from KOBO, Amazon, Barnes and Nobels and Borders but I can also get digital library editions. I can even listen to audio books. My digital reading experience varies due to the features of the various software but device works wonderfully.  I didn't want to pay for a monthly data plan so I only have wi-fi which works fine if I am at home, at work, at a library, restaurant or hotel.  The only time I miss having a data plan is when I'm traveling and can't use the GPS.I can check my email, Google anything at anytime, watch videos, listen to music and play games.The biggest surprise is the pictures it takes.  We went on vacation and I got some amazing post-card quality pictures.  People who had the first generation IPad were jealous!!!I love my Samsung Galaxy Tablet!! It was an incredible value for the money. I don't need or want anything else.  I also bought the leather easel cover--another amazing value!If I am ever ready to upgrade-I'll get the 10 inch.My tablet will never take the place of the joy of holding a real book but it has given me a new joy.  I can take my whole library anywhere!!! If you see me out anywhere-I'm the one showing off my Samsung Galaxy Tablet!!!