As someone who has never used a touchscreen before - or an android device - it took me a little while to figure out how they work. My teenager tried to show me but he moved so quickly, I could barely see what he was doing. LOLOnce I got it figured out, this was a really fun tablet. It's small - around the size of my Kindle 2 - and android based. There are a lot of free aps and there is a lot you can use it for, from reading books to watching movies, playing games or checking your email. I have the wireless version and it was not difficult to set up.Some of the aps worked better then others. I was looking forward to using the Zinio ap, to read digital copies of a magazine I subscribe to, but every time I launched it I got a error message and could not get it to work. That was the only ap I had a problem with. Kindle for Android worked great, I have a Amazon Kindle which I love and don't usually like to read on backlit devices but I found I was comfortable reading on the Dell. I watched some movies, and YouTube videos and was really happy with the quality. There's also a headset so it would be great for during travel or when you didn't want to disturb your partner.  The video chat worked great and there are many, many games to choose from. I played a free version of one of my favorites, Bejeweled and it worked well.The mail worked pretty well for me. It's a little hard to see your whole mailbox, if you have a lot of email as the screen is small and I didn't love typing on the onscreen keyboard. If I wanted to do a lot of typing I would look into an external keyboard. I took this on a weekend trip, instead of my laptop and it was perfect. I checked email, checked Facebook, looked up a restaurant on Yelp, got directions. The Dell is light, easy to take along and was great for whatever I needed during the trip. It has 16 GB of internal memory and you can add more with an SD card.I bought a Kindle 2 caseBelkin Neoprene Kindle Case (Fits 6" Display, 2nd Generation Kindle) on clearance and it works great for this . The case is a little big, but it gave me room for the booklet and the headset as well.All in all a fun tablet, in a nice portable size. Recommended!