Technology is a never ending race: you buy something today, probably you'll find something equal or better in six months or so. That also applies to the Samsung Galaxy. But at the moment of my review, I can safely say that this is the best Android Tablet in the market right now.Why is so good:-Full access to Android Market out of the box (no need for rooting or hacking)-Awesome resolution: 1024 x 600-resolution (I've seen even movies and long video clips, they look amazing and with sharp colors)-Perfect size: not a small device like a cellphone but smaller than an iPad. That makes the GT a really portable device-3G, Wifi, Bluetooth (all on same device)-Micro SD port for expanded storage-Two cameras (front and rear): perfect for video conference or Skype-Google maps supporting pinch zooming-Optimized calendar applicationI mean, this is a very competitive device. I've being using the GT for over of 3 weeks and had zero problems since then, no crashes, no complains. It is running Froyo by factory (Android 2.2) so you can also browse pages with Flash. I've downloaded lot of Android Applications and they run perfect on Froyo and for this screen: Angry Birds, Kindle, Nook for Android, Kobo, Poker, you name it.Now, please keep your expectations clear. This is not a toy (not cheap) and not an e-reader, I repeat, this is not a dedicated e-reader. So I find really unfair those that get a GT just for reading books and later are complaining about battery life. Yes you can, but there is much more potential on this device and the battery life is not suitable for long reading sessions or outdoors like Sony or Kindle, even though I noticed that with moderate to heavy usage it last the whole business day without a charge ( 8 to 10 hrs)The bad-Expensive-Locked for phone calls in USA (you can flash the firmware, but you will be on your own, and I believe it only works for the AT&T; model)-Ok battery lifeIf you are looking for a nice complement to your eink device and a something that you can use as an extension of your office  computer, besides reading or for fun, this is the perfect device. It keeps you in contact with the outside world while traveling, thanks to the 3G, but you will have the versatility of a tablet on your hands; iPads are too big and eink readers don't do color.Mine is a Tmobile version and I got it without a contract. I suggest anyone to do the same. I pay around 30 bucks or so for 3G access but I can drop it at anytime without penalty. I like the idea of having 3G while traveling and not depending of the uncertainty (and doubtly secure) of  a wifi spot at the airport of the closest coffee place.