Seriously. Even with it being a Acer, and we all know their rep, they did an AMAZING job with this tablet. It has a extremely nice solid design and feels great in the hands. Not like if a swift wind were to hit it, it'd fly right out of your hands. I've owned it since new for about a month now but I'm not new to the tech world by any means.I have the C-60 version. Not sure if this provides any advantage over the C-50, but hey. This tablet has a video card that supports Direct X 11! That's a pretty big deal.On to my biggest obsession with this. It plays MODERN games on decent settings with no problem. to most I know this isn't something they'd go after, but I've gotten lots of stares and compliments pulling this thing out, loading up a game AND playing it with my PS3 controller like I was playing a console. Really insane.I also love how BRIGHT the screen gets. The brightest I've seen on anything, even a smartphone. Battery is exceptional for me at roughly 5 hours continuous use on balanced setting and half brightness.I'd also like to comment on the enormous sound this puts out through the headphone port. My highly custom built desktop doesn't even push the sound out as loud through the headphones. The speakers are actually very good. They don't crack and pop when things get loud. It just simply plays it without a hiccup. They are placed on the bottom, so if you've got it on your lap or something, it can get muffled.Also this tablet handles Android x86 and Linux with no problem. I've played around with all these including Windows 8 and have even wiped my SSD and now it's back to Windows 7 Ultimate.Most say Windows 7 isn't the best for this tablet but that's all user preference and with some getting used to, it's really not as bad as people say. Maybe do some calibration to get things more spot on. I personally hated Windows 8 even with how "touch friendly" it's supposed to be, just couldn't be my main operating system.The full USB ports and the HDMI really makes this stand out among the others. You either need a special adapter, or it simply doesn't have it. I've used the USB many many times and it's a real saver. Maybe could have had better placement, but when it's docked you have access to the two on the docking station.Overall, I'm beyond satisfied with this tablet and how well it was made. Everything to me is spot on. I treat it like a newborn baby and it still looks like it just came from the factory. If anyone needs any help with theirs or have questions, feel free to ask! I've obtained lots of knowledge on this tablet.