I bought N7 (16GB) directly from Google about 5 months ago.  The main purpose was communication - sending and receiving emails, making phone and Skype calls, browsing the internet, Google drive, and connecting to various financial and non-financial services.  All of these functions can easily be performed on a smart phone, but I wanted a bigger screen.  My first disappointment was that many  service apps do not work on N7 so I could not even download them.  As far as calls are concerned, the only application that to my knowledge allows making phone calls from N7 (as opposed to redirecting calls to an external phone which is pointless) is Talkatone and it crashes regularly, about every time I try to use it.  Skype seems to be working OK, but does not seem to support Bluetooth connection.  The touch screen keyboard is a step down from previous versions of Android or Ipad, as it does not have a "pop-up" display of letters being touched, it merely highlights them which is difficult to read.  The speaker sound quality is rather mediocre comparing to Ipad. Another annoying feature is that the synchronization function indiscriminately imports every email, phone number, or spam sent to my Gmail or Skype accounts, so my address book is littered with hundreds of totally useless entries or multiple entries for the same contact.The "upgrade" to Android 4.2.1 that Google pushed was a disaster - the device became more sluggish in response and crashing from time to time, and Bluetooth stopped working properly - a problem reported by many users.  Google technical support is a bad joke, a complete waste of time as all they send you is surveys how they are doing.  They are doing terribly.So to sum it up, the functionality of N7 is lower than that of my smart phone that I bought some 3 years ago for half the price.  The only functions that work seamlessly on N7 are email, net browser, and Google drive, everything else is at best so-so or outright bad.  Bluetooth does NOT work at all, so this device is useless to anyone who plans to use this function extensively.  It is not a big deal to me, I can use a corded headset, but it is disappointing.  I do not own an Ipad but many of my friends do and they seem to be happy with them.  I wish I could say the same about N7, but unfortunately it gives me mostly frustration and so-so service.  So if you want state-of-the art tablet, stay away from Nexus 7. It is a cheap half baked product.