I bought this product as a graphic artist, and intend to use it to replace my Desktop and Laptop, as well as supplement as a tablet. The full windows 7 load is great, it does more than any ipad could ever dream of.However, Windows 7 is not optimized for touch. I thought that this wouldn't be a big deal, but some targets are truly difficult to touch with a finger, and the pen/touch keyboard don't always play nice. If you're tech savvy enough to troubleshoot most problems, this is a fun toy, and I love being able to show/do work right in the crook of my arm.The keyboard that came with the machine works well, and i have not yet had a problem with it. It pairs quickly after it on, and is comfortable to type with.I would give this five stars, but I do have a few concerns with the slate.1. Limited storage - I bought a 128 gb SDXC card to offset the 64gb internal drive that came in the model i bought.2. Drivers - needs drivers for touch sensitivity in photoshop, and wouldn't pair with my HTC Evo 4G.3. Pen - has no right click. You can press and hold for right click options but this doesn't always work wellA few side notes:I bought an invisible shield screen protector that was designed for this product, and it almost negates the touch screen. I could not log in via the touch screen keyboard once I placed the protector on the screen. I plan on returning it.If you really plan on using the pen, you'll need one with a right click button. Unfortunately, they won't fit in the onboard storage bay.You may want to purchase a bluetooth mouse. Sometimes touch isn't fun. As I said... small targets. We'll see how windows 8 changes this.There are not a lot of options for you once you buy this product. Really no other cases besides the one included fit the ep 121.You may want to buy a USB optical (DVD/CD/Blu-Ray) drive. The refresh discs come with the product... but there is no way to read them. So silly. Send me a USB stick with the stuff on it.I am very impressed with how fast this thing is. I considered overclocking it, but it runs just fine for now. I may do so in the future.I have also seen a few modifications online that can allow you to change the function associated with the "home" button. I recommend looking into how to change the button to turn on and off touch finger input, as it "vectors out" if you touch your hand to the screen prior to the pen.The jury is still out for me, i've only had the machine for a week. I'll touch back with an update later.