This is an update of this Acer Iconia Tab W500-BZ467 tablet, which seemed promising at first, but after nearly three months of use, we're singing a different tune and lowering the rating from "I like it" to "Don't like it".  I chose it for a friend who needed it for her medical practice. Now that patient records need to be digitized, she hoped to use this less expensive tablet alternately with the Asus Eee Slate EP 121-1A010 to keep track of all her business's management needs, which include patient vitals, records, and billing. In the doctor's own words:"I log into Athena, which is our electronic medical record and practice management, and then all the info regarding a patient gets put in. So, the girls will use the tablet to populate BP, pulse, etc, past medical history, chief complaint, etc. Some of it is clicking onto specific fields and it will auto-populate with a touch. I think the ASUS Eee Slate is the perfect size screen by the way. I really like that one. The Acer is good but, screen is small so it's difficult to maneuver over fields."The doctor purchased the recommended digital pen for the Acer, but it didn't provide the accuracy or manueverability that the ASUS has.  It was also impossible to get the Acer to interface with her printer.The Asus has the added advantage of a wireless Bluetooth keyboard and a digital pen, which I believe can be an asset for anything that requires a signature, e.g. a prescription or an MS Office Word business letter. It can also interface with the recommended HP wireless printer.  The Asus also comes with a mediocre MS Office program that can be upgraded for a better version.My initial favorites were the Apple iPad2 or a Toshiba tablet. However, neither of them comes with a Windows operating system (OS), which the folks at Athena.com, the doctor's business out sourcers, had recommended. Toshiba uses Google's Android and Apple uses its own system. While you can change Toshiba's OS to a Windows OS, I wouldn't recommend it if you're not technically savvy.