I bought this so my girlfriend could check her email and watch video with while i had my laptop at work oh and check pdfs i send her. Email is probably the only think this thing did well(unless you have yahoo).  Right out of the book you have to update the thing no big deal but when updating it froze.  So after  updating it  you can look for apps, the cruz store apps are few so you need amazons market since the android one wont work(with out  some work). The devices is advertised to play videos from the web, but doesn't not even after the 2.2 update. When  trying to watch youtube 17 out of 20 video didn't play(seriously  not an exaggeration)  so I tried to update youtube player app to the new one they have in the cruz and amazon app store, but when  you try to install it, the app doesn't work. (wont install).  Surfing the web is an ok experience on the thing but not the best (my htc phone is better). Whenever i tried to zoom in on words it work for a few seconds then it would revert back to a smaller size  after trying this over and over it just gets bothersome so i quiete surfing.  So whats left PDFs, they dont view right the app that came with it to view them takes around 5 mins  for every image/ page to load up (it was a magazine i made) and all the fonts were crazy, lower were upper upper were italic  all kinds of crazy stuff. So i then tried to down load an app for pdf viewing and  after downloading and installing it the app was know where to be found on the machine, not in the app drawer not in install apps. but when i try to reinstall it would say it was installed.  So after all that there is also the issue with it crashing, when you think your doing something and everything going going the screen goes black and you realize, oh... it just crashed,  in the 3 days i had this thing it probably happened every few hours.  Oh and for all the angry bird addicts out there, it wont play it. I was really really wanting to like this thing but I just had to return it. It didn't do anything well or even half ass well save the money(not even for 50 bucks)  and but it towards something better. Again i just cant recommend anyone buy this product!oh the touch screen is not very good you have to push kind of hard. (every touch phone i have used is way better).hope this was helpful