When choosing which capacity iPad to buy, you should be aware of the following:For many users, this 16GB iPad will be a great choice because, although you cannot expand its capacity, you can import files "on-the-go" with the following Apple accessory: the Apple Camera Connection KitYou can use the Apple Camera Connection Kit (the SD card reader part) to import media files directly into your iPad, without the need to sync to iTunes.This means you can be bring along with you an almost unlimited number of media files, such as movies, mp3's, and photos.Perfect for a long trip, etc. Why not take along 100 GB or more? Fantastic!There are a few details you need to know to import media files this way.1). Create a folder on any SD card and name that folder "DCIM".2). Place media files into the DCIM folder.3). Important: The media file names have to be exactly 8 characters long (no more, no less), or the iPad will not see them.Examples: 8letters.mp3, 8numbers.jpg, 8Numbers.mp4, TheBirds.mp4, Img_9001.bmp.Those are really the main details, but here are a few more:When you insert the Card Reader (one of two devices in the kit) into the iPad, with an SD card in it, in a moment the iPad screen will show thumbnails of all the media files on the card.You can import some or all into the iPad. You cannot play media files from the card, you must first import them. To select some media files, just touch them to highlight them and choose "Import". Or, you can select "Import All".The iPad will ask if you want to Keep or Delete (on the card). Be careful to select Keep (in most cases).Valid video files need to be in the ".MP4" format, version H.264. Or convert them to that format using almost any conversion program. I chose a size of 640 x 480, and it was perfect for filling up the screen.NOTE: the media files are imported into the "Photo" section of your iPad. Even the MP3's and Videos. So, to watch a movie, for example, select the Photo icon, not the Video icon on your screen (it won't be in the Video section).AND, you can delete any media files after playing them. That way, you can, for example, load a movie or two into the iPad, watch, then delete to make room for others.