First, I am not a believer that every tablet that hits the market needs to be an "iPad killer." That is a ridiculous business objective. The iPad has its fans, and that's great. But it isn't for everyone. It certainly wasn't for me, though I considered it carefully before I reached that decision. The form factor was not conducive to what I needed it for: creating spreadsheets, mind maps, and Visio-style diagrams.However, the earlier Android tablets and the BlackBerry PlayBook also didn't do what I needed. Either the screens were too small, or the focus on cloud services diminished their functionality in my eyes. The Toshiba Thrive, however, meets my needs.I am not saying it is for everybody. It is heavy, particularly because it is thicker to accommodate the range of ports it offers and the replaceable battery. But it is comfortable for me, and I like something that feels like it won't crack at the slightest nudge. And the built-in ports means I don't have to carry tons of accessories. The all-in-one features and expandable memory are what I need.I knew right away that this was the tablet I wanted. I would have loved a tablet with a Windows-tablet optimized OS. But that isn't coming anytime soon. So this will do, and I am very happy with it. (I have to agree, however, with some of the criticisms regarding the positioning of the cameras. I find that I easily touch them with my fingers when holding the tablet. That is why I gave the Thrive four stars, instead of five.)I can't rely on cloud services. I use the subway to commute to and from work. (And it doesn't help that carriers are aggressively restricting data use.) Relying exclusively on cloud services is a liability for me. I like that I can use a SDHC or USB stick to copy files to and from my or another person's PC. I like that I can connect the tablet to an HDMI-capable television for presentations (at work, we don't use projectors much. We have LCD televisions with HDMI ports).I think potential buyers should take the time to test the devices in the market. Go to an Apple store and compare the iPad to Android tablets (available at most electronic retailers). Not every Android tablet is the same, either. Give them a test drive, and don't listen to the marketing hype. See what works for you. It is an investment, and should be considered very carefully.