Hello All, After exhaustive research here on Amazon, i chose the Le Pan Android 2.2 as my replacement e-reader/tablet. My first was the 7in Velocity Cruz which performed admirably as an e-reader and not so well as a tablet entertainment device.What this tablet does that no other Android tablet seems to do based on peoples reviews, be it honeycomb,gingerbread, Viewsonic,WoPad, Archos or whatever, is work perfectly right out of the box! Mine was delivered with firmware update 4431 in place and android market ready to roll!Why does Apple cost so much, because it's worth it and because it WORKS out of the box! And so does my Le Pan 9 days later running 12 apps. Not including games: Kindle, Craigslist, Amazon App store (i prefer to android), and a fully functional NETFLIX...Yessss. My email accounts were a breeze and contacts went right in without me even realizing until 2 days later. And let me tell you, the internet is awesome. Dolphin browser is the way to go! The Kindle App looks just like what the Fire appears to be, nook style lower pane with a graphical cover up top.I paid $269 w/ free shipping for my Le Pan. The machine runs so smooth. I am not a computer guy, though i know enough to get around. For me it's time. I don't have a lot of it, so messing with a tablet for a few hours isn't my idea of a good time. My guess as to why this tablet works so well (see other reviews), is that the hardware matches the capabilities of the software better than most other "Droid" devices. I have no desire to upgrade to Honeycomb, ginger bread or even ice cream cookie. This device runs so smooth already, why mess with it.There are a couple of Caveats the buyer should be aware of. the 30pin charging cord is proprietary and NOT swap-able with Apple, 2. No HDMI out, 3. Unknown Brand. For me the HDMI is not an issue. The cord was a bit of a let down though. I contacted Le Pan, (Matsunichi Digital USA) and arranged to purchase 2 OEM cords and 2 OEM USB charging plugs for  $28 dollars total, including the shipping! LOLI bought an APPLE Ipad Leatherette folding folio/stand by Targus from Best Buy and of course a 16 Gig drive. The small power button a lot of people complain about is really no big deal especially since it fits snugly under the hold down elastic without turning the unit off.Overall you can tell I am pleased with this device. I decided what I wanted out of my Tablet, did my research and came out with a good buy. It bears repeating one more time....IT WORKS PERFECTLY RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX!