I really thought Archos was on to something good when they announced their lineup of Internet tablets. Who could resist an inexpensive, contract-free Android device? Well, after a few days with the Archos 43, I would much rather spend $300-$400 on a good Android device than waste any more time with this.Pros:1. It's inexpensive2. It's lightweight but feels solid, and sits well in your hand3. The screen is largeCons:1. The touchscreen. It's resistive, which in itself isn't a bad thing. My Samsung Solstice, a very basic low-end smartphone, has a resistive touchscreen and still gets the job done. But the Archos touchscreen is by far the worst I've ever used. Trying to press a button takes 2, sometimes 3 taps before registering. Sometimes button presses are registered on an entirely different part of the screen. Pressing a or z on the keyboard could enter a p or l instead. It took me at least 5 minutes to enter my Gmail password, even with a stylus, since multiple characters can be entered with a single press. Switching out the keyboard doesn't help at all. Gestures are a crapshoot, since the device will arbitrarily choose whether you meant to tap or swipe. Even with the latest firmware update the touchscreen is incredibly painful to use, and totally worthless for even moderate use.2. The touchscreen!3. The media organizer. Sometimes my music is organized by tag, sometimes by folder name, sometimes it just gets lumped into an "unknown" category. Every other media player I used, including other Archos players, could organize my library without problems like this. In all fairness, it could be Android's implementation that's screwing things up, but it's still disappointing, especially from a company that makes PMPs.4. The interface. It's choppy and a bit slow. It suffers even more due to the touchscreen problems. This is more of an annoyance than a problem, but you would think that if the device could run a 3D game at 30fps a simple home screen could run smoothly.There are a few other personal issues I had. The sound quality was unimpressive, the default music player was surprisingly limited in what it could do (though nothing comes close to Rockbox, which I have on my Sansa Clip), it tended to get hot after a bit of use, the screen looked and felt grainy, and the microSD card required a bit of force to stay in. The only good thing about this purchase was Amazon's gracious return policy.tl;dr, save your money and buy a better Android device.