ive had my kyros for about 4 weeks and like it. first off this is no high end tablet so if you want all the bells and whistles look to pay over $300 atleast. i got mine on sale for $130 which i think was a great price for what i do with it . its great for web browsing , waching video , and there are some usefull apps i use like the wheather channel , IMDb , Tune in radio, facebook , MSN messenger , and i can check my email in my hotmail account . there are also some fun games available like angry bird and a few others on the appslib market. you can also use it as a ebook reader which i only tried once to see how it works and works just fine if thats what u need. you can also wach youtube video's on it. it starts up pretty quik about 20 seconds from when it powers on . i found the web browsing pretty smooth and jumped to where ever i wanted in about 2 seconds.the only small isue ive had with it is the battery reader can jump up and down on it and i get about 3 hours of battery life out of it on a full charge . its not a big deal to me since i only use it maybe 1 -2 hours a day and if i need to use it longer i can just plug in the charger . since it runs android 2.1 there is no flash support but apperntly there is away to put firefox on it which will give you flash . the appslib market is abit limeted so if you want all the great apps that the normal android market has you should eather settle for what it has or get a differnt tablet. for me it works great since my the main thing i like about it is web browsing and youtube which is just much more easier to use then my laptop sitting in my recliner . its such a small device that feels well built that lets say im playing a video game and im stuck . well i dont have to put my big clunky laptop in front of me blockin the tv and can just set my kyros on my lap and pick it up and check what i need to do . ultimetly before you buy this think about what you all want it to do for you. dont expect itto do what a ipad or gallaxy is all gona do and get all mad when it doesnt when you should have done the reserch on it before you bought it .