Asus and Google truly created a masterpiece with the Nexus 7. The Tegra 3 processor works very well for games, unlike my other tablets it does not lag whatsoever even in the most graphic intense games. The graphic quality is amazing and much better than most others.  My Note 2 processor may be a bit faster but in games the quality and optimizations are superior due to it having NVIDIA in the mix, NVIDIA has the best hardware\software combo.The body is great! It's a lot lighter than any other I've used which is really important when you're holding it for hours reading, etc...Taking pictures with a tablet is a bit foolish however, the front camera is perfect for Skype and such. The back is made of a tough material which can withstand a lot of punishment, it won't be damaged or scratched. You won't have to put up with ugly scratches which are usually apparent on tablets made just to look nice.I've put it down without a case on many different surfaces and there isn't a scratch on it.The seller I received mine from gave me one that looked brand new.The Pros:-Very light and thin-Bare tablet that's just a tablet without unnecessary add ons which barely work and just creates bulk.-Materials are tough and allows you to just drop it anywhere without worrying.-Hardware is great, gives the performance you want and the battery life you can only dream of. With the passive 5th core, it consumes very little power while still running all your background apps.-Very cost efficient for what it is, affordable new technology.-From Google, full access to all software-Very easy to hold and fun for playing games/watching movies.-Can be easily rooted which is one of the most important features.-Future proof with the ability to sync with smart tvs allowing you to display your screen on a tv.Cons:-No microsd slot, however with an Otg cable you have an USB slot available for flash drives and game controllers to be used.-Extra unused space could've been used to make the screen bigger or the unit smaller.-Speakers are in the back which defeat the purpose, also not very loud.-Wifi doesn't have the best range I've seen but definitely not bad either.-Requires extra hardware just to add some much needed memory and port.Overall for a tablet it has just the right amount of space for apps, books and a couple games. Light weight and easy to hold, let's you have it in your hands all day. You won't want to put it down. It's a simple tablet that's just a tablet, perfect for doing what you need to do with a tablet. It looks and feels like it'll last for a very long time. It'll satisfy your needs for years to come, for its intended use I don't ever see the need for it to be replaced.