I've had the TomTom 1435TM for 8 month, and here's the impression on the unit.Pros: it's thin and lightweight. Suction cup is built in, convenient for traveling in a rental car. Tons of options to customize in the Settings. Navigation is better in complex roads than my old Garmin nuvi 660. Voice command is nice to have but I don't plan to rely on it. Lifetime map/firmware update is done easily through MyTomTom. Provides warning when approaching road cameras.Cons: The touch screen. My only complaint (also a big complaint)is about the responsiveness of the screen. Very often it does not respond to a finger touch, and sometimes it lags for a second so when you touch again the GPS counts as 2 commands. Annoying when typing a new address, but I never do that while driving, so it's not a deal breaker. It's probably a hardware issue as the updates never improved the touch screen.  Suction cup is non-detachable so the unit gets bulkier.I got this after my older Garmin 660 died. It was a known defect as the result of a bad screen cable among owners, but Garmin never recalled them or offered free repairs. I read online reviews about this TomTom in mid 2011, and a common complaint was the troublesome online map update. I bought it despite this factor, and successfully connected to MyTomTom and updated the 1435TM on the first try back in July 2011. I tried it on two different computers at home, one running Windows Vista 64 bit, and another running Windows 7 64bit. No problems at all. The instruction manual was not that helpful, so you'd pretty much learn the GPS by playing with the options. There's a vertical zoom bar on the map screen, I initially thought I had to hit either the - or the + for zooming but hardly worked. I blamed it on the insensitive touch screen, but only found out a couple of month later by accident that it required a dragging motion to zoom. The current updated interface (as of Feb 2012) has corrected that by putting an intuitive bar there. Price has come down quite a bit since I bought it. Definitely recommend it, especially for the included lifetime map update at the current retail price.--------------------------------------------Update in March 2014, with less than 3 years of casual use, the TomTom 1435TM died for no obvious reason, and could not be turned on again.