First, I want to say that I only rated this at 2 stars due to the following... operation wise it worked well; we love the size and convenience, etc.This was/is our first IPad. And every other owner of an Iphone, IPod, Iwhatever... is aware that the glass/screen/digitizer can shatter pretty easily. I changed the digitizer on my 2nd Gen Ipod before and it was a breeze, so that's not a big deal or a big cost ($9 for the IPod touch) digitizer).Shortly after getting our IPad Mini the screen somehow cracked/shattered!!!! We have no idea how it happened and were of course irate. Knowing that the 'basic' warranty wouldn't cover such a repair, I look at how much the screen/digitizer costs (60-179 btw). I found one for around 60. The removal went ok...minus some added difficulty due to the shattered glass. BUT HERE's THE PROBLEM.The Home Button does not come with the digitizer and MUST be transferred to the new one if/when it has to be replaced!  The issue here is that this REQUIRES SOLDERING!!!! Search for it if you'd like: Ipad Mini Home button soldering.  Here's where it gets real bad/funny: all of the videos that I viewed never mention needing to replace the home button; they just show how to take it apart, and put it back together so I didn't think anything of it at until I reached that stage (too late!) So no I have to either find someone local who knows how to do this (no luck so far due to it being pretty new (and super difficult) or send it off and spend some $$$. Here's the best part.... the part that you have to solder the new digitizer to (a circuit) ISNT EVEN AVAILABLE TO PURCHASE SEPARATELY!!! So if anything happens to the super delicate wiring in the removal process, YOU CANT EVEN FIX IT!!!!!!!!!!What confuses me the most is that the ease of which their glass screens break is no secret and is not difficult to have happen.... SO WHY WOULD THEY MAKE IT SOOO DIFFICULT TO FIX ONE OF THE MOST COMMON PROBLEMS!?!?!So, if you have or get an IPad Mini and experience any issue dealing with the Home Button (not responsive, intermittent, stuck, etc.) or the digitizer/glass screen (not responsive, scratch, cracked, or shattered.... all which are fairly common... I wouldn't suggest doing this on your own and be prepared to open the wallet. Most online services offering to replace the digitizer are around $125.I hope that, maybe in the next generation, this is fixed/addressed. For something soo common, this needs to be a plug in solution...not having to find a specialist to solder it back together. My suggestion would be to 1) get a very durable/strong case (otterbox?) and 2) DONT USE THE IPAD UNTIL ITS IN THE CASE!!  ((our case was in the mail heading towards us...))