Update: April 2011--I am beginning to travel, a lot, as I do every Spring and Summer and Fall, on business. It took almost no time for the rubber feet on the bottom of this netbook to fall off. I called Lenovo technical support and they could not help me, even though my netbook is still under warranty. They have no replacement feet. They would have to replace the entire bottom of the netbook which would require me sending it in. Looking around the internet, these lost feet seem to be a pretty common problem. I am not downgrading my rating because I still really like this computer, but I almost did.I bought this to replace an 8" Acer. The increased screen size makes a big difference. I travel a lot, and the weight of this netbook is minimal. The construction is much sturdier than my Acer and the almost-full-size keyboard is a great boon. The webcam is also far superior to the Acer, too.Now for a few negatives: The left-side USB port is so close to the port where the charger plugs in that any USB device of unusual size or design will not fit unless you want to run on battery power.Lots of bloatware, I wound up deleting almost all of it.Windows 7 Basic sucks, it is a terrible OS. I recommend upgrading to Windows 7 Home Premium. I think it costs $79 to upload and well worth it.The battery time is very much exaggerated. Run it on battery for only a few minutes and the estimate drops from 7 hours to 4 hours.Get the RAM upgrade. Everything moved glacially until I installed the upgrade. Well worth the cost.Do NOT, I repeat, DO NOT purchase the RAM upgrade from Crucial recommended by Amazon. That is the wrong DIMM. It is the wrong pin size, won't even fit. I returned it then bought mine directly from Crucial.Finally, the thing most wrong with this computer is the mouse pad. Most netbook and notebook mouse pads suck in some ways, but this mouse pad is the worst I have ever seen. The mouse jumps all around, and adjusting the mouse speed made very little difference. If you are going to use this computer and enjoy it, you must use a mouse, MUST.All that said, I do love this netbook. It is the best I have had (on my third) by far. I just took it on my first business trip and except for the mouse pad, everything was swell.Lenovo IdeaPad S10-3 0647-2AU 10.1-Inch Netbook (Black)