A few recent reviews appear to be from those who have very little grasp of how tablet ROMs work. So here are some points to clear up.1.  Google had decided to make Honeycomb closed source for now.that is why Nvidia, rather than Viewsonic, cannot release the hardware acceleration drivers for Tegra 2 under HC OS.2.  Currently, there are 3 or so of unofficial Honeycomb ROMs for gTablet in alpha build. The main reason for a lack of progress is due to Google not allowing the release of hardware acceleration drivers.3. The current HC ROMs all have full market access, are relatively stable, gapps enabled, and overclockable up to 1.4 ghz.4.  The main drawbacks of current HC alpha builds are lack of hardware acceleration so graphic intense games and in browser flash content may not be displayed. But it will play most videos, with some slowdown in higher resolutions. Also webcam doesn't work with HC builds.5.  Initially out of the box, you need to check if your stock rom is 1.1 or 1.2 (April update). You need to be very careful about whether you install a 1.1 based custom rom or 1.2 based. Cross flashing these two will result in soft bricking.6.  Even if installing custom rom may void your warranty, like jail breaking an iOS device, you can always restore it to stock rom. If your device will not boot in to recovery or Android OS itself, the those who provide warranty service will not be able to either.7.  Viewsonic had not discontinued it's support for gTablet and intend on providing future updates. The primary reason for a lack of HC is because Google is charging a huge amount for it's license. Android 2.2 and 2.3 licensing fees are substantially lower.8.  Since it's release, gTablet had received two official and comprehensive updates. That's more than any of its peers released at around the same time. Other tablets from the time received mostly minor fixes.9. GTablet also has one of the most vibrant user dev community of all android, Tegra 2 tablets. The community remains highly active and makes steady improvements to it's frankencomb.  The current HC for gTablet is a ported aggregation of codes pieced together from Transformer, Iconia, and Xoom.