There are myriad tablets on the market these days and most, it seems, resemble a smart phone rather than a laptop. For those who wish their tablet to be closer in function and capability to their laptop but less bulky and cumbersome for use in various circumstances and places, the Toshiba Thrive 10.1 is the answer.While there are some who complain that Thrive weighs in at a "heavyweight" (for tablets) 1.6 pounds, and is slightly over half an inch thick, there are those, like myself, who simply appreciate the convenience of having not just a USB, but also a mini-USB, as well as a full SD/SDHC/SDXC card slot, along with full HDMI, for 720p video output. The ability to add storage with USB or SD is exactly what the doctor ordered for this user.The speed of the Thrive should satisfy most anyone, offering a 1 GB internal DDR2 memory, 1 GHz NVIDIA Tegra 2 dual-core mobile processor, GeForce graphics, and all powered by Android 3.1 Honeycomb. I am not a gamer so cannot speak to that, but movies run seemlessly. Thrive has rich and vibrant screen color which is on par with any tablet that I have tested/sampled on the market today, and is, actually, better than most, while allowing us to adjust the LED backlit display as we like. That comes in handy for tweaking color just a tad.The ease of customizing settings and the entirety of the interface is very satisfying, all without having to plod through a dreaded User's Manual. And, anyway, aren't user's manuals only for reference when one finds themselves in a jam? (Mostly serious on that last comment/question...I hate user's manuals, if you couldn't tell.) I was able to set up my interface the way I wanted within minutes.Of course Thrive comes standard with stereo speakers and headphone jack, GPS, digital compass, Adobe Flash support, and a dock connector port. I have not yet purchased the dock but the other functions on my 8GB unit work great. I have not noticed any flaws in sound quality, as some reviewers have mentioned. The back cover detaches and, aside from being able to customize Thrive's exterior color scheme (I prefer and have Blue Moon) provides access to a removable battery. I find that the ability to access and change, if ever needed, the battery a nice plus.The Wireless-N works great and it is easily tethered to any free hotspot encountered. The 5mp back facing camera works good but I do not really plan to use it much as I own Nikon DSLRs. The 2mp front facing camera is more than adequate for its job.All in all, for a person looking for a reliable, fast, well-built tablet that acts and works more like a laptop than a smart phone, then Thrive is a perfect choice.