I have had this tablet for exactly one year and I regret ever buying it.  I have been very gentle with it and never damaged it.  However, I have had to send it to Texas 3, yes that's right, 3 times for warranty service.  Twice I had to pay shipping to get it there - about $30 worth.  The first time they had to replace a defective gyroscope- it suddenly stopped rotating the screen.  The second time it would continually try to reboot itself.  A complete reset would not fix the problem.  They sent it back saying nothing was found defective, but they obviously reloaded the software because it worked when it came back- for about 1 month.  Then it broke down the third time.  It just suddenly tried to reboot itself and wouldn't quit with the little swirling colored circles on the screen.  It would not even let me complete a factory reset and it stopped even turning itself on.  Each time it breaks down, you have to send the thing to Texas for service.  They keep it for over a week after they receive it, before they ship it back to you.  When they do ship it back, it is Fedex, and if you are not home all day to sign for it you have to go to Fedex to pick it up- a 1/2hour drive each way for me.  The total turn around time each repair is about 3 weeks from the time you ship it out until it arrives back at your local Fedex.  In one year I have lost all my data 3 times, have been without a tablet for 9 weeks total, and now I am awaiting it being shipped back to me the final time.  The thing is, my warranty expired during the time they were working on it, so next time it dies on me- that's it, I'm out my time, money, and data.  Really horrible way to treat an Asus customer!  I have an Asus desktop and 2 first gen Nexus 7's and a second gen Nexus 7.  I doubt I will buy another Asus product.  Beware!  By comparison, I had a Bosch circular saw that died after a year and a half of light use.  It was out of warranty, however Bosch fixed it free of charge and I got it back in exactly 1 week from the day I dropped it at UPS to go to Atlanta.  Asus needs to take a lesson from Bosch on how to do customer service.  Asus, you have lost my loyalty.