I purchased the white iPad 2 + WiFi/3G from my local Apple Store in March of 2011 upon it's release.  At the time, I really felt like I was "biting the bullet."  I guess I just didn't think I would totally harness it's capabilities and only use it "casually" to write the occasional e-mail and surf the web.  To that end, I was right but as far as iPad generations are concerned, this device hits the sweet spot for what I use the tablet for (surfing the web, typing posts on Amazon, Tweeting and the occasional e-mail).  It's not too powerful for gaming per se but offers a silky smooth performance for business related functionality.  I even find that I don't need a BlueTooth keyboard as typing on it's screen in landscape mode is fast and easy enough.The only disappointment I have is that I paid for the cellular antenna.  I find that I mostly use this device in the home as a quick means of accessing the Internet where a WiFi access point is readily available.  I also take it with me out-of-town and for the most part, most hotels offer free WiFi so the cellular aspect of this device was money wasted.I am EXTREMELY pleased with this device's battery life.  It has been tested and found that the iPad 2 has the longest battery life of ALL the iPad generations up through the iPad 4 or "iPad with Retina Display!"  I truly believe this iPad second generation is the "sweet spot" in Apple's iPad lineup and that is why the Cupertino company is continuing to offer this device for purchase.  You don't really need the "retina" screen or the extra 500mb of memory for business tasks such as surfing the web or writing an e-mail.  This device will work flawlessly for those tasks.I can only express how happy I am that I purchased this tablet.  I will probably upgrade to the next iPad 5th generation, if it offers the robust WiFi AC and comes in an even slimmer, more elegant form factor.  I would recommend that users opt out of getting the cellular model unless they need to use the device in their cars for example.  I have a Garmin GPS, so this is a non issue.