There is good and bad news about the Nexus.First the good: The Nexus is a pretty great tablet. The screen is bright, clear, and sharp; sensitivity is top notch; and although the speakers are small they crank out enough audio that you can watch movies and hear what the actors say. The Nexus has a big beefy CPU and as such can play most Android games and play movies with nary a stutter. And it runs the latest flavor of Android, making top of the line web browsing and all the newest features of the OS available to you. Compared to where the 200-ish tablet market was a couple years ago, the Nexus is a huge leap forward and can compete favorably with other, far more expensive tablets.The bad: Asus had to trim a lot of fat to make such a good tablet so cheap. There is no HDMI out for watching movies on your TV, there is no rear camera and the front camera is only really suitable for video chat, and there is no micro-SD slot, so you must make do with on-board storage or network storage of some kind. None of these are dealbreakers, but it is disappointing that these features, which are available on many cheaper tablets, are absent here. That said, I don't use these features, I didn't miss them, and the Nexus is great otherwise.There are two extra features the Nexus DOES have that bear mention: it has pogo pins so you can sit it in a charging dock for fast charging with no plugin, and it has a magnetic switch that puts it to sleep when you close a magnetic case (sold separately by assorted makers).Overall, the Nexus is a top-tier tablet offering an unparallelled Android experience, but you will need to go further up market for higher grade features. If you don't need them then this is your best bet bar none.UPDATESeveral months down the line we are continuing to love the Nexus. It has great audio for watching a show on the couch with our older son, the screen looks great, and it starts cleanly and quickly. I can't speak to battery life because we use it very heavily- it is now an alarm clock in addition to its other duties as a television, facebook portal, and gaming handheld- and it is almost always on. One thing I have noticed- and this is true for ALL Android devices- is that if you have a lot of apps that run while the tablet is asleep it charges very slowly. The real test of charge speed is with the tablet totally off, in which case it charges very quickly. It also installs system updates very quickly, as we recently found out.Still totally pleased as punch with this purchase.