I run a technology company and needed a nice tablet/netbook to use while I'm mobile...  which is a lot.  I researched many different brands and models and kept coming back to this Lenovo S10-3t.What do I like?  The size!  It's a great size, slips into my backpack and I can tote it around in my hands anywhere.  The bigger battery acts as a "handle" to utilize the touchscreen ability like you would hold a clipboard.  The atom processor is fast, but it's still an Intel Atom processor and won't do what a laptop can.  But I'm not trying to launch a shuttle mission with this thing...  I'm browsing the web, doing light word processing, emailing and using it to log into terminal servers.  The white keyboard is different and really attracts attention.  I have people constantly asking me what I'm carrying.  Once I give a overview and show them the touchscreen, they start [...]I find the keyboard comfortable to use.  If I were typing a novel on it, I'd look for something different.  But for average use, it's perfect.I haven't used the webcam yet so I have nothing to say about it.I can complain about the battery life...  I expected about 6 hours out of this, I'm getting about 4.  But I have my screen brightness all the way up and I'm constantly multitasking on it.The speakers are terrible.  I can't really hear anything on them.  But what can you expect from such a small device?  I didn't buy this to watch movies or listen to music.I put some upgrades on mine...I scrapped the hard drive and put in a SSD drive (WD 120GB), made a big difference on speed and I can sleep better knowing my data is safe if I ever drop this tablet.I took out the 1GB of memory and added a Cosair 2GB module I got here on Amazon.I got a kick ass "skin" from [...] for cosmetic reasons.  :)I'd recommend this netbook for business if you're bouncing from one office to the next.  Also, if you're looking for a nice internet browser to keep around the house, this is perfect.  I'd even say a college student could utilize one of these for note taking and short paper work.Don't get this if you're doing design work or heavy data processing.  Or if you're looking for something to watch movies on or listen to music...  the speakers just bring it down.If you've got the dough and are looking for a netbook, pick this one up and you'll be impressed.Also, google "lenovo s10-3t blog" and you'll find a website dedicated to this machine that has so many tweaks and tips that it'll make you want to buy it with next day shipping from Amazon...  which by the way is always dead-on with shipping.