My original plan is to get a small device to do couple of tasks. easy carry when traveling, play my movies and music, do Skype, easy Web Browsing.I bought Kindle fire first, feel good when I hold it, great display quality and I like it in the first place. Then I found the volume is too low. I have to put in the Max position all the time when I watch Amazon instant movies. The speaker sounds poor. Not just too low to hear, but poor quality. The Amazon silk for the Web Browsing is painful to use, feel too much framed, more like a handhold device, such as a smart phone. touch response is not always work. hard to check battery level ... etc. I called Amazon customer service about the volume problem, but someone suggested me to use earpiece. After the call, I decided to return it. For Kindle Fire, it may have a good hardware except speaker part, but poor software user interface except for Amazon.com part. I'm not going to keep a device just for shopping with Amazon.com. I can not even watch Amazon's instant video comfortably due to the cheap speaker. Additional, the 5GB storage is too small to use. It is useless and nothing to do with my original plan.I bought a 64GB Playbook from blackberry website this month with a very good price. It exceed my expectations for both of hardware and software sides. when I do Web Browsing, compare with a phone like Kindle Fire, it's more like a normal high end laptop with pretty high speed. just smaller size and easier to carry during the trip than the laptop, the tool bar on the screen is very easy to use and hide, well designed user interface, quick touch response, because of the interface, I feel Playbook having a much bigger screen during web browsing than the Kindle Fire. Great hardware, very well built, great display quality and great SPEAKER quality. 64GB is big enough for me to load some movies during the trip. I tried to play some .flv and .f4v video files without any problem after I bought a $0.99 app MovieFlvPlayer. I feel missing the most is there is no Skype app yet. I wish it will come very soon. Then it will be a perfect device for my original goal. Camera, game and GPS parts are the bonus for me, ( I haven't try GPS yet). Only $100 more than the Kindle Fire. A supper great buy! I just bought two more for my kids as the gift since I do not want to share mine with them.