I purchased the Thrive 32GB about two weeks ago.  While generally speaking, I'm happy with it, I cannot get it to recognize the 32GB SDHC card no matter what I do.  I've erased and reformatted the SDHC card using different EFAT, NFTS, etc etc.  The Thrive will recognized the SDHC, and tell me how much memory I have, but will not allow me to move any apps to it.  My Motorola Droid X does this without any problems whatsoever.  I've spent 10 hours trying to solve this problem to no avail.  If you think you can live with the installed memory, then by all means buy one.  If you are not a computer expert, then reconsider.  Also, Toshiba has no support for this problem other than a Blog with lots of other people trying to figure out how to solve the problem.  This is my first and last Toshiba purchase.Here's another revelation:  the Android Operating System is retarded.  If you are accustomed to using Windows or Mac, you will find that Android does not have any of the sophistication you would normally expect.  The reason they call the 'Apps' is because they are not really full blown Programs, but endless collections of what used to be called utilities (little programs that do certain specific tasks.  You will spend hours looking for apps to do basic things like copying files, printing and so forth  Also, you will end up paying extra for useable apps, and wasting a boatload of time trying to find them.  While many of these are free, may of them monitor your activities, tap into your phone calls and track you using GPS, why they need to do this, I'm not sure.  BE CAREFUL--do not do any banking or financial transactions on the Android system unless you know what you are doing.  I will not.  While I have never been a big fan of Microsoft, less so for Apple, at least they are able to write somewhat professional, somewhat reliable software.  Android is none of this.  It is a collection of hundreds, possibly thousand of apps from all over the world, something to carefully consider before you spend your hard earned money