posting on Apple forums will only get me strong opinions (or whatever euphemism you prefer) from the Apple fanboys who lurk there, so thought i'd post it here, where people may find it useful.have owned this device since Christmas, when my wife got it for me as a present.  it has been very helpful, though the web experience is not always consistent, and printing from it is an interesting project.  not a replacement for a laptop, but great (more optimal than laptop in many ways) for casual web access, email, chat and reading.  periodicals look magnificent.device can be a bit laggy at times, but is mostly quite usable.  wifi eats battery life (3 to 5 hours life, tops, when networked); therefore useful to put it on Airplane mode when just reading, or otherwise consuming local content (that is saved on the iPad itself).upgrade to 4.3 at your own risk.  identical wifi setup before vs. after in our house.  multiple Apple devices including several MacBook Pros, an iPhone 4, 2 iPads and an iPod Touch; but my iPad no longer connects to N networks after the iOS 4.3 upgrade.  even when i took security out, and turned my N router into a public access point with no encryption, it still wouldn't connect (have over 25 years of experience in systems support, ranging from handhelds to mainframes and enterprise networks).  went through the troubleshooting steps recommended on the Apple website.  unproductive.trying to contact Apple support is like shouting at a wall - useless and painful, so didn't even try this time.  i run a technology consulting and support business, and deal with UNIX/Linux and Apple users (admittedly, many more of the latter than of the former).  have noticed marked deterioration in quality of Apple products, both hardware and software, starting late 2010; in my opinion and experience, Apple is becoming a victim of its success.  complacency and denial are creeping in slowly.will be ordering an Android tablet when i'm done typing this, as i need an alternative to offer my clients.  it helps that this tablet will be half the price of the iPad.  the reality for most of my customers is that they want something that works like a toaster (bread goes in; toast comes out; no further effort required), so good enough will be just right.