While never having even held an iPad I can imagine they are, as most Apple products are, a little more refined than some of the Android offerings but for the cost this is a tough tablet to beat.I grabbed mine from the Woot daily deal a few weeks ago and I don't regret it all. I've actually had days when I don't even turn on my big laptop computer since this thing is so useful. This particular unit is a little different in that it does have 3g connectivity built in but, it isn't activated and I simply use wifi which is excellent.I've rooted my Galaxy so I can connect to my rooted original Droid phone's Ad-Hoc network ability. Just know that stock the Galaxy can not see or connect to ad-hoc networks.The device came with Qik and several other apps pre-loaded that are near impossible to remove unless rooted. Qik at the current time is broken and useless, it force closes on almost every device out right now. Maybe they'll sort it out but, until they do the front facing camera isn't much use.Overall the device is amazing to hold, read on, watch videos or photos and listen to Pandora on. I also have a rooted Nook color which is very similar to the Galaxy but, not nearly as smooth and versatile. The Galaxy has .mkv video support out of the box which all by itself makes it worth while to me, converting videos is time consuming.Like most Samsung products this device does have an unusual usb charging/connectivity cable but, it does seem to allow you to utilize any usb plug for charging purposes unlike the Nook which is proprietary all the way.If you were considering the Galaxy or the B&N; Nook color device, I'd pick the Galaxy easily. Straight out of the box the Galaxy does so much more and it does it smoother. Something else to consider, Angry birds is free in the Android market, B&N; makes you pay for their version, if it matters. You can also install the B&N; Nook reader app on the Galaxy, as well as the Kindle app. There really is no comparison between these two Android devices, the Galaxy wins easily.