Okay, I have had this for 3 weeks now and I think I have seen enough of it to know it.This is my first Apple product, and let me start by saying YUCK! I have now started calling it crApple. All they do it market this product as if it is the best thing in the world, but it is definitely not.So why 3 stars.Pros:Yes there is some good stuff, but I do not know how unique it is to Apple. Size, weight and battery life is super. You can use it the whole day, and angry birds is seriously addictive. It remembers each network and its settings so that I do not have to manually change proxy settings everytime I move from office to another place.Cons:Everyone has said it but I'll say it again: No flash = No point! It is so annoying that you have to keep going from one applet to another to do things that you can normally do on a browser. Seriously, if you tube just decided to use flash and to remove their App I think Apple would go bankrupt.Editing stuff is impossible or as difficult as doing it on your phone, with the exception of a larger keyboard. Speaking of the keyboard I cannot for the life of me understand why apple cannot put arrow keys on it! So annoying! Yes there is a magnifier which allows you to scroll the cursor but how tedious it is!A lot of the other stuff has been mentioned in other reviews but these were teh maain points for me.Also - a note for people considering a laptop or this - buy a laptop. This is the 3rd thing you need.This is really ideal for someone who has a large heavy laptop which stays in one place and needs a lighter device to carry around for just brisk surfing, checking mail, watching some youtube and playing games (ie a bigger version of an iPhone).However, if I knew what I know now I would never have bought this thing. I would wait until google improves Android or microsoft comes up with some hardware that will kick Apple of its perch, because there is nothing like a normal windows operating system. I need flash, I need to be able to open, edit and  attach my edited files to gmail through a browser. I need flash (yes I said it again). I also want to be able to download whatever software I like and run it, without it having to be a mobile App.I think what has happened is that I made the mistake of thinking that the bigger screen meant that this was a real computer, rather than just another mobile device with all its limitation. So don;t buy this if you think you are getting a real computer. It is just a bigger version of a phone, and if it is not the 3G version it is just a rich mans toy.