I personally have not read reviews that discuss the use of tablets with the "older generation". I thought I would share my experience. I think my review would also fit the category for others, such as people with less mobility.My parents ages 86 and have used a windows PC for the last 15 years.Recently they were both ill and after a long hospitalization, had to go to a assisted living facility for 1 month.Both of them were missing their computer to help pass the hours. Moving their PC to assisted living was not really an option so we bought a Acer Iconia Tab. This tablet has been one of our best purchases ever!As you can imagine there was a learning curve, for myself and them, but they were using the tablet the first day and have used it daily since. My parents returned home after 1 month. They have had their Acer for over 9 months now and use it all the time. They still have their PC which they do use but the pc is their second choice. Every time I am in their home one of them is using the Acer. They love it!My sister was home this summer and brought her IPAD, which she loves.  After playing with my parents Acer, she admitted that this tablet was excellent and offered all the features that she uses.What do they use the Acer for?  Reading books, playing card games, reading the internet, reading the paper, looking up football stats, looking up TV programs, e-mail, video chatting with their children and grandchildren that live out of state.  They also have pictures and music on their Acer. I think the Acer has helped keep both of them more mentally alert.Both of my parents are still mobile and are able to sit in their computer chair with their PC, neither of them can sit at the computer more than 30-45 minutes.  Having the Acer that is so portable has allowed them to sit in their very comfortable lift chairs.Reliablity?  (crossing my fingers) The acer has worked perfect for 9 months and still counting.Would I purchase an Acer Tablet again?  Yes in a heartbeat. I hope to purhase one for myself one day, and I know they would love another one so they would not have to share!