I have been working with the Thrive for about a month and am satisfied with the performance.  As a recently retired person I didn't need a full featured laptop.  Just something that would do basic internet tasks so I would not be occupying my wife's business desktop.  For that, it has proved more than adequate.I purchased the 16GB model and added a 16GB SD card and also the Logitech Blutooth keyboard, since screen keyboards are stil not good for long emails even with "sliding" enhancements.I too experienced a bit of the problem with sleep mode however updates have cured that completely, at least for me.The USB port is expecially handy for transferring music and other files.The one star reduction has more to do with the Android Honeycomb environment rather that the Thrive performance.  I would still like to have a more robust document (especially text document) editor and Google has not yet seem to have perfected the Google Docs iteration with the Android environment and it seems it is a problem both with phones and tablets according to internet chatter.The Logitech keyboard works fine when editing in GDocs "mobile" mode but in this mode it is basically the equivalent of Windows Notepad and I would hope that they could get it up to a Wordpad editing level.  Don't need full Word, but something just a bit better that a plain text editor.  One can get to the desktop" version of GDocs however through the browser that comes with the Thrive, it wont let you input any text or really format the text that you have already input in mobile mode.  I suppose that Google is working on fixes for these shortcomings. (I am writing this review on the Thrive with the Logitech keyboard so you see it does work very well in other environments).Having lugged around laptops on business trips and vacations, I really do like this direction in technology. Tucking a tablet under your arm on a trip is like heaven.  And I will put in a good word for the Logitech Blutooth keyboard as a wonderful travel companion to the tablet.The number of apps will eventually improve as Android tablets become more prolific.  I am sure that Google has the horsepower of an Apple, and needs some time to catch up.