Before playbook, I have some pre- existing experiences using iPad2 and Xoom. And I definitely have to sit by my Windows Laptop/PC when I need browse websites extensively and seriously.Ok, here is my personal experience which I'd like to share:What I like (relative to other tablets):(1). The form factor. It is portable in reality, yet with workable/watchable screen size. Even it is only 0.9lb and 0.4inch thin, I hope, in the future, all tablets can be made lighter (say 0.1-0.2lb) and thinner (0.1-0.2 inch) if possible at all. For now, this playbook is the best for my personal preference;(2). The web surfing. The browser is very professional and extremely fast. It loads webpages EXACTLY THE SAME as a Windows PC does. No sacrifice being a tablet. This is the first tablet in it's class. Why other tablets couldn't have done the same thing? I don't understand;(3). The multitasking. I like to have a music or video playing in the background while surfing the web.(4). The high build quality and low profile looking. It's neat and looks just like a regular book when put in case. Very well built and very low profile in appearance.(5). The price. Moving forward, $299 will be what I'm willing to pay for a top level quality tablet.What need to be clarified:(1). Blackberry Bridge Vs. Internet tethering.  When you have Bridge setup with your blackberry smartphone, the  Playbook is nothing but a display. So, everything you seem to "run" on Playbook is FREE because in reality, it is your smartphone is running. I found in a couple reviews, reviewers said there is a charge from AT&T; for Playbook. That is because those reviewers were using internet tethering, not Bridge, on their Playbooks. I google'd and found the following link to be useful in solving the confusion:<[...]>(2). Apps. I downloaded about 20 apps for kids to play when we were out. I don't feel I am limited in any case. If you would like to be immersed by 1,000,000 available apps but in reality you only need 300, then you will have to keep your iPad for the best possibility. One question to ask: there are millions of songs generated each year, how many songs do you really listen to?What I don't like:Playbook OS 2.0 (with native email, calendar, and contact) didn't come with it. I'll have to wait until Feb.