OK, after seeing my niece get an iPad2 I began a search for my own tablet. I even bought two others, only to return them: the price wasn't worth the poor quality/performance they gave. I would have bought the iPad2 since I LOVE the style and size of it (only the HP TouchPad is similar in size) but I didn't want to get locked into the Apple APPS, iTunes, and other closed-systems that the foolish Apple company seems to prefer. Also, the thing that really killed my purchase of an iPad was the complete lack of anyway to upload your data to it: no USB or micro-USB port, no SD slot, NOTHING! How dumb can anyone be? USB stands for UNIVERSAL serial bus, that means everyone is using it! That means your product should use it as well! Apple dummies. I went to Best Buy after reviewing for many hours on Amazon the various tablets and settled on the Thrive 32G. The price was high, $500+ but its a beautiful machine. The battery life last far longer than most people would use it; are you REALLY going to sit and play with the thing for 7+ hours? Haha. I doubt it. In addition, the Thrive has a gorgeous display.On the down side the Thrive is very thick and bulky, AND heavy! I don't like this. Its also a rectangle, not a nice square like the iPads. If the Thrive had been iPad sized, I would have rated it 5 stars, weight not-withstanding. Its also NOT loaded with alot of bloatware or junk, which is nice. I dislike the fact that it came with almost NO instructions, you have to print it off yourself from the Toshiba site; come on guys, LAMESAUCE! Give us a physical instruction book, okay? Some people many not have a printer, geez. Oh, and it collects fingerprints, so I am gonna have to get some sort of cover. Finally, it came with nothing extra; no extra battery, no carrying case, NOTHING. Hey Toshiba guys, do yourself a favor and stand out in the tablet market by supplying a physical instruction manual and an extra battery or case: you might get extra sales by adding a few minor "extras" like these, you will certainly get word-of-mouth if you give out a few of these simple goodies.Overall the product is excellent, I will be showing it to all my family and friends and am THRILLED to have a full-sized USB port in it: I can attach all sorts of stuff to it and use my thumb-drives to really make things hum. The Toshiba Thrive is far superior to the iPad for many reasons, including an "open market" by using the android system, USB and SD ports, and better graphics.