I believe the product is actually nice - what little I've gotten to use it, I've liked it.  However, mine developed a display issue within 24 hrs.  So, I'm rating based on this - original rating was a 1.The image appeared fine at first, but the next day the display was blurry with pixels and lines flickering.  The unit immediately downloaded updates after doing initial setup - I'm thinking this could have caused the video problem.  However, even after doing a factory reset (per Acer support) it didn't resolve the issue.  It appeared all was fine after the reset, but that didn't last long.  I thought that the updates would download again after doing the factory reset, but it says no updates available...and the Android version shows it's at 3.2, so apparently the updates are still loaded.I now have to ship it in for repair.  Not happy about having to do that - I could have saved money and originally bought refurbished...if that's what I had wanted.  Now, I've bought new and will end up with a refurbished unit.Although I am very disappointed at this moment, I beleive I'll like the Tablet when/if it comes back and has no other problems....----------------Decided to cancel the repair order and get a replacement from Amazon instead.  This will be my first experience in returning something to Amazon.  Just couldn't see having to send something in for repair with a problem that developed within 24 hrs.  I'll get the replacement in a few days - faster than the turn-around time for repair.  Here's hoping the new one works without any problems!I'll update the rating based on my experience with the replacement.------------------Replacement from Amazon arrived quickly.  All looked good.  It took several attempts to get the updates to download, but finally completed today.  I don't know which of the many things I tried actually fixed the problem, but all downloads today were successful.  The new tablet is now up to version 3.2 and the screen still looks sharp.  So, I am very pleased, at this point.My suggestion if purchasing this tablet is to unbox, plug in, then immediately start updates (after WiFi configuration, that is) - don't surf or add apps, just get the updates installed.Now, I can actually start enjoying this tablet!  I do like it.I'm updating the rating to a 4 - can't go with a 5 due to the issues.  Amazon was easy to work with in returning the original - all done online and via email.