Received my EP121 a week or so ago from Amazon.  My first impression is that it is so huge!  A lot larger than I expected.  Like that it runs Windows out of the box, but not too successful getting Linux on it yet.  Oh, Linux will install all right, and the touch pen works straight away, but unless you have the keyboard connected, you won't be able to touch-type as windows allows.  There is no way to pull up the virtual keyboard or handwriting pad.  This may be solved in time because it is still a fairly new device and is the price early adopters must pay.I have two ASUS 12" netbooks, a Atom powered 1201N and an i3 powered UL20FT.  I found the netbooks easier to use than the slate.  Maybe I just need to get used to using a slate, as this is my first one.  For productivity, I'll use the netbooks...for fun, I'll use the slate.  It is also quite expensive.  You can purchase two ASUS netbooks, maximize the memory modules, upgrade the winchester, and add an external DVD drive for the same price as one ASUS slate.Not complaining, I didn't have to spend the money.  Was more curious than anything and I'm pretty satisfied with the ASUS product line, (I have a 701, 901, two 10" netbooks and the two aforementioned 12" netbooks - all great machines.)  I only rated this device four stars because it is more expensive than what it should be.  Two-thirds of the current price would be about right.- - - - -Minor niggles.  You ladies, figure breaking a few fingernails opening the USB port covers.  USB ports extremely tight.  You have to really push the things in to seat.  Feels like pushing in a USB device when the orientation is not correct.  These are harder to seat than any USB port I have ever used.  Difficult to remove the SD card slot cover.  Maybe another broken fingernail?  I just might leave that cover off permanently.  Fan loud when inside folio; not so loud when out of folio.+1 for including a bluetooth keyboard.  Works well.  Wish the folio has a pouch to hold the keyboard.  Now, if I can only find my bluetooth mouse...