I have been using iPad for 10 days and decided to walk away. It is a nice tablet device that I primarily was planning to use as:  - ebook reader while using public transportation  - showing movies to kids during vacation trips  - using as picture hub on vacations to store/review/sort photos  - browser (one that I can use on the sofa)  - generic computer for vacations and travel (way lighter than notebook)  - viewing and occasionally answering email at home when primary iMac is occupied.Usually Apple devices are aesthetically pleasant to work with. iPad is not an exception, unless you are outside. The device is great for reading at home in controlled light (though a bit harder on the eyes comparing to e-ink readers), but outside (on a train/bus) it has serios glare and reflections on the screen even without direct sunlight. It felt annoying. I guess after months of use one gets used to it, but in a few days I haven't started enjoying reading with it. I wonder if matte screen would have done better.As far as watching movies, its mono speaker lacks power. I guess I'm not a typical user here as I got two kids, so headphones aren't an option. Getting its speakers up to the iMac level would be excellent. I realize that it's hard to fit on a way smaller device, but a little bit better speakers would actually let two persons watch movie together. Again, glare and reflection of yourself on dark scenes are guaranteed in pretty much every lighting condition. Some people don't bother about it; some people do, so see for yourself.Having SD port would be great to transfer photos from my camera. I don't really want to mess with extra cords here.Overall, it's been a pity to see device coming short of expectations.  I'll wait for 2nd version, and would love to see better screen, better speakers and SD port there. And a camera would let me Skype. I don't care much about flash or multi-tasking.Apple, please, do something about the glare/reflections. These "great" glossy screens aren't that great for some of us, I do have mirror at home already. That stands for both iPad and iMac. Old white iMacs had way better matte screens than current glossy ones. Having matte as an option would be excellent.