Re-doing my review - have had a few weeks to play with itStock, out-of-the box, this is a 1 star device - the stock Rom that Coby is using is slow and has too many bugs.Rooted with a custom Rom (see more below) - 4 out of 5 stars for this price range (i.e. for less than $200, if you root it and install a different Rom, you will like it)Graphics Issues (i.e. Angry Birds not working well) - There is a graphics fix that you can run, but you need to be rooted (Google: "kyros, graphics fix" and follow the androidtablets instructions).  I did this and it immediately fixed the graphics issues.  I then wiped the Kyros and installed a custom Mod (Honeycomb) and the graphics fix was incorporated into this Mod, so no need to run it separately.Coby support for this tablet is terrible, but the community support is impressive - I stick with androidtablets DOT net and tipstir.the-talk DOT net and have gotten all of the help I could possibly want.Custom ROM:  I am running Honeycomb B9 now (Google: "HoneyComb TC21-HCV955-B9" and use tipstir's instructions - very easy).  There is also Watery and CyanogenMod, neither of which I've tried - since Cyanogen is Froyo-based, I'm considering giving it a try.Rooting is easy with z4root - just install Clockwork Recovery first and always run a backup prior to installing a fix or a mod.  I followed the instructions on androidtables DOT net using the thread titled "Rooting and Google Marketplace using update to 7015A....step by step process" - skip forward to Post #70 and those are the exact steps I followed to root my Kyros.  If you want to install a custom ROM, skip the gapps part as the Google apps will be installed with the ROM.Honeycomb ROM:  Very slick and the Kyros runs MUCH faster on this ROM than the stock ROM.Last note....Coby just released the 8 series (MID 8024) for this device.  It's running a 1GHZ processor and 512MB RAM - much better than the 7.  It also has Android 2.2 instead of 2.1 (big improvement).  I've seen it as cheap as $199, but it looks like it will sell on Amazon for about $237 - If your budget will allow this price, go for the MID 8024 instead - if you need to stick with <$150, then this is a good buy as long as you are willing to root it.  I gave this one to a 3yr old, so I didn't want to spend too much - she now plays with this daily and it is her new favorite toy (even added a 16GB SD card and copied some of her favorite videos over and now she can watch them on her tablet)