I've owned and have tried several brands of laptops/tablets before. Dell, HP, Fujitsu, Toshiba, and Apple, to name a few. And so far Asus has a very good track record with me, especially when it comes to the quality of the screen. So when I saw the eee slate and that not only was it an Asus product but that it had a wacom digitizer, a multitouch capacitive screen, an i5 processor and was priced under $1500, I had no choice but to get it, and I am happy I did : )So what do I do with this device? I'm a software engineer, in profession and hobby. So currently I'm mostly running Visual Studio, and learning how to develop software for stylus and touch input. But I'm also an artist, I like to visualize concepts, do sketches, diagrams and design type work. So this device allows me to do the things I want to do, things I can't completely or easily do on a device like an iPad or Galaxy Tab.I like the case, it has a nice fresh leather kind of smell to it, having a professional feel. It isn't perfect, as it can at times block the unlock/lock switch for auto-rotation of windows.That said there are things that would have made this product better.While the quality of the Bluetooth keyboard is good, it's Bluetooth. Bluetooth keyboards don't work in bios or Windows safe mode, and can't wake up a sleeping PC. Also they need to be explicitly connected, instead of being automatically connected out of the box. They should either have a bios which supports bluetooth keyboards, or replace the bluetooth keyboard with a wireless usb keyboard, or not have a keyboard at all and reduce the cost of their product.No wintab driver/dll. A number of legacy applications won't work with the stylus because of this. Gimp for example doesn't work. I tried installing drivers from Wacom's website but it crashed the eee slate and I had to go into windows safe mode to remove the drivers.USB connectors are extremely tight. I had to connect a keyboard to use windows safe mode, and it was extremely difficult to connect and remove the usb connector. I should also note that the touch screen and stylus also don't work in windows safe mode.Battery runtime is low but that is typical of the Windows x86 platform.Speakers are not great. They are better than many other devices I've used, but with the default settings I have found myself having to constantly adjust the volume rocker while watching Netflix or Youtube, but you can improve the situation by turning on 'Loudness Equalization', which is under the 'Sound Effects' tab in the 'Realtek HD Audio Manager' in the 'Control Panel' (just type "realtek" in the start menu search).