I am a 40yo married woman attending college. I needed another computer, but, refused to get anything less than a Dell. I've been a die-hard fan of Dell computers since 1999 when I got my first new Dell desktop. By that time, I had pretty well tried everything else there was and they never would last me. However, I didn't want a bulky laptop, not the fragility of a normal netbook. Dell had the solution! Dell Inspiron Duo was it! With the Core Duo Intel and the large hard drive and the convenience of a tablet! Out of the box, it was a little more heavy than the temporary netbook I was using. Sturdier, more hardy outer shell that is rubberized! Very impressed with that feature, my last netbook was slick plastic and would slide all over my lapdesk and into the floor. The touchscreen was the clearest I'd ever seen on a netbook. Usually had to strain my eyes to see the screen on my old netbook. Sleek design actually thinner than my old netbook, however, there was no VGA output or cardreader to make it thicker for.  I am not a touchscreen fan of any kind and my Husband is befuddled why I would buy one. However, I use the netbook portion more than anything, anyway. After reading some of the feedback for this wonderful machine, I was quite scared that it was going to cause problems.(ie; black screens, shut downs, and crashes.) So far, this thing has worked for me seamlessly in any mode. As for the machine being slow? No. I had my Husband partition the hard drive and it is as fast as any dual core processor I've seen. The internet browsing and multiple actions slowing it down, no again. My internet is troublesome as is, the router that the ISP I have sold to me majorly sucks. The Dell cruises the internet fast and I've had as many as 6 different pages up and it works fine. The ONLY problem I've had is with the SHOCKWAVE. I tried to stream the New Years Eve ball dropping countless times and it made a fluttering sound within the machine and crashed twice. I do know that the websites I was going to was experiencing high volume and I couldn't get the website up on our desktop or our laptop. As for the sound and crashing, I plan to see if there are any issues for the Shockwave itself on the Dell website.  All in all, it is a perfect companion for me and I am not in the leased bit disappointed in it! It is a great machine and I am STILL a DIE-HARD fan of Dell!