Picked up this tablet so I can play with the recently released Windows Developer Preview (of Windows 8). Plus, I also wanted to play around with the AMD Fusion APU and see what it can do. The tablet has an average design that probably won't turn any heads. The display is good, but the resolution is a little on the low side (you will want 1366x768 for Win8). The performance of the APU is great. I was expecting something like an Intel Atom, but it is much faster than your usual netbook. The hardware accelerated graphics are very useful, and you can even play some StarCraft 2 (low settings). It plays 1080p Flash videos without any issues or hiccups, but it can be strained when watching high quality 1080p MKV rips (720p MKV rips are fine). UEFI BIOS is amazing when paired with an SSD drive, especially when combined with Windows 8. Boot/sleep/hibernate performance is amazing. On WDP, the sleep/wake takes 1 second, cold boot takes about 10 seconds (from the time you press the power button to login screen). Obviously the times will be slower when using Windows 7. I get about 6-7 hours of battery life with a combination of web browser and media playback. One of the biggest downsides is the small SSD. There are also driver issues when running in the 64-bit version of Windows (7 and 8). This wouldn't be a big deal in 2005, but we are now in 2011, and Acer needs to support both 32-bit and 64-bit operating systems. The biggest downside (and the reason this tablet gets 4 stars, not 5) is the Acer techincal support. I contacted them because one of the drivers was malfunctioning. They told me to contact the original component manufacturer in order to get help with this issue. I've worked in the IT business for a while now, and I have never seen any tech support refer a customer to a sub-contractor/parts supplier for help with an issue. I tried calling back at a later time to get a different tech, but they weren't much help either. This is a stark contrast to the support I've received from HP/Dell/Lenovo/ASUS. However, the tablet itself is very good, and highly recommended (assuming you can't wait for a Win8 tablet).Pros:Great APU, relatively powerful processor and graphics chip (for this type of product).Great battery life.UEFI + SSD = fast boot/sleep/wake performance.Good display (quality wise).Relatively light and thin (remember this is a x86 tablet, not an ARM one).Comes with a good keyboard dock.Full-size HDMI port and USB ports.It runs Windows which means you can actually get real work done, and use it like a computer (external peripherals, displays, the whole lot).Cons:Screen resolution is only 1280x800 (need 1366x768 for Windows 8 side-by-side multitasking).SSD is a little small (32gb doesn't sound that bad... until you install Windows on it).It has a fan (this is something you will not get with an ARM tablet)Bad driver support in 64-bit Windows.Questionable Acer support.