UPDATE:::::: After spending more time the other day with the tablet despite the wifi performance issues I noticed another problem... screen "bleeding"!  I know it's common to see a bit of light leakage but my tablet had significant light leaking from 3 sides.  I obviously never noticed it before since I could hardly do anything without a stable wifi connection but last night i tried watching a movie and it is very distracting especially on a black background.to make things worse there is a 15% restocking fee at online retailer i bought the tablet from.  now i'm stuck on whether to send the tablet in to Le Pan under warranty and likely wait forever to get it back or just get rid of it and deal with the 15% fee. :::::::::::::::::UPDATEFirst of all I really wanted to keep the Le Pan II based on the features you get at a great price.  Like others, I also work in IT and have tested the tablet on numerous Wifi networks and settings.  My main problem is the slow and inconsistent data speeds.  The wifi connection is strong and will stay connected but the data speeds are terrible.  So you can imagine anything from web browsing, youtube, facebook, or anything that requires data is painfully slow.For testing purposes I was lucky enough to have two (2) Le Pan II tablets on hand.  I also tested and compared the Le Pan's with a Nook Color (rooted), Ipad and a HP Touchpad (Rooted, running android).  I basically ran simple speed tests and comparisons on Web Browsing, Streaming Videos, etc.  Unfortunately the Le Pan's almost always came in last.  It would either hang, buffer or keep you waiting and waiting.  Even the Nook Color had a better browsing experience (speed wise).Don't get me wrong, the Le Pan II has alot going for itself especially considering the features at an awesome price.  But what's the point of owning a tablet if you can't get anything done online?As a side note, I've also tried dealing with Le Pan's customer support.  I tried calling numerous times and could never get a "live" person.  I tried e-mailing both the customer service and and support e-mails found on their website to no avail.  I've also opened "tickets" via their website and am yet to receive a response or reply.I'm pretty sure a simple firmware update can fix the WiFi issues but since customer support is almost non-existant, who knows when?