I ordered the galaxy tab a few days ago. It came in within 2 business days. Prior to purchasing this I did allot research and read allot of reviews on it. So, I had high expectations on this product. A few things in the research that stuck out to me are the difference in Wi-Fi only and the contract ones. Yes they do have different specs but not by much. It does freeze for like a few seconds if u confuses it. It doesn't take 5 mins for the SD card scan it took mine 3 mins to scan 23 GB of media. I say that pretty fast and it is there to check for viruses to protect the device. So no one should really care about it they should be happy about that feature. I was also worried about the battery in all the review it didn't see anything mentioned about the battery. So I tested it. I didn't charge it till I died from the time I got it out of the box to the time it got to 9% in that time it was on from 9pm to 6pm the next day. When I opened it I turned it on and began to set it up. After I was done I downloaded an app to show me the exact percent for my personal experiment I noticed it from the time I turned it on it wasn't a full battery. So, as soon as I could I was done setting it up I downloaded a battery app. According to the battery app from the box you get 80% battery. I used it a lot like I would normally maybe more just to know how long I have on it. I personally got in 2.5 hours of internet, 2 hours of audio, 4 hours of video, 1 hour reading, .5 hours of 3d game play and 11 hours idle time. That's a pretty good battery life.I love this device I would recommend it to anyone because even though it has a few negative it a really good product and there is no such thing as a perfect product because you can't please everyone. I say Samsung did a great job. Also, all the people who were mad about the difference do research before buying anything. Find out which one is best for you, look at them all, this product could have not been for you or they are tech-nerd who will not every be happy with any product because of too high expectations. Remember this isn't a computer or laptop it is a tablet. It will be slower look at the size it can't do what those can do because of the size. (Yes, I did read reviews comparing this product to a laptop and computer)