I wanted to upgrade from iPod touch to a tablet with a bigger screen. I want 4:3 and capacitive touch screen for viewing Bible and music sheets, and the normal web stuff. But iPad costs too much. Cruz T301 seems to be the only product that meet my criteria.The good:A solid product. The screen is bright and beautiful, with very good viewing angle both vertically and horizontally. The capacitive screen works well, typing is effortless. Battery life is good. Most, but not all, applications that I care for do run on it. I'm especially happy to see Weather & Toggle Widgets run on it. So does Evernote, Dropbox, Googlemap (no GPS, but great for checking traffic). WIFI works well, connects and reconnects quickly.The not so good:First impression is that it's noticeably heavier then Kindle. But I got used to it after a while. Second thing I noticed is that the processor is slow. I need to swipe slowly, and expect a little lag for the tablet to respond at times. It takes some practice to avoid registering a 'press' when I really wanted to swipe. The 7" screen is much bigger then other 'narrow' 7" tablets, but still too small for music sheets. Lacking the scroll button causes some problems with some apps, such as going to the next chapter of the Bible.Suggestions:A task killer seems to help with the performance. Although Android experts don't think task killers are useful, but some tasks do run in the background and take up bandwidth. And the T301 needs every clock cycle it can get. Hopefully the next firmware release can improve on this.Freewarelovers.com does have a good collection of apps in installable .apk format. I also ran Astro on my Android phone and backed-up all the applications on the micro SD card as .apk files, then transferred the files to the Cruz via the SD card, and ran Astro on Cruz to install all the apps. Astro saved me a lot of time.Conclusion:For older people who don't have good eye sight, don't care for games, the T301's screen is big enough for reading and access the net, and quite portable. For me, this is my poor man's iPad.