You've heard the expression "Don't give up your day job" well, "Don't give up your laptop or more importantly your desktop."  This is a reasonably appointed tablet with extended features and conveniences and as with all tablets, sharp limitations.  It sits somewhere between computer and phone leaning more toward the phone paradigm--even though it's Wi-Fi.  Not as proprietary and limited as the "iStuff" (removable battery) but control is in the hands of "The" Android (Cloud aka Fog).  Don't expect granular customization and control and you won't be disappointed.What you may not know or may need to know:* No NTFS capability (most hard drives are not currently accessible without formatting to a different FAT)* No Skype (currently)--acquisition Microsoft ??* No Netflix (currently)--partnership Microsoft??* No optical drive capability (via USB)* USB 2.0 not 3.0--What?* Multitasking but no native ability to close--shutdown--open apps (without shutting down the OS)* No current availability to get Root access (admin rights)* Limited or no ability to remove embedded programs (apps), partners, junk ware--the ever unwanted* No Outlook without Exchange or porting to Google AppsAnnoyances:* Widespread sleep recovery bug (right out of the gate)Incidental issues:* Somewhat hard to find/push power-on button* Dangling port cover* No camera flash* Some will whine "weight" but for many it's easily a worthwhile trade offI like this "gadget" for what it is--a niche item with great appeal, mobility, potential and easy access.  The future will probably see these things hanging around the house like calculators--though the current price point is rather steep for many.  The integrated Cloud initiative is a convenience/ impulse initiative and business plan that may drain your wallet with dubious nickel and diming apps, games, music, videos and siphoning subscriptions.  If you're any kind of a control freak, like the concept of ownership and being at the wheel or under the hood, stick to a computer. Google/ Toshiba are most certainly not running day to day operations out of these things. If you have the discretionary cash this is a complementary addition to what you already have and what a way to fritter away the time!