Like many others I was looking for a tablet that I wouldn't have to download an app to perform basic tasks like editing a document etc.  I received the tablet and after lots of tweaking I was able to get it up and running like a tablet should (minimal boot up time).  The on screen keyboard takes a little getting used to if you use Apple products.  I find I can't type as fast using the on screen keyboard as compared to my iPhone and that maybe because of the screen size (it is pretty big). Now let's get down to the pros and cons.PROS:1. Vibrant, large screen.2. Running windows 7 which I think is a decent OS.3. Lots of additional ports (usb, hdmi) which many tablets don't offer.4. Hard drive space can be expanded.5. Satisfactory web browsing experience.6. Decent sound quality.CONS:1. Video streaming absolutely sucks.  I tried Netflix and also my dish online and they both buffer on all of the browsers I tried.  Youtube streaming only works well when streaming low res videos anything 720p and above stutters alot.  My other two laptops which are connected to the same wireless access point, stream videos without issue so it is clearly an issue with this tablet and unless I find a solution to this streaming issue it will be going back.  There's no reason why my iPhone can stream video over 3g and this tablet can't stream wired or wireless without bufferring and stuttering literally every 2 seconds.  Playing videos on my dlna network seem to work fine but it's just streaming videos over the web that I'm having a hard time with.2. Compared to other tablets it is quite heavy but I knew that prior to purchasing it based on other reviews I read.3. The dock keyboard design leaves alot to be desired. The screen is heavier than the keyboard and it tips over.  I have a netbook so using this as a laptop was not a requirement for me when I purchased it.I really like the tablet but the video playback issue really has me stumped and I've come across other tablet owners online who are encountering similar issues.  I've tried some of the recommended solutions but nothing seems to be working for me.  If I can't find a viable solution in 30 days I will definitely return it and continue my search for a tablet.  Because of this I have to rate this 3 stars for now.