Evaluated this as a gift for xmas 2010.  First time on a tablet.  I am generally a strong PC user and was interested in seeing what value I might get from a tablet.  Evaluated for:BROWSING WEB:  Perhaps there are websites that have or will have custom interfaces for tablets, but I couldn't find them yet.  So hard to browse in a font size 6.  I have big fingers, so a capacitance touch means missing the mark and going somewhere else unwanted 25% of the time.  The double tap to zoom in they suggest helps, but some sort of active touch is really a required feature to make a small screen browser work - and they don't have it.  Also I kept waiting and waiting for updates to show.  This is the same wireless I use that updates in seconds on the laptop but takes anywhere from 20 to 40 seconds on this tablet.FILE ACCESS:I opened the user guide in a pdf form.  Ok.  But I could read/scan an entire page in 6 point font faster than the next page would load.  I really am impressed on how it's so slow.  Seems like file transfers, save open are ok to manage.MOVIES:I tried to access Amazon videos and Hulu, where I get movies.  But they are all flash driven which will never be supported on this device.  I read that 780p will run, barely, if you have the formats supported.  Hulu would not even deal with Android, but showed a message they were working on a solution.  So perhaps in the future?Email:Other than webmail services, can't see anyway to access my standard pop3 account.Microsoft Office:They advertise a viewer with no edit/print/etc functionality.  I suppose a viewer is good now and then.APPs:I'm not a social network person - don't have the time.  So I did not try the installed apps out to see what's up with these interfaces.  Could not access the apps store in ten minutes trying, so gave up.E READER:I did not connect to the Borders APP.  My impression from research is that it works.  I'm not sure how big the library is, but I read that people can eventually connect with Amazon.  I also concur battery life is days - good.  But then they are competing with kindle that goes for weeks.SUMMARY - I think this is an eREADER product with sufficient battery life.  It would double as an inefficient social network and browsing tool.  For most other uses, if you put any value on your time, clearly the CRUZ would be dominated by other leading tablet products.  Eventually I think there will be more easily found mainstream online video solutions to use this to view videos - but not today.  This is a short term throw-away product for probably every function but eReader and torturous browsing as improvements in the user experience and cost of the alternative tablet products in about 8 months will make continuing usage of the device impractical.