Okay let me start off by saying that I did not buy my Nexus 7 from Amazon. I recieved it as a gift, but after a month of use I felt that I needed to tell others about it.I have played with an ipad, a samsung galaxy tab, and a kindle fire so I know my tablets pretty well.I use my Nexus to play games, stream videos, surf the web, and take notes during class, and these are some observations that I have made.PROSHardware- The Nexus 7 boasts extremely impressive hardware including a 1.2 gHz processor, 1gb of ram, and (in this case) 32gb of storage space.Android OS- The Jelly Bean Android OS is amazing, smooth, and works well with the 7in tablet design. For me switching from iOS to Jelly Bean felt like taking the training wheels off of my bicycle. At first I felt overwhelmed but after a day I was able to figure out the OS and am now able to operate it with ease. Jelly Bean is extraordinarily customization since you can find several different customization apps on the Google Play store.Google Play- Apple boasts that it has the largest selection of mobile applications in the world. While this may be true, the Google Play store also has a large selection of apps that allow you to do anything from playing games to streaming TV shows and movies. All of the more popular apps (angry birds, facebook, netflix, hulu, skype, etc) are there.Size and build- The 7in size of the Nexus 7 is perfect for the person who is on the go often. You can easily slip it into a purse or a bag, even with a case, and you can hold it easily with one hand even if you have smaller hands. People tend to complain about the "rubber" back of the tablet but I happen to like it. It doesn't slip when its on a desk or table and feels nice and solid in your hands.Battery Life- My nexus can last a couple of days of use even with light video watching. Sometimes I can get through an entire day while only using 20% of the battery (though usually this sould be a day of pretty light use).CONSLagging- Sometimes the tablet will lag quite significantly. A quick restart fixes the problem thoughThickness- Not a problem for me, but some people prefer a thinner tablet. The Nexus is a little thick, especially compared to an iPad.No rear camera- Personally I never plan to take pictures with my tablet when I have a nice phone handy. However it is good to know that the Nexus does not have a rear camera. It does have a front-facing camera that can be used for video chatting.CONCLUSIONIt you are looking for a 7in tablet that will last you a while, look no further. I would definitely recommend that you buy the Nexus 7.