I purchased the Blackberry Playbook over Black Friday (2011) weekend after recently returning Amazon's Kindle Fire.  I wanted a device more portable then my iPad that would provide both entertainment and functionality.  After watching/reading several reviews on the Blackberry Playbook, I was super stoked to receive mine!Unfortunately, that enthusiasm didn't last very long.  I quickly discovered how, um, blah the device was.  RIM did an amazing job with the QNX operating system; it's super faster, beautiful, and an absolute pleasure to use.  With that being said, the lack of app. support in the Blackberry community has left this device struggling to find its place among smart phones and the iPad.Without apps., you basically have a device with a camera that can play movies.  Sure, there's the internet and such.  But it's a WiFi only device (unless you have a Blackberry smartphone to bridge).  If you find yourself out of range of a hotspot, there's nothing left to do except watch movies/listen to music.I suppose you could read a book.  But wait!  There's no Kindle app.  Instead, you have a Kodo application in which you're expected to repurchase your library.Sigh.  I'm really disappointed with this device.  It has such great potential if the community would get behind it and support it.  To be honest, I don't see that happening.  With Apple's IOS dominating the majority of the tablet world and Google's Android sucking up what's left over, I don't see much room for a new "competitor".So to break it down, here's my Pros & Cons list.Pros:-Beautiful Design-Portable-Great camera (can record in 1080HD)-Beautiful and fast operating systemCons:-Lack of app. selection-No Netflix app. and the Playbook's browser isn't supported by their online streaming service-No Skype-No Zinio-No "good" eBook reader-No native email or calendar app. on the device (they include web shortcuts to Gmail, Hotmail, etc.)As you can see, the majority of the cons are due to a lack of app. support from developers.  Until there's more support for this device, you're stuck with a 7" internet browsing/movie watching device.  And if that's what you want, just get an iPad; bigger screen, more enjoyable experience.  And as I said earlier, if you're out of range of a WiFi hotspot, you're pretty much SOL.Overall, I rate the device's design, operating system, and smoothness a 5/5.  But with its lack of apps., the functionality and capability of this device is a 2/5.  :(