I got the Cruz T301 for my oldest daughter (14) for Christmas from Radio Shack,(my younger twins (12) I bought the Kindel keyboard Wi-Fi)I wanted `e-readers' with e-mail ability, maybe some extras, but not personal computers.WHEN REVIEWING THE CRUZ T301, CONSIDER...* GmailIt works! It even gets prompts of incoming email (via Wi-Fi). Sets up just like my Samsung android cell phone.* Angry BirdsYes, I heard it doesn't work on the Cruz.Back when I was researching which android cell phone to get, it seems there are two different type of touch screen technologies,.. which is why some types of screens won't work with the touch pens, and why some apps won't work on some phones.  (so far, my daughter hasn't experienced android games, she has an x-box)  Whichever display they put on the Cruz, it looks pretty good.* You-TubeWorks Great. I didn't know the Cruz came installed with this app. My Wi-Fi router is downstairs. My daughter watches the You-Tube music videos upstairs with her skullcandy earbuds,.. no hesitation with the 256 Ram. Did I mention the great display? (this is her favorite feature so far)* E-reader (Amazon Kindle App)I downloaded each of my daughters some books thru my Amazon account. They were mostly the ones I `purchased' for free.  I was surprised to notice that whatever I ordered one for Kindle or Cruz, it would show up available to install on the others.  So they all have whatever I purchased, linked thru my amazon account. Obviously I need to be aware that if I order a romance novel (not that I would do that- a guy thing), my youngest daughter may have that available.-note- all my daughters love reading with the Cruz and Kindles.* 4GB  vs 2GB>>>>>  I read somewhere that the 2.0 version shows the full 4gb memory if installed.  When updated to 2.2, the memory is still 4gb, but 2gb for the processor and Cruz programs isn't displayed,  and the 2gb for available storage is show (non SD Card).  <<<<<I think my daughter's is only 2GB total.....  She has about 300 books downloaded onto her Cruz.  User Storage----  Total Space  0.91 GB,  Available Space  748 MB  Application Storage----  Avail. Space  441MBI have a 4GB card that I haven't installed yet,but will probably buy a 16GB class 10 for music and such when she's not near a wi-fi.*Notes:Box has a dot on the 256 Ram.  Android 2.0, but has a 2.2 sticker. (installed version is 2.2.1) - I haven't updated yet, but thought I read 2.2.3 is available.Cruz website says '2.2' update is available, so I'm not sure which that is though.Overall, I am Extremly satisfied, knew the limitations, and suprised by some of the bonuses.A great low price point e-reader with email.If I plan to purchase another E-reader or tablet, one for myself, I will probably get a Kindle Fire.(A completely different Price Point)