Its been a little over a couple of months since I purchased my 64G Playbook from Amazon. I travel a lot and hence a 7 inch tablet is a welcome relief from lugging around my laptop. With the updated software(OS Version 2.1.0.1032) start-up takes about less than 3 minutes. So far I have 125 applications, 380 music, 24 videos, 300 photos and 719 documents and books with still 37G to spare. The browser, for me, is fast and reliable, supporting flash which is a big plus for me. Battery life is pretty decent when i read books or watch movies.The update in the OS provides for the inclusion of SMS in the blackberry bridge which means I no longer need to pull out my phone to check on SMS from friend or the office. I bought the HDMI cable and an adapter which allows me to plug it into the tv set or pc monitor if i need a bigger screen when typing out documents or watching movies. I also use it for client presentations, hooking it up to a projector or their LED screens and I turn on the bridge and use it in presenter mode (yes this feature is also available in the more popular tablets, but it seems most of their owners have not familiarize themselves and hence are surprised and impressed when I do this with the playbook). Video Quality is OK but then again is dependent on the quality of the video you upload into your playbook. The cameras (3MP front and 5MP back) are great for shots with decent lighting (no flash). You can record videos (HD Quality as well).If i am in a non-wifi spot I just tether it to my phone and and use my phone's data plan.I have not felt so far "the lack of applications" in the blackberry appworld as I already downloaded what I feel I need for now. Here are 25 of my most frequently used downloaded apps:1)  EPUB Book Reader2)  News 3603)  Box4)  Business Analysis Toolbox5)  Conqu6)  CreatePPT7)  Currency Converter8)  EasyNotes29)  Groovy Notes10) Learn Thai11) Marketing 10112) Maps and GPS with Google Maps+13) My Travel Diary14) MyExpense Pro15) PDF Creator16) Scratch Pad17) Touch for Linkedin18) World Factbook Pro19) Fruit Slash20) Dead SPace21) Modern Combat22) Air Attack23) Shadow Gun24) Hangman25) Get brains26) SleepsterFacebook, NFS, Tetris, Docs to Go, You Tube, Print to go are already pre-loaded. Unfortunately Skype is not yet native to the Playbook but should i need to use it, crackberry.com pointed me to imo.im.which is an instant messaging you can access when using the browser ([...]).For my work and play requirements? So far so great!