I bought the Le Pan 970 about 2 years ago because (a) it was on sale and (b) it packs a TON of features that I need. This wasn't going to be for average use, I installed it in my car as a music player, GPS, and on occasion digital gauge display for MPH/fuel economy/engine temp/etc. I have it connected to a generic 2A USB charge that is triggered with the key. I use Tasker to control the system by telling it when to sleep/wake up and when the screen should remain on/off. It is subject to severe hot and cold weather, vibration, and is often left for days (sometimes well over a week) in a sleep state with literally no problems at all. It refuses to die or malfunction in any way whatsoever, even without being reset or turned off for months at a time.The pluses: GPS works great even in bad weather and inside the car. Bluetooth is very stable and connects to my OBDII dongle every time if need be (I have another tablet that handles the gauges 99% of the time, but this serves as a backup). Screen is excellent even in direct sunlight. Even after days on standby the battery never drops below 50%, and quickly charges up even with the screen on full-time and max brightness. Refuses to malfunction or shut-off without my prompting.The negatives: No Android updates from the manufacturer. Limited aftermarket ROMs. No USB hosting (that I'm aware of). The processor is considered dated, and I have run into stuttering audio while trying to run intensive programs in tandem, although I've only had this happen while trying to run Co-Pilot as my navigation. I switched to Sygic and the problem stopped completely. The camera is rough at best, and the built-in speakers are headache inducing at anything but low volume, although these are common problems with any tablet in this price range and of this age.I've used several different tablets in my car (Nook Color running various flavors of CM, MID a81e, Lenovo a2107), and because they've all been on the "budget" side of things none of them except for the Le Pan have performed very well. The 970 has not only performed well in terms of performance and stability but gone above-and-beyond my wildest dreams in terms of sheer longevity and tenaciousness.