I have never written a review before but wanted to give a thumbs up for this little tablet.I received this little jewel yesterday. In fact, I am writing this review on the computer. I really like it. Some of the video reviews I looked at did not give it much of a good shake. However there were many good comments on this site, so I went for it.I think that some try to compare this Windows based tab with the ipad. I don't think they are comparable. I bought this computer because of the productivity of Windows. Android just didn't do it. Also, I play poker on-line. Apple does not support flash and on-line poker software does not work on Android, as far as I know. The one thing that is missing is 3G or 4G connection. However, and I am no computer geek, I believe I can accomplish that another way.The power of the computer seems adequate for me. Internet surfing is very fast. I hear that storage is lacking but this isn't my main computer anyhow. I plan on using my desktop for file storage. Also, for a small keyboard this one works very well, IMO.One thing that is a bit of a nuisance is that "Point-and-click" on screen with my finger requires precision and so isn't the best. Also, I am accustomed to using a finger pad so I have to get used to using the screen and the little "eraser" thing to move the pointer. But actually the "eraser" works fairly well. Another thing mentioned in other reviews is that while docked in the keyboard it is a bit top-heavy. That is true, but again, it is a matter of perspective. When I need the keyboard I am likely to be sitting where there is a flat surface, and it works great there. Also, I did use it while sitting on the couch and it wasn't that bad. I would rather not use a keyboard on the couch anyhow. And, the screen keypad works well. One other drawback is the relatively short battery life. I have fully charged and used the battery twice, and it seems to get about 5 hours of use on one charge.Put in perspective, this isn't an ipad nor is it my main computer, I like it. I gave it a 4 star and not 5 only because of less than desirable screen/finger selection and because I would like to have better battery life. Those drawbacks are fairly minor, at least for me, so I am happy with my purchase and would recommend this computer to others.