I did a lot of research before buying this tablet. There were two chief complaints about it. 1.) windows 7 and 2.) slow. I must say when I got the tablet I was a bit disappointed because I found those reviews to be true. This tablet was very slow on windows 7 and windows 7 is not user friendly on a tablet; however, I never intended on using it with windows 7. I discovered that there was a free copy of windows 8 available, and everyone who put it on their Acer w500 talked about how much windows 8 improved the experience. I installed windows 8 immediately on the laptop. This has improved the laptop 200%. Netflix runs smoothly and browsing the internet is a pleasure. I cant wait for the complete version of windows 8. To me it is a pleasure to have a full Os and a tablet Os in one package. This gives me the ability to have it for the entertainment and work in one mobile package; however I understand this isn't for everyone. It takes some work (it took me maybe an hour total to get windows 8 on it) and some know how. Most people want it to work the way they want out of the box. For that I think Acer should be promising windows 8 free to all buyers, and without any bloatware (what really slowed windows 7 down).To sum it up.Pros:Speedy and smooth with windows 8.Beautiful  screen with better resolution than even the ipad.Keyboard dock adds functionality.Full os.A gpu with dedicated gpu memory (u can play some good older games).Full hdmi slot for easy connection to tv or monitor.Usb ports.Full sd card slot up to 128gbs.Cons:Only 3 stars w/ windows 7.The dock is nice, but should secure better and is top heavy and easy to tip over.A little heavy.Added notes:I will add little notes from time to time.Netflix does run poorly when watching hd movies. I have fixed this by not allowing Netflix to stream hd. This is a pain because from time to time I'm going to have to change it back when I'm watching on my tv. It runs smoothly on non hd, but this also sucks because you lose the high quality screen.I think google chrome is a must. the reason isn't because its better, but because google has its own little app store on chrome. it is nice because u get facebook notifications, games, and other utilities. microsoft needs an app store!