Out of the box I am pleased with the form factor of the device.It feels solidly built with sleek lines, and almost instantly starts to attract dust like a magnet attracts iron filings.This model comes with a T-Mobile SIM card, and the instruction manual indicates that the device must have a SIM card installed to operate (Do Not Like!). However, I tested this myself, and removing the SIM card only prevents use of WiFi and cellular services.  I could still play games and use apps that were already installed.The menu system navigates like an Android smart phone (which it kind of is), and if you have any experience using one (I have an HTC Incredible) you should feel comfortable navigating the menus.Unsurprisingly, the Streak 7 arrived with only a minimal charge on the battery.  I am pleased to see that the power cable has both AC wall-jack and USB capability, but I am saddened to see that the power/data port on the device is a proprietary one (and not micro USB).  That means that if you lose, or break, the cable that came with your system you are going to have to replace it with a Dell (or Dell licensed) cable.The battery itself is non-removable, and that means that no backup batteries or larger replacements.  If your battery fails you will have to send it back to Dell to have it replaced (or void your warrantee).  The battery life is not great.  I experienced about a 3-4 hour battery life with the WiFi enabled.The display is crisp and clear.  Most app and games look very nice.  The touch screen is very responsive with some apps/games, but sluggish with others.  Unfortunately, navigating around in the Android OS is sluggish and non-responsive.  Hopefully this can be improved with future updates.As an ebook reader it is a significant improvement over my smart phone.  The text can be sized to read comfortably (app dependent) and the readable area is slightly smaller than a digest-sized book.  Again the screen is clear and vibrant, and text appears crisp and legible.  As a PDF reader it also works fairly well.  Smaller, well constructed PDF documents open easily and quickly, but larger documents cause significant slowdown.