If you're looking for a gadget that will blow your mind, the Archos 7 Home Tablet isn't it. That being said, it's not a bad little device for the price.As a newbie to Android, I found the interface and browser a little confusing if not intimidating. But, after working with it for a short time, it's not so bad. And, while with the basic browser the Archos 7 (running Android 1.5) comes with cannot run Flash - which means no video sites like Youtube, a download of the Skyfire browser fixes all of that. Setting up the device to store and remember email accounts is fairly easy as well.Downloading and installing applications is a little more complex than expected. It seems that most application creators for mobile devices aren't very clear on specifications and installing procedures. And, the technical support at Archos, or seeming lack thereof, as well as various user forums, are not very helpful.  So, it takes a lot of experimentation and guesswork right off the bat.The Archos 7's video playback quality is very nice. And, unlike many other portable devices, the large LCD screen is a major crowd pleaser.  And, with the 7 inch screen comes larger versions of web-based content and a virtual keyboard that unlike most mobile devices and smart phones, is actually adequate for typing. The large LCD also allows for great picture viewing and the ability to setup photo slideshows much like you would with a digital picture frame.The touch screen itself is of mediocre quality. In some cases it is too sensitive but for the most part it may take several touches or a heavy push to read the command it is given.And finally, on the multimedia front, what gadget would be complete without a music player? Undoubtedly the best asset of this little machine is its sound quality. It's impeccable! I've personally never found any device better in this regard and feel that I would be hard pressed to do so.Pros Overview:Affordable.Amazing sound quality.Very good photo and video display.Great size overall.Holds a charge for a long time.Some very good bonuses inside the box - 35 free mp3s and outlet adapters for different regions among them.Cons Overview:The base browser and interface leave a lot to be desired.The touch screen is not as reactive as it could be.Long charging time.The support stand it very difficult to pull out for the first time.Technical support is horrid.