I have a 4th generation Ipod Touch 64gb and an Ipad2 16gb.When the ipad mini was announced, I wasn't impressed.  I was fully satisfied w/ my ipad2. Only thing that was making me consider getting the mini was its portability.  With the ipad2, you have to have it in a case, plus a bag if you don't want to accidentally drop it...plus setting it up, etc...Well, I ordered the mini last week and I haven't been able to put it down!!  I absolutely love this thing!Unexpected surprises...- the weight...it feels like you're holding a piece of cardboard...it's light.- the speakers...they're loud & it doesn't matter whether u place it on its front or back, u can hear them perfectly...and u get stereo speakers that sound soooo much better than my ipad2 and louder, clearer, etc...  I've been listening to music on this way more than on my ipad2...- the cameras...front and back...they are a very nice upgrade and the back camera is nice b/c it doesn't matter whether u take a pic, light or dark, it comes out nicely lighted and clear...  isight camera must use every available slither of light to give u a decent pic in just about any bad lighting situation, which is unexpected coming from a tablet.-typing...for some reason, it seems soooo natural to type on the mini... it's a one and a halfer by its size, but it feel effortless-screen resolution...after reading endless reviews about the mini NOT having a retina display, I almost didn't buy it...BUT I love this screen...it is tight, crisp, and I have no problems reading...in fact, the videos that I watch on here are INCREDIBLE... so, for those of you on the fence about the screen resolution, it's a non-issue as far as I'm concerned...don't cheat yourself, like I almost did...I've been watching videos and finishing them in one sitting...that's how nice the screen is...I see things I didn't notice on my ipad2Sadly, I haven't had the desire to pick up my ipad2 since I got the mini... I will have this thing for a very long time... Oh, and if you decide to get one, get 32gb or 64gb...I have the 64gb and I absolutely love it!!!