First, this was a pretty high end device and with the exception of YouTube almost all programs worked great. Yeah, YouTube didn't work at all. not on the app that came preloaded on the tab, not through any of the 3 web browsers that I tried, and not the app downloaded from the Play Store. Sorry folks, if you like YouTube this won't work for you. Some other programs had minor problems with randomly crashing. couldn't figure out why. Maybe ICS isn't ready yet, and maybe it's Toshiba's fault.Build quality:Has a nice balanced feel to it, it seems a little heavy when compared to an iPad. I especially liked the textured back, which gives a good grip when holding it one-handed. Both cameras are well placed. The chassis has a lot more flex in it than I was expecting, but no creaky crunchy sounds, so it really does seem to be substantial.Screen:I had light bleed like a lot of others, but only noticed it when starting apps, and wasn't really noticeable any other times. Yeah, the screen is really bright, probably twice as bright as my laptop screen. The auto brightness was terrible when viewing in the dark, as it would detect the light changes from whatever the screen is displaying, and would pulse from light to dark. It has good resolution, and while not as amazing as Apple's retina display, it was pretty close.Camera:The camera had quite a lot of graininess when taking pictures in low light (pretty much like the iPad), but took really good pictures in higher light (much better than the iPad).OS:I really like the layout of Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich, but some of the programs that I thought would be a sure thing (like YouTube) just didn't work. don't know if that is ICS or Toshiba.Battery life:a lot worse than I expected. I fully charged it, used it for about 3-4 hours changing settings, downloading/installing programs, and some light web browsing. Battery was down to 42%. Put it in stand-by and went to bed. 7 hours later when I woke up, I tried to check the weather for the day, and the battery was dead, so I charged it while at work, same thing next day.Overall:The problems with the light bleed, YouTube plain not working, and programs crashing lead me to return it. Sorry Toshiba, but for a full price device you only provided a half-baked experience. I'll probably be buying a Samsung or Motorola when they finally have a quad-core tablet.