Being a Supervillain (No, really, check me out at savethevillain.com), I always want to keep up with the latest tools that can be used for my evil plans. When I bought a Samsung Galaxy Tab I thought I was just sticking it to apple because, as my henchmen know, I dislike apple, despite its long track record of evil. Little did I know that this little device would serve me far better than I had imagined. I brought it with me to work, because anything to distract me from the ceaseless tedium of dealing with the mediocrity of having a "day job" (even we Supervillains must pay the bills sometimes) is welcome. Thanks to free cafe wifi (and the kindness of strangers), I was able to use the Tab to its full extent, even away from home.Initially I only expected to use the Tab occasionally. You know, emailing last-minute plot changes to my henchmen, or gloating on twitter after some nation gives in to my demands (some countries aren't aware that my orbital laser isn't functional yet). But I find myself doing more and more with it every day. Then I noticed (much to my surprise) that since buying my Galaxy Tab I hadn't used my laptop in 2 days. I was intrigued, to say the least. I decided to make this a full-blown experiment. I would give it 3 more days and see how I felt about my new acquisition. I'm even writing this review using Thinkfree Office on my Tab.Before I hand down my final verdict, here are a few of my findings:Pros- Great screen, responds well to touch, fast enough to impress, easy wifi setup, good speakers, comprehensive personalization options, voice command sensitivity that is spot-on, and a minimal learning curve.Cons- It's a tiny bit slow to rotate between landscape and portrait modes (a minor annoyance), and the home screens don't wrap around like the app list does (easy to work around, though).So, to sum things up, I find the Tab to be a most impressive handheld device, and a valuable asset to any Supervillain fortunate enough to have one. If you've ever wanted a portable brain (or ANOTHER portable brain if you're THAT kind of mad scientist) then this tablet is for you.  And unlike a certain Maxi-sized pad (see what I did there?) you can hold it safely in one hand.I'm the ComputerKing, I can do anything... Especially with my new Samsung Galaxy Tab.