Just bought a brand new 16GB iPad2 off Craigslist, and have some general comments...I found it quite difficult to get set up, it seems you have to connect the iPad to a PC or Mac and go from there (you get no manual, just a stupid little card with minimal info on it), which meant lots of figuring things out. Just the iTunes image alone that first appears on the screen when turning it on for the first time makes you go "huh?"  Maybe the Jr. High kids can blast through it, but it's harder for me (I'm 52) and I have a fair amount of computer experience.You also have to input your credit card info! This means one thing...this machine is designed purposely to be a money hog for Apple and entertainment giants. It will have you buying all kinds of apps and music and entertainment to download from iTunes. Another step closer to being an automaton.No USB port means Apple wants to control accessories and what you can input/output with the iPad, and that leaves you guessing, finding workarounds, and buying more stuff. But sure, it's also to minimize complications with external devices.This machine is amazing, though, I got it for showing my work and upcoming interactive apps at conventions (I'm an artist). I can now carry around a portfolio of my work without the bulk. But to get photos on it properly you will have to buy an application for it. There are ways of getting photos uploaded without iTunes and buying photo apps (like emailing them to yourself and downloading them from there), but then the photo app it comes with leaves you without much capability to manipulate and organize them and put them in folders. There are literally no buttons/selections to control things with. This is obviously another manipulation to make you buy something more.Lastly, if you want accessories (or even the iPad itself), go to Amazon or Craigslist, Ebay, friends, family--and buy them used, don't fork out $50 for a new protective cover, you can find a lot of these things used or cheaper than buying from Apple or manufacturers that don't care about the Earth and design products that end up too soon in the landfill.Overall it's a cool machine, but like me, with the way corporations/manufacturers plan and manipulate your pocketbook you might one day start to realize you're just a cog in the money machine for these corporate entities.Well, someone had to say it.