I ordered the '43 long before it even hit the market.  I really, really wanted to love it as it was my first device since a Sony PDA back in the early 2000's and I was very excited about having an android device without being tied to an expensive phone plan.The good:Video.  Its looks beautiful for the screen and plays almost anything.  Its been a great companion on long flights.Angry birds (as good as angry birds can be on a smaller resistive screen).The bad:Battery life.  Unless you shut if off whenever you are not using it the batter will completely drain within a day, even with light use.Portability.  While it is small enough to fit in your jean pocket, the lack of a good case combined with the build quality just make it feel unsafe in a pocket.  And after a while I realized: save a plane flight, why would I take it anywhere in the first place?  Its not a replacement for a music player (I have a sanza fuze that does that way better job of playing music, and has an FM reciever), and if there's no WIFI connection available then felt to me like dead weight. Unless your playing Angry Birds.Build quality is cheap and has a plasticy feel. The two plates that make up the body don't close perfectly.  If you press the two plates together on certain places they make a slight clicking noise.  Its very annoying and just makes the thing feel cheap.And as other reviewers have mentioned, the touch screen on mine also slowly became unresponsive until it stopped working. The Archos has been sitting in my desk drawer for the past few months because I cannot get it to boot past the calibration screen.  I can't calibrate the device if my screen is not working!!!Not sure why this is or what it means, but the device gets way hot, even with light use.  And don't even think about leaving it charging longer than it should, you might burn your fingers!It was cool for the first couple of weeks for the novelty of it, but if your looking for something that size that is not a phone, your surely better off with the latest ipod (says an android fanboy).  And while it was exciting to sit around waiting for someone to release the Market apk at first, the whole not-being-supported-by-google thing quickly becomes annoying.Spend an extra $100, get something nice.