I bought it in November 2010 using (thank heaven) a credit card that gave a 1-year warranty extension.  I didn't use it much until a few months ago, at which time a number of annoyances occurred:1.  The maximum Android upgrade is 2.2.  I'm told that if you send it back to the factory they'll upgrade to 2.3.  Maybe it's true.2.  It won't run anything from google play.  They don't support it.  Tough luck, GTablet owners.  Handango has a number of apps, but the selection is poor and the download process is iffy.  I had them send links to the gmail address I use only with the tablet, and half of them DID NOT CONTAIN the download link, although they were supposed to.3.  After I'd been using it a few days it locked up.  Discussions with their customer support resulted in my doing a factory reset, destroying all my downloaded apps, email, personalization, etc.  This happening ONCE sucks badly, but I persevered and got it running to my satisfaction again.4.  And then it locked up again.  This is absolutely unacceptable.  At this point I contacted my CC company and have submitted the necessary paperwork so that they will extend the warranty.  I have no idea what's going to happen, but I can't imagine this thing being repairable and Viewsonic -- for obvious reasons -- no longer makes it;  the replacement product is less capable in several essential ways.5.  And then yesterday it started refusing to run any of my downloaded apps, which had worked previously.  When I try, it just says "Sorry!  The application <name> has stopped unexpectedly.  Please try again." and gives you a 'Force close' button, which is the only option.  The native file manager WILL NOT SEE my microSD card.  The native application sees my card, but will not read epubs or pdf or even PLAIN TEXT files correctly.  The books I want to read are on my microSDcard.As an aside, the regular USB port is output only.  The input port is a mini, which means that to upload photos from the card in my camera I have to use a succession of adapters.  I was under the impression that USB was for both input and output, but I was clearly wrong.It cost me a total of $417 including tax.  I've probably used it SUCCESSFULLY for less than 40 hours total.  Heretofore I had thought that Viewsonic made quality products, but that must have been a long time ago.  Based on the GTablet, I'll never again buy anything made by Viewsonic. I would have been able to accept what I regard as operational inadequacies, but the unreliability is absolutely intolerable.