I own an iPad 1 and was very skeptical about buying a non-iPad.  I took the plunge to buy a wi-fi only Xoom, and I'm glad that I did.  I still love my iPad.  However, I always believe in being open-minded to new things.  One of the things that made me choose Xoom over other non-Apple tablets is its better price and features, Xoom has a GPS chip (while other non-Apple tablets don't have GPS), Xoom has a larger screen than iPad, it has a memory card slot and it's not an Apple product.  I like Xoom because it feels more like using a typical computer, compared to an appliance-like iPad - not that having a computer behaving like a reliable appliance is bad, however.  Here are some of the observations I have:  Xoom's touch screen seems a bit less responsive than iPad 1; Apps written for Xoom don't seem to work as well as the same apps that run on iPad; there are nowhere as many apps for Xoom than the iPad; I have to pay to have the same apps I purchased on iPad so that I can make my Xoom as closely resembles my iPad in functionality; I now have to invest in a car charger for Xoom; no Netflix on Xoom yet at this time; Xoom battery seems to run out faster when using a GPS application, compared to the iPad 1; there are no cool built-in effects for the cameras.  Essentially, owning Xoom is almost like owning a PC, and owning an iPad is like owning an Apple computer.  I feel it is essential to have an alternative to iPad.  Xoom has so much potential, and I can't wait for more apps to be available for Xoom.UPDATE:  Netflix is available but it seems unofficially available.  The video quality of Netflix on Xoom is very poor compared to Netflix on iPad.  Hopefully an official release Netlfix app will be just a good as the one for iPad.  I find Xoom's battery drains very quickly.  I have not measured precisely how long Xoom's battery last. But I need to charge it much more often than the iPad 1.  I use an app killer on Xoom to shut off most of the apps when they are not needed but the battery usage seems to be excessive still.  Did I mention Xoom is heavy?