I have a computer at work and a smartphone in my pocket, but my laptop was where most of my 'work' was done simply out of convenience. Unfortunately, my 3 year old laptop was starting to need a bit of replacement - the battery was going, the video card was bugging out and lets not even mention the sticking keys... So it was shopping time...I began the search with low end laptops for blogging and basic web marketing - which lead me to machines with far less power than what I had. So, I started using my Android powered phone more for the blogging end and found that it worked quite well. I shifted my search from a new laptop to an Android tablet and the Thrive was one of the last I considered.With the super-light Motorola Xoom, the Samsung Galaxy Tab, the powerful Asus Transformer and the Acer Iconia all in the early running, they all seemed like the better options for one reason or another. Then I found the Thrive ([...] as it was just coming to market.The screen was sharp, the colors were brilliant, the internal memory was adequate and despite the reviews, the size was just right for my hands. Since making the purchase, I have used it to back up wedding shoots on site and view images instantly (the resolution is a  bit low for anything but previews, but it's still very good for those). I also use it to edit quick images in Photoshop (the new Mobile version for Android is great on a tablet) and backing up images is a snap with my camera being able to plug in to the USB slot on the side or using the full SD card reader at the top.Overall, the Thrive is a great piece of gear, but before you order ANY tablet, please check out a few at stores. You might find you like the 'bulk' of the Thrive or maybe you want slim like the iPad or Galaxy.Future Proof: I don't think anyone should buy and electronic item today 'expecting' it to be updated at all. Sure, fixing the bugs and taking care of a few issues is well within your expectations, but seriously, don't buy this hoping to get the newest version of Android - instead buy it for what it does today and enjoy it.