I won't hash out the technical specs and details like other reviewers have probably done a few times before me.I love my iPad 2. My girlfriend just got me one for our anniversary. Funny thing is she just got one from her mom for Christmas at my suggestion. So now we both have one.She just recently got wifi at work, too. She takes hers to work. She tends to call me about 3-4 times a day (at least it feels like that) and now she can call me on her iPad using Facetime, so she can see me as well. I don't really know how I feel about that feature sometimes, but it's pretty cool. I have other friends with iPads and iPhones and stuff, so we can all Facetime just like a house phone. It takes a little more effort to use it (just like Skype), but it's a really cool native app to the iPad. The camera quality is a bit to be desired. I think my Mac has a better camera than the iPad.Anyway, I'm not giving a review of Facetime. The iPad 2 is fast. The screen is pretty large compared to my iPod touch and my Droid X. It works well as a reader. The games work well on it. I've even used it as a drawing tablet a few times. I would link a photo I've drawn in my review, but I'm not sure I can do that.The browser works just as well as it does on my Mac and my iPod touch. It's not the best thing in the world, but it works well.Mail is still a problem for me. I can't get my Yahoo to work and I can't actually divulge why. I know the reason why and I'm not willing to fix it because it could be a slight security risk. Gmail works fine for me. I can't get my work e-mail to work either, but I haven't messed with it enough to really determine the reason just yet.The iPads are great to have around to watch Netflix and things like that. Especially when there is a toddler that wants to watch something and everyone else is watching something on the big screen.Finally, the iPads are very expensive. So far my experience with Apple in the past few years is that they build a quality product and it tends to be worth it. I hope they continue this trend. I can't say whether or not it was worth the cost as I didn't shell out the money this time. I can only say that I'm enjoying the product and I'm very happy to have it.