Intro: I've always been a fan of Android and prefer it to iOS, but I must admit that at the moment, Apple has the best tablet on the market. After trying to decide between the Galaxy Tab 10.1 and iPad 2, I pulled the trigger on the iPad 2 (16GB, Wi-Fi, Black) and have yet to regret my decision.Pros:*Apps - The best feature about the iPad is the App Store, and this was the deciding factor for me. On a smartphone, there's a bit more to consider than apps (call quality, carrier, camera quality-in my opinion, pointless on a tablet-,etc.), but on a tablet, it's all about the functionality delivered through tablet-optimized apps.*Design - The iPad 2 is very thin, light, and has a nice aluminum finish on the back. The only comparably sized tablet is the Galaxy Tab 10.1.*Screen - The screen is great, especially in terms of quality and contrast. It's a 9.7" IPS screen with a 1024x768 resolution.*Battery life - Excellent. It has the best battery life of tablets (Galaxy Tab 10.1 comes close). To get an idea, it lasts for days with some gaming/web browsing each day.*Accessories - Because the iPad is basically the epitome/name-brand of tablets at the moment, if there's a tablet accessory, it's compatible with the iPad.*Resale value - If I decide to sell it later to upgrade to the inevitable iPad 3, I know it will maintain most of its value.Cons:*Cameras - Although I will probably never use them, the cameras on the iPad 2 are horrible.*Screen - Competitor tablets have a bigger 10.1" screen, but my biggest complaint is the lower resolution of the iPad (1024x768 vs 1280x800). The resolution difference is more important because it would've allowed for more content to be displayed which is espeically important for web browsing.*Apple's proprietary ports - The non-standard ports lead to some overpriced adapters and accessories.*Apple's "walled garden" aka iTunes - To most people this isn't a big deal, but some people will be annoyed about having to use iTunes. Personally, I don't mind iTunes, but I hate only having Apple-approved apps available in the App Store. Luckily, for those who care, like me, you can just jailbreak your device.