great used deal from Tfone almost free with 60 mins=180 included. Porting is not a snap, full day and counting. Nice looking with larger screen but measuring a very small difference. Bigger easier to use qwerty buttons. Comes with a full grained back cover, LG was a bit slippery. Will report when activation process is complete. Wifi connection is a biggie worth the effort along with 3x.OK jumped through the hoops, be prepared for a huge number of codes. Got on starbux wifi rather easily having few of the problems mentioned by others. Had to turn off the autolock which was not a defect but left on by vendor. Managed to get on google and put it in favorites. Can get accu-weather and news sites, still working to get email working. Looks the same as lg 500 but very different navigation process. Center button on 390 not a do it all. So far so good will give it a wifi workout later. On line manual not much help. LG laid to rest but was given a needed short crossover period to get most contacts transferred.Uh oh the dreaded ooo sos. Kept in leather case and only in motion for a short distance, can see where this can be a major issue. Walked home a couple of blocks and there was the SOS message. Connected to email but signals after new messages, not good.Battery lasted 6hrs. with wifi on continuously, I was able to download Opera mini 7.1 when it died with a very small low battery warning. I ordered the 8gb San Disc micro card very inexpensively (under 6) from Amazon another advantage to this phone.OK back up and as some have stated Opera mini makes all the difference. Worth the trouble browsing the internet is easy. Four stars but a different generation of Tracfone.Update; phone now locks when closed, a big help with the calling issue but forces user to press two buttons to unlock. Took me a while to realize not to go to  unlock, battery usage just OK.update; mostly cons, battery would not hold a charge after about a month and had to get a replacement and one accidental call was made while in case. wifi not too usable, I would deduct a star. Main advantage triple minutes. Not happy, too many issues. Previous two tracfones were problem free will look to replace with different tracfone model.