I have owned and used this phone for 5 months. I was debating between 2 and 3 stars on this review.The pros: Good looks, sturdy design, responsive keyboard, Symbian OS may be outdated but saves on battery (if I don't use it heavily the battery lasts 3-4 days, which is impossible with iPhones), the GPS system has free map updates and works in remote areas, uses regular SIM card, not micro, there is a micro SD slot and the total memory of 16GB is upgradable to a whole 48 GB - rarely you have a phone with such a great storage capacity; the camera is very good with 12 megapixels and Carl Zeiss optics. It remains the phone with the best camera on the market. The Bluetooth works well.The cons: #1 shortcoming - the screen goes black and locks when you have to pick up a call, or when you initiate one. After all this is a PHONE, Nokia. It is hard to be unlocking the phone every time a call comes in. The same for an alarm. When it wakes you up, you can't just punch the "snooze" button, you have to unlock the phone's black screen by pushing down the side slide unlock button. BTW this problem affects a tremendous amount of N8's accross the world but Nokia seems to offer no solution or even recognition of the problem. 2. The phone does lock sometimes; 3. the "Play via radio" FM transmitter appears not to work. Although I've tried it on various FM receivers it simply does not connect, although the phone screen says it is transmitting. People point out lack of half a million aps for Symbian OS but I use only 3-4 of those, and I have found those I need. So this is not really a shortcoming.Conclusion: N8 is a smart phone with many qualities however the unresponsive screen, and the other glitches makes it a sort of a dud. I am too conservative and do not like the harsh way the tech industry is pushing people to become insane consumers of ever "improving" new technology. I usually look for a phone that will last at lest 3 or more years, so I was hoping the Nokia N8 would cut it. It did not. I am a long time Nokia user and have been impressed with their simplicity, durability, competitive prices and versatility. Not this time around, sorry. I may be moving to another brand.