My seventh mobile phone and easily one of the best. The reasonable price combined w/ the small size make this the best featured phone on the market.Sony spared no expense in giving the the T616 both bluetooth and infrared, a camera, email client, 65k colors screen. One of the neatest and rarely mentioned features is an alarm/calendar system which can be programed to alert even when the phone is turned off. Save your juice and still get. Of course it has all the too fancy ring tones and games which only take up memory and might be better in a teen flip phone.The design - modern, sleek and simple. I'm not a clamshell fan, so a small, solid, one-piece unit with a large color screen is right up my alley.On the down side, AT&T's service does not allow for one-touch voicemail pick up. You must enter your password w/ evey call. A security feature, I guess, but annoying. Additionally, the screen is difficult to read in bright sunlight. My only other gripe is that there's no speaker phone. Sony was clearly going for sleek and small and for the money and size, how much more can one expect?As for AT&T's service, keep in mind quality of service depends on the region you live in and where in the region you live. Every company has cities where their service is great and where it is lowsy. So these sweeping generalizations about AT&T's service should be taken with a grain of salt. Additionally, this phone operates on a GSM network which isn't yet as all-encompassing as TDMA/CDMA... but unlike the 'DMA's allows for international use. So, whether T-Mobile or AT&T, GSM service is GSM service. On that note, only AT&T offers both GSM and DMA, though the Ericsson is designed only for GSM.Be ye warned, although this is a tri-band phone, it is not a world phone. World phones include 900/1800/1900 mhz frequencies. The T616 carries 850 in place of 900. 850 is a second N. American frequency at the expense of the standard 900mhz which covers Australia and New Zealand. If you're jonesing for this unit, the T610 substitutes 850 w/ the standard 900mhz.I highly recommend this phone for style, quality and features. As for AT&T's service, it's as good as any other similar system depending on where you are.