It's hard to speak about my Blackberry 9670 without devolving into a rant, but I've got to try, dammit.Why it's so terrible:- Minuscule battery life. Without taking a single call and only using my phone to look at an RSS feed via the web browser, the battery will drain completely by the afternoon. This happens constantly. Even without touching the phone, the battery will drain completely in your pocket. I've felt it vibrate to notify me of its low battery in my pocket after having done nothing with it for hours, then once again to tell me that it's too low to even get a signal. And don't try using the phone as a camera for long if you need the flash... it will drain very quickly then.- Bad hardware. I had to replace my phone because of the loose charging port, only to be given another phone with another loose charging port. (This is, of course, after the folks at Sprint decided it was because of a battery short and had me wait a week for a new battery, only to wait another week for an entirely new phone. You cannot replace the charging port by itself.)- Slowness. This is the phone's biggest issue. It will gradually become slower throughout the day, regardless of whether or not you use typically processor-slowing applications or close them after use instead of keeping them open. Typically, I will, say, decide to write a text message. I'll pull the phone out of my pocket, open it up, try to scroll, see that it's frozen... wait 5-10 seconds, maybe longer, for it to unfreeze... and repeat these last two steps at least one to two more times during this process. Sometimes I'll just put the phone back in my pocket because it's taking too long to do anything. The manufacturer's solution to this is to remove the battery while the phone is on, then replace it... the same thing as basically turning a computer off while it's running instead of shutting down. This is the official solution for this problem, and it's only temporary on top of that.I just can't put into words how frustrating it is to wait over and over for my phone to catch up just so I can type a simple text or Tweet. Once, the phone even froze while I was attempting to answer a call and it required a hard shut down, as described above. (This takes about 3 minutes or more, by the way.)Do not get this phone. Get a different one that you aren't constantly waiting on to un-freeze or constantly hoping you won't run out of battery life.