At first I dismissed the Galaxy Note as way too large and not practical.  The HD screen was the key for me.  I own a Galaxy S II Skyrocket and live in a LTE area but I felt the display resolution of 800x480 was getting old in the age of higher resolution screens. LTE speeds are great but I wanted more resolution!I kept reading about the GNote on the boards and the reviews and it seems like everyone likes it!  It does everything well and the specs are very strong.  Of course the USA will get it until June 2012 (LoL) and I did not want to wait.  I wanted my GNote now!  I ordered from Global Mobiles and Amazon fulfilled the order. Shipping was fast and the product was just as described.  The GNote was set to default German language and there was a piece of paper in the Amazon box that explains how to change the language to English when you turned it on for the first time.My first impression was this looks just like a Galaxy S II but bigger!  The nice thing is that if you are familiar with touchwiz and Samsung, you already know how to operate this phone. I charged the phone to 100% first, so I could have a great time setting it up!  Once I saw that 1280 x 800 HD display I was amazed!  They have 5 HD photos and 1 video pre loaded and will blow you away!  Once I set the ATT APN, I was set with HSPA+ speeds.I really like the larger screen real estate.  I like having 5 icons across the screen.  Typing for text and emails is really easy now and my misspelled words have really decreased!  Of course the S pen is a new device to learn.  There are several "how to" videos on you tube on the GNote to learn how to utilize the features of the S pen, S memo, and S planner.  They really are neat!  Being able to take a screen shot of anything, PDF, picture etc and write on it and then share it is pretty cool!Battery life is very good as well!  Much better than my Skyrocket but I knew it would be!  My only concern at this time is how to carry it.  I have never been a pocket guy and usually wear a case and holster combo.  I have not yet found a combo that I like.  I have a S line TPU case for it and it is a great case for 7 bucks. I just have not figured this part out yet.If you are on the fence, there are plenty of videos on line and many reviews from the major tech websites that can help you make up your mind!  I am glad I got it and did not wait for it to hit the USA.  You will love it and not be disappointed!