I purchased a new Sanyo PM 8200 in 10/04.  I loved the phone at first.  Then about 3-4 months later (January or February) I noticed the part where my phone flipped open was cracking.  I immediately took it to the store to see if my warranty would cover this crack.  The CSR said it would and they'd tried to fix it.  I left my phone for 45 minutes.  Upon return I was told that since there was a TINY crack near the antenna on my phone, that my warranty was void.  It took me refocusing my eyes numerous times just to be able to see what they were referring to. So I left with no resolution. And very discouraged and upset.In May '05 my phone stopped charging.  Again, I went to Sprint hoping that maybe this time they would value my years as a customer and help me out.  Again, I was cast away with NO resolution.  The CSR said she wasn't familiar with my problem,(even though I researched the problem on many websites and there were many users who had experienced this) but she'd have a tech look at my phone.  After 45 minutes, they said nothing was wrong with my phone, even after I asked them to plug it into a charger and they themselves saw it wasn't charging. The CSR suggested a new battery. So I purchased a new battery, thinking that MAYBE my 7 month old battery had died.  I was LIVID!  I was even more upset when that didn't solve the problem. I went back to the store a few days later to return the $60 battery and to see if maybe someone ELSE would be a little more helpful and he was.  His name was Clinton and he replaced my old phone charger with the bar charger.  He said that would solve the problem and it did, but only temporarily.  As of  July, my phone won't charge AT ALL.  I have to prop it certain ways to trick it to charge, but even after an hour and a half, and it says its fully charged, it IS NOT and when I try to use it, it dies immediately.  Now I have no use of my phone because it won't hold a charge.  Will ANYONE at Sprint PCS help me?  I have always taken my phone in when the problems were in their infancy.  Now the problems have worsened and I feel I have nowhere to go for help.  I want someone to help me and let me know that I'm not giving my money away to a company that could care less if I am a satisfied customer or not.