Recently I lost my iPhone. I went to the Verizon store and was told it would cost me well over $500 for a replacement iPhone since I had not bought insurance nor was I eligible for an upgrade yet (just another 3 1/2 months to go). Even the other "cheaper" brand models of smart phones cost several hundred without the discount of being a new subscriber or being eligible for a phone upgrade by having fulfilled 20 months of my obligated 2 year contract. What to do? Welcome to the Palm Pixi (or as I like to call it the Poor Mans iPhone).The Palm Pixel only costs about $40 brand new! That being said I had very low expectations for this thing, after all I really only need this thing to get me through the next 3 months until I am eligible for a new phone through Verizon again. Sometimes I get a little annoyed that the touch screen isn't super responsive, that the operating system can seem a bit sluggish, that the camera is only 2 megapixels, or that apps periodically crash, and then I remind myself that this thing ONLY COST $40! The fact that this thing can do anything more than make phone calls ought to blow your mind away! I also love that it has an 8gb hard drive to hold my music and I can use it as an mp3 player when I commute to/from work. Heck, just a couple years ago an 8gb touch screen iPod cost over 6 times the amount of this and it still couldn't do nearly as much.On a side note involving Phone insurance, DO NOT GET IT! I say this as someone who lost his phone and could have benefited from having it. Phone insurance through Verizon costs about $7/mo. Over the course of a 2 year contract that will cost you about $168 whether you lose your phone or not. If you do happen to lose your phone it will cost you an additional $100 deposit (basically you are paying upwards of $300 for a "Free" replacement phone). With the extremely low prices of cheaper model smart phones like this Palm Pixi you are much better off to forgo their insurance route and if worse comes to worse you pick up one of these cheapo models to hold you over until your contract expires/ you are eligible for an upgrade.