The good first.  Calls are clear and as loud as you need.  It can take up to a 32GB micro sdcard.  Relatively large display.Now for the bad news. LG and ATT do not make backup software you can use on your PC called PC synch, very bad for anyone who values control over their contacts, calender and all other data. There is no backup command or restore command on the phone as all my previous Nokia's had. Hours with ATT on phone resulted in no help in transferring my contacts or Calendar.  If you have less then 250 contacts you can copy basic contact details only to your new sim card and then use it on your new LG a340. I have over 800 contacts.  I got a $25 credit for wasting my time from ATT then they told me to go to an ATT corporate store who had equipment to do those transfers.  They took my phones and told me that they cannot move the contacts because the LG a340 is not supported.  They told me to contact LG for backup software. I contacted LG and they told me the Carrier develops the software. I am now blue toothing one contacts at a time from my Nokia.  I will have to do the same with my calendar.  They promised that it would be trivial to transfer when I ordered the phone.  Excuse me I need to spend the next week manually transferring my contacts and calendar.  I'll come back and edit after I have more experience with this phone.Finished the A's and B's.  Still no luck finding backup software for this phone.  Another disappointment for a phone which can take a 32GB sdcard is that when I attempt to see files on that card which started off 90% full there is a very long delay accessing the memory card. I think it should only take a memory card it can obtain files from in a reasonable time frame not so long I want to leave it and get back later. Now to get my C's transferred. byeMore calls to ATT sent me to a Corporate store on the Upper West Side. Same problem as other store. Phone not supported.  Spoke with a new agent on phone, she agreed I must return phone and get a different one made by a company that provides backup software and possibly backup/restore command to sdcard.  LG A340 should be labeled Senior Phone. No way to back up except only contacts with internet to ATT cload. This is my first time returning a phone.  All my Nokia's had the functions I needed with sdcard backup and PC sync. If I don't like the next phone I will have to buy an unlocked Nokia and use that. Oh yes they gave me another $25 credit.