I read the reviews to find an economical smart phone.  The palm pixi plus is definitely a good solution.  I now have two of these and use prepaid service with Page Plus Cellular.  I will say that there is a steep learning curve.  I am new to palms and smartphones.  I had intended to just get a phone that would work for voice and text and would handle my calendar and contacts.  I was immediately swept into the many smartphone features offered with this device.  Hurtles that I surmounted with perseverance included: activation with page plus by calling their customer service rather than doing it all online; getting used to the sensitive touchscreen; thoroughly reading the online manual for the palm pixi plus; putting the phone on wifi and airplane mode while at home to reduce data costs; getting a touchstone and touchstone back cover for charging; and management of the USB connection.Know that this phone is extremely sensitive to any transmissions while plugged into a USB cable.  My phone would go bananas with the touchscreen looking like a carbonated beverage when I tried to plug it into a USB connection.  The work around is to eliminate transmissions as best you can when you want to plug in your palm.  I moved the wireless house phone handset away from the pc, turned off wifi and bluetooth connections at my pc, and turned off the wireless printer.  Then to use the USB connection, begin by turning off all connections on phone and putting it into airplane mode, plug small end of cable first then plug large end of cable into the pc while holding down three buttons on the palm: the white square, Sym, and "u."  This will get you into USB mode on the palm so that you can transfer any files that you might desire.  To charge with the USB charger follow the same connection steps without pressing the buttons on the phone and find a quiet outlet.  If your screen starts showing "touches" everywhere, try another outlet.  It's trial and error but patience will prevail.  Charging in the car or on the touchstone eliminates this hassle.I know it sounds like a lot of trouble but I hope that it won't be for you because now that I know these things, I love the phone and am very happy that I didn't throw it in the backyard while I was trying to figure all of this out!