Frankly, this phone has lot of positives but unfortunately they got one of the most basic feature all messed up. To me, that happened to be very very important and hence my low rating. [...].First some good things:1. Very very cute little phone.2. I love the styling and build quality (assuring those who are on sidelines about all the build quality complaints this phone is getting). No slider rattling.3. Keys have a good feel to it and you know you pressed it.4. OLED screen makes this phone shine!5. Great camera for a smartphone.Now, the bad things (I think common to all new N series phone).1. When you add a contact you have his/her Home, Office, and Mobile numbers. Each number have labels to say that along with small Home, Cell, and office icons. Well this phone has same icon for Office and Home number. So, what is the problem? Read on..2. Call logs on this phone are utter useless. If you dial to a HOME or OFFICE number of your friend it appears with Mobile icon in the logs. So, if you go back to logs to dial back you will have no idea which is home or office or mobile number. Also, in logs there is no 'Open' option for the contact to get more details of contact like all other phones have so you can dial to his other numbers. Because of this messed up logs you always have to open contacts, search for the friend and dial. THIS IS A PAIN and drove me nuts while driving as I almost always make most of my calls from Call logs.More details of this known issue which I found after owning the phone:[...]3. Nokia Ovi contacts sync is a big joke. It is supposed to be a online backup for all your contacts on phone. But when  you sync it only syncs one number, one e-mail, and one address per contact. If you contact has 3 phone numbers, 2 e-mails and home, and office addresses, it will one backup one from each category.4. For lot of online applications it keeps prompting do you want to connect online with AT&T; Internet, AT&T; WAP MediaNet, or WiFI every single time. It gets worse for application like Google maps with latitude as they are continuously trying to connect to internet. I checked all options to connect without prompting and it doesn't have that option.So, anyone looking to own a Nokia phone for the first time consider the logs problem before you buy the phone. If you don't use call logs often, then this phone is a lovely one.