I have had several phones over the years.  The last few being, the iPhone (stolen whilst I slept on the subway!!), 8525 (or the slide) and a blackberry.  Although, I have to say I did like the touch screen of the iPhone, I found I am not missing it as much as I thought.  The iPhone didn't have copy, cut and paste, which although the E71 does, it's not as flexible as Blackberry.I am a business user, so I have connected my E71 to my companies GoodLinks account, which provides me with instant access to my works outlook email, along with customizable RSS feeds, notebook, contacts etc.For the gadget lover, there is a barcode scanner program built in, although I have played around testing it out, I haven't had it match anything yet.  From what I know, you can scan items and then see other places where you can get it cheaper etc.  There is a feature that will have your E71 read out you emails and texts to you with a choice of male or female voices, could be a nice feature if you multi task, but for me, it hasn't really been needed (except to show my friends with iPhones, that my phone is better...lol) It also has MP3 player and Video to name a few.Connection is fast, it has 3.5G I am with At&t; and although, they are OK, they are not normally the best for coverage here in NY, but this phone holds the signal well.The camera is a little disappointing.  It has a reddish tint to it.  I am unsure if it is just my phone, and I don't know anyone with an E71 to compare.  There are plenty of features for the camera, color mix (yes, I tried to adjust, so as to compensate), flash, B&W;/Sepia etc If anyone has a way to correct this, contact me at ttStone.com/contact/I found the GPS to be fairly accurate, although I remember the iPhone being near perfect.  The volume and sound quality on this phone is the best I have heard.  I can play some MP3's and my colleagues can hear clearly the music that is being played 40 feet away (it's not a busy office, but hey, that was way better than my previous phones)The construction is awesome, real metal back (looked like carbon effect in pics, but this isn't so) looks great though.  The protective screen finally came off 2 weeks ago, I didn't replace, but not a single scratch from being in my pocket.To put it simply, this is not an iPhone, it is a business phone.  It has items that would get any iPhone child going nuts for, but Nokia chose not to highlight them, which is wise, as this really is for the more sophisticated business user or the person that needs quality and effectiveness, rather than balloons and whistles.O yeah, I installed Skype on there (and it works!  A little slow, and no video, but...it works)[...]