My DroidX broke, but usual story: I'm not up for a discounted phone for a few mos. So I picked up the Pixi+ to use until then. I wanted something a little simpler, but not too simple like a basic phone.Count me as another "new, accidental" user who previously gave little thought to WebOS, now a little disappointed that it's barely hanging on. I only picked up the Pixi+ because of my situation, and I thought it would just be neat to try something different for the time being. Wow, it has a neat and intuitive interface. While the phone obviously can't do what the DroidX does by way of features and apps, I really like the card-and-swipe UI (disclaimer: the Homebrew patches help to make it much better).I really like the launcher and icons (better than what I've seen on the iPhone). And I finally realize that I need a "real" keyboard. I had to correct almost every individual word on the touch-screen keyboard of my Android, which was probably the most frustrating thing of all for me (I realize some Android phones have keyboards). And I did try other keyboard apps.I never would have gotten the Pixi had my phone not broken because it looks a little cheap and ugly (to me) in the pictures. But now that I have it, the keyboard and form factor are great, other than maybe the smallish screen.There are a few things I can't get to work as I'd like. The AIM simply won't log in (it's probably outdated). The music skips a little too frequently due to the slow processor (even overclocked). And I can't get Navi to work for me. You're not going to get Google Sky Maps on here. But for the basics, some things are better than what I had on the DroidX (IMO). The email works way better (even Gmail). the notifications banners are really nice. I like the browser experience simply because of the swipe and bookmark list -- it's just easy. The calendar is nicer and works better. List/note apps and other things are more convenient. Everything is "right there" with no complications swiping apps open, closed, and between several running apps at once. YouMail is better. Deleting things like email, vmail messages, bookmarks, etc is all swipe-easy. Even my Gmail contacts seem to link better. With the Homebrew patches, this thing holds its own even on an old OS / phone. So even with an older phone and less features, I find that I really like it better overall.Lastly, the Pixi+ transitions seamlessly between Wifi and 3G. I've had no issues so far (after several weeks) unlike with my Android phone.It's too bad WebOS wasn't bought by a company that could support it, or at least incorporate it into its current ecosystem. But it is what it is.