I will say that the most annoying part of a cell phone is the latency associated with navigating the menus, browsing the web, etc. My razr is so slow to go through menus, to cycle through contacts rapidly, browsing the web is a chore. I get so mad waiting for the phone to react even though it only takes a few extra seconds it will sometimes miss key strokes and is just painful to use when it is so delayed.The blackjack is not as bad as the razr and navigating the menus is pretty quick. There is occasional slow downs if memory is low and you try to do something that requires several menus to go by in rapid succession (for example ending a call and then quickly pulling up contacts to make a new call will take like 5 seconds). HOWEVER, web browsing on this clunker is very very slow. Even with 3G the latency is horrible. You can expect very slow responses when going through multiple pages/frames, etc. If you want to download large files, it goes very fast. If you want to browse the web as quickly as on a computer, the blackjack is no way going to make you happy and it is quite frustrating in the number of pages that have to be refreshed/reloaded in order to load since many times it hangs.Using the Gmail app to check my Inbox takes about 40 seconds from main screen to seeing new messages but the amount of data (3G or EDGE or GPRS) is very small, the phone just can't process the data fast enough and the network's latency (or the phone's networking latency) makes this a very slow process.This is due to the phone, not the 3G speeds. The phone just doesn't have the computing power to load web pages quickly and make browsing the web the same as on a computer with just a smaller screen. It also doesn't come with a flash player which makes many websites have problems.Also I live right in the middle of Philadelphia and sitting on my couch I go from having 3-4 bars of 3G to four bars of EDGE even though I haven't moved. The 3G coverage is not consistent and the phone seems to pick it up when it feels like it.