PROS----* It has all the features that you would ever need in a cellphone.* Excellent screen.* Superb cell phone reception and voice quality.* 5 MP camera very impressive for a cell phone.* FM transmitter works well - this is very convenient in old cars that don't have an aux audio input. Just make sure you choose the right frequency to transmit your music.* GPS works very well, but the Nokia navigation service is too expensive. Get a Garmin Mobile XT or some other navigation software. It will be much cheaper than paying a monthly subscription fee to Nokia for navigation.CONS----* Build quality is not good, battery cover rattles, plastic feels cheap.* SIM card slot is poorly designed - it is very hard to take the SIM card out.* Alarm function is needlessly complicated and not user friendly - if you hit snooze, you will have to re-enter the original time for the next day!* Beware that Nokia may not honor the 3 month trial for the voice guided navigation, even though it is listed on the front of the box! I called Nokia three times to resolve this issue but got fed up of the customer service. I hope I don't have to make a warranty claim in the future because Nokia's customer service in the US sucks.* You can use the USB cord to charge the phone from your computer, but it won't work if you try to use a car charger with a USB adapter. The hardware fits just fine, but the N85 tries to connect to a computer even when there is no computer at the other end of the USB cable. This is not a big deal, you can just pick up a car charger for about ten bucks.Overall this is an excellent phone for the price. It is not a perfect device and there are many areas for improvement, but the pros easily outweigh the cons. I was actually considering buying a netbook for travel (Asus EEE or some other 9" netbook), but the Nokia N85 is far more portable and does almost everything a netbook can do, and has a GPS, camera and FM transmitter in addition!If you are going to use it a lot from home, you can make very cheap calls by connecting to skype through your home wi-fi (you will have to use an application called Nimbuzz). Combine it with a t-mobile pre-paid plan and you get a very affordable cell phone service.