There is not much I can really add to these early reviews. The phone is pretty good. My reception is clear and the phone feels sturdy in your hands. I have to agree with the disappointment in the battery life - although the manual does say it may take a few charging to get the battery to specifications but my phone is dead at the end of the day.I have had about three resets since owning it now for about five days and a sync with my Vista Dell yielded some pretty strange messages that have since disappeared. The screen is gorgeous and the touch is good but no where near the iTouch or I assume the iPhone. It took about a half day to get the hang of what kind of touch was required.Yes the screen gets tacky with touching but so do all the other products. Textured protectors will help and hopefully better ones, than the one it ships with, will come out as time goes on.Cost was a big factor in choosing this phone over the iPhone which is ridiculously expensive in Canada with limited carriers. Will I stay with it? I will give it two weeks to improve the battery life - if it doesn't improve I will turn it back in on my 30 day DOA clause. Could I live with it for my three year contract? I really don't think that it is that durable but I might be wrong. In the end - even though I don't like the OS - I will probably be forced to go with the Blackberry.I hope the battery thing resolves.I recommend caution when purchasing this phone and be aware of these early problems.Update:My first phone experienced software issues that resulted in daily restarts after about six months. The weather would never update without something going wrong. The software issues were acknowledged by my providers Tech Support. (I thought updates would be pushed to me - nope) It was replaced with a refurbished unit.On the first refurb unit bottom panel buttons went n/s after 3 months. No drop. No hard use. Just didn't work one day. However the software issues that plagued my first unit seemed to be resolved. Got another refurb unit (my second).The second refurb had again serious software issues and increased restarts of two to three a day. Again software issues acknowledged by provider. Again no fix.Finally I spoke with my provider and it agreed to give me a credit toward any of the smartphones in their line. I chose the Palm Pro. See review.In light of my HTC experience over the course of a year I really can't recommend this phone. And I would have serious reservation about any of its other products.