Purchased this beast from Global Mobile late afternoon on 12/28 and received it the next day with one day shipping. Like previous reviews have stated, Global Mobile was courteous enough to provide instructions on how to switch the OS language from German to English. That small detail along with the speedy delivery made me a Global Mobile fan for life. Now, moving on the the device itself. After opening the box, I was amazed at how big the phone was. I watched all of the youtube review/unboxing videos but they don't compare to the feeling you get when you actually have the device in your own hands in front of you. It is beautiful when it is off and then when you power it on for the first time, it is glorious. I installed angry birds to test the display res and when I played it for the first time, I smiled to myself. The game took up the WHOLE screen and the resolution was beautifully clear and colors just popped off the display. This coming from someone who has owned iphones for the last 4 years including the iphone4 with it's retina display. For those of you who are concerned about making the switch from iphone to android as I was, everything that you liked about the iphone can be enjoyed on the Note. And after 4 days with the Note, what I have come to love about it is how much more freedom I have gained making the move to android. Most of the apps that I paid for when I had the iphone are free in the android market. The boundries that I once had customizing the iphone to my liking are now a thing of the past. There are numerous ways to creatively customize the Note with all of the space on the screen and multiple widgets. The pictures that the 8 mega-pixel camera takes are awesome. The 1080p video is amazing although I recommend purchasing a 16 or 32GB micro SD for external memory before you get too crazy with the pictures/video becuase the 1080p video files are HUGE. I also enjoy the S-pen and the features that are provided with it. I have used it to sketch and I was surprised how responsive/accurate it was while using it. Some may not care for the S-pen too much but people that take notes frequently or love to sketch will find it to be very useful. The battery wasn't great at first only because I could never put the phone down but yesterday I made it through the day for the first time. All in all I believe that this is the best phone available currently and people hesitating to make the switch will not regret it once they do. But when you do, make sure it's this phone.