This is my 4th attempt...I can't seem to keep it short!  Anyway, right off the bat, I LOVE this phone.  I looked for over a month, reading reviews, trying to find the perfect phone since my contract was ending (I had a Motorola V3xx). I wanted a smartphone, and thought the iPhone was the way to go...then I found out it had no stereo Bluetooth (unacceptable to me for my next phone), the forced data plan was kinda pricey to be locked into, I didn't like the plastic of the new 3G version, and I heard the battery life wasn't very good.  I also read the same about Windows Mobile phones.  Then I got to the E71.  I'd have to sacrifice the flashy big touch-screen...and I'm so glad I did.  To have a phone with a full QWERTY keyboard on a device this thin (instead of a big-brick slider phone), a beautiful steel frame and battery cover, great tactile feedback and domed keys making up for lack of space between them (even with my big thumbs)...it was so worth it.Received it in 2 days, popped in my old SIM card, called up and got an inexpensive unlimited data plan (active as soon as I hung up the phone, turned it off and back on), and was off and running!  Web browsing is a blast, e-mailing is great (probably my only complaint with the phone is that I can't SAVE e-mails on it..check for new ones, the old ones disappear..still haven't found a work-around for that yet), there's a ton of freeware out there for the operating system (for AIM/IM programs, even a free voice-guided GPS program I found!), camera is better than the RAZR's (though most do say it's terrible compared to other phones), I've got over 500 songs (any of which can be the ring tone!) on an 8GB card, 4 e-books, and lots of room left...I could go on, but just read other reviews!If you have the opportunity, hold one...that alone may sell you on the thing!  I don't regret spending the $$$ on this phone unlocked vs. getting a subsidized phone/new contract...the $$$ I will save on the data plan alone will pay for the difference in a lot less time than a contract would take!