I've had this phone now for a couple of months I bought it strictly as a WIFI only device basically for emails and to run an application known as Swagbucks. This phone has an excellent layout, basically a Blackberry Curve/Bold appearance with both options of a keyboard and a touch screen. When I had my Curve 8530 before this I was thinking that I might have to do the android switch because the phone was becoming so outdated and I didn't want to leave Virgin Mobile. This was basically the closest to the Blackberry because I wanted to transition without losing my physical keyboard. The physical keyboard on this phone is not as horrible as everyone says...if you had a Blackberry prior to considering this phone you will be fine its very similar, just a different layout for the keys. The phone itself has a decent display, streaming Youtube videos is quite clear and I really never had an issue with clarity. However the phone is slow, like really slow. The processor isn't good and streaming can be quite difficult, I literally have to kill every task on the phone if I'm going to watch a video just so it doesn't skip. And for you thinking that reason for this might be the Wifi signal being too weak, however this is not the case...the phone is literally inches from my Netgear N600 router most of the day. In terms of battery life, I feel that this is literally the deal breaker for me to have this phone as my main one. The battery is HORRIBLE. If you want to think that cell phones and laptop computers are similar in the sense that you charge them then can take them on the go...this would be the desktop computer of phones. It always has to be plugged in or near a charger...I've gone from 52% to 14% in minutes at one point and I just don't get how erratic it is. If you want an entry level smartphone however and you constantly go from charger at home to car charger to charger to charger to charger then you will be fine with this phone. For the price, its a steal. Although I have mixed reviews, I would recommend it as an entry level android.