I have had my Palm Pixi for about a year now.  It's honestly one of the worst phones I've ever used.  Not even in the same class as the iPhone, or even Android phones.The good:- It's small, really small- Feels good in your hand- WebOS has a nice way of letting you know when you have new events (e.g. new email, calendar, facebook)- WebOS's user interaction is pretty nice in terms of managing cards/apps- Email client goes back to message list when you delete a message instead of going to the next messageThe bad:- Screen is too small, keyboard is cramped.  Often end up hitting buttons I didn't intend to hit.  When notifications come up, it takes up half the screen if you have more than one.- Calendar app doesn't let you scroll around so text is often cut off for location and other details.- Battery life is terrible.  Often does not last a full day if you use it for anything at all- IMAP email does not update on the server right away like iPhone does, so sometimes I get home and the email I deleted is still there- Not a lot of quality apps, or any that would be worth spending money on at allThe ugly:- So slow that sometimes when dialing numbers, the digits don't show up until a second or two after you press the number- Interface freezes frequently- Often runs out of memory and you get the "too many cards" error, especially when you have the browser open.- Sometimes even when you quit all cards you get the out of memory problem, and have to restart- Rebooting takes forever, like 10 minutes, which is a problem when...- The phone reboots randomly (Verizon says may be due to a loose back cover, but I had never taken off the cover before!)- The case starts peeling away at the edges, looks like the rubber loses its shape and starts expanding in certain spots.  This is my second Pixi so this is not an isolated thing, it happened with both Pixis!There are many more issues with this phone but this is what comes to mind right now.  Compared to an iPhone, this phone is downright embarrassing.  Nothing to do even with how WebOS looks or works, it's just an overall terrible user experience.  And the worst part: all the things that make it unreliable as a basic phone (battery life, freezing, random rebooting), and the case peeling away distracts greatly from the otherwise nice aesthetics.I really wanted to like this phone, but can't recommend it to anyone.