This phone is OK.  I got it from AT&T; for free when my old phone broke.  This phone does well with voice calls- sound quality is decent for speakerphone and normal talking.I hate texting on this phone, which I do a lot.  The buttons aren't very sensitive so lots of letters get missed when I try to text quickly (maybe I just don't press hard enough?).  Also, the predictive function is terrible.  It's very inconsistent with "learning" new words- sometimes it remembers, sometimes it doesn't.  It always seems to remember the words/acronyms that I'm never going to need again and put them in every time in the future (for example, I once needed the acronym "FHE" and now it puts that in every time I want to spell the word "did").The battery life is not great-- about a day and half when I've had a half-hour or so conversation.  However, in standby, it usually makes it about 3-4 days (I turn it off at night).Don't ever count on the camera--  horrible quality.It is nice that this phone has expandable memory- I keep a 1 GB card in it at all times so I've got plenty of space for music or whatever.  Actually, though, I never really use the music playing feature because I don't have headphones with a weird jack like this phone takes.  There's no 3.5 mm jack.The screen is pretty poor quality as well.  If it gets pressed on even a little bit, it goes all discolored and mine suffers some permanent effects from that.  Other than that, the phone is pretty solid in its construction.  I've dropped it a few times and it's still alive and kicking.  The slider is still working just fine after about a year and a half.One more super annoying thing.  The big button in the middle with the AT&T; logo on it takes you to the browser, and I have no data plan.  I can't tell you how many accidental charges I've had to have taken off my bill because of that.  There's no way to turn that feature off.All in all, I may not ever buy another Samsung because of the experience I've had with this phone.  I would not recommend it.