The phone arrived about a week after I ordered it.  The back of the phone would not stay snapped on with the battery in place, and I sent email to the vendor, but it was the subsequent seller feedback that produced a response.  We swapped about one email a day regarding the back cover.  I do not know if the fellow was busy, or if I was on a leash.  (I suspect the latter.)  After about four days of emails, the seller sent a new cover.I have not yet received said cover, though the email tells me it's in the mail, but being in a hurry, I applied tape to the back cover, and proceeded to get the phone ready for use.  I had forgotten the pure simplicity that is this phone.  However, that pleasure was not to last.First, the phone is not new as indicated in the sales copy.  It's a refurbished device that was first sold for use on the T-Mobile network, which is apparent when the phone comes on.  It's also apparent from the back cover being a different shade of silver from the rest of the phone, and then, of course, there's the problem with the cover popping off.The phone makes calls.  It sends texts.  It will take pics.  However, it will not send a picture to another phone (MMS).  After some delay, an error message appears on the screen indicating a "send" error.  There is no suggestion I've found for tweaking the network settings to make MMS function.I'm at a loss regarding what to do about this phone.Update (25 October 2010) The replacement cover arrived today.  It is wrong on two counts.  First, it has two tabs at the bottom whereas the phone only has one slot.  Second, the cover is too short.  I sent return email to that effect.Update (28 October 2010) Yesterday, the seller requested the IMEI number for the phone.  I suppose the intent is to resolve the MMS issue.  Given that T-Mobile and AT&T; do not appear to use the same frequency for 3G, I doubt much will happen there.  Then again, the seller could be looking for a back cover that fits AND stays on.Update (29 October 2010)  After sending the IMEI number for the phone twice yesterday, it was requested once more today.  The request came with a note that a return shipping label would soon be sent.Update (02 December 2010) Toward the middle of November, this mess all ended.  The phone returned to the vendor.  The sale was reversed.