I ordered TF LG 800G phone from this vendor last Wednesday 1/25/12 and I got it today 1/27/12. I was so happy that I got the phone so fast. The package contain TF's box with triple minute for life and a paper describe 3 ways to redeem your minute with TF PIN. All I had to do was get on TF website and transfered my number and minutes from my old TF to the new one. The process went very smooth, I didn't have any problem at all. After I finished transfer I waited about a minute to turn my phone off then on, that's it I got a service. Before I bought this phone TF website said that I cannot use this phone in the area that I live. I told Rep that the old phone that I have has GSM dual system and the TF website said that I couldn't use it in these area but it worked just fine. The new one (LG800G) has the same band I don't understand why I cannot use it. So she told me to keep my old phone number and go to TF website then transfer my old number to the new one. So I went a head and bought the phone and I did what she told me to do. After I transfered I got full bar of service and triple minutes. I can make a call, receipt a call with out problem. I can even searched a web. I know some people had said that the phone is a scam. It's not a triple minute phone. But when I transfered number on TF website they even told me that this phone is a triple minute phone. The phone itself work pretty good. The touch screen work ok, not too bad. You get what you pay for. Accually I think I got this phone for free. If you think of the cost of a phone card with a year service that the price you pay for this phone. If you just think you buy a time card, you just get the phone for free with triple minute for life. I accaully got 1420 minutes because I went online and found a coupon code for 220 minutes if you got a 400 minutes time card. I used the code with the PIN that came with this phone and it went well. If you're looking for a simple phone for free this phone is for you. I truly recommended to buy from this vendor.