I've been using an iPhone 3GS for 3.5 years, and a couple of Android phones for the past 1.5 years (although I generally switch back to the iPhone - it just WORKS).  I was excited about the unlocked European Galaxy Note as I love WACOM screens.  My problem is that the Android operating systems on both the Note and the HTC Inspire seems awkward and buggy compared the iOS.  So here I am, 4 months in advance of my subsidized upgrade with AT&T;, trying to determine whether I'll bite on the iPhone 5 or something else.  I read about  Windows Phone with interest, as prior to my first iPhone, I had several different Windows phones with the earlier operating systems. I figured I'd try Windows Phone 7.5 in the no-contract Nokia.PositivesThe phone works very well as a phone - great reception and volume, virtually no dropped callsWindows Phone OS is easy to useSyncs well with our exchange serverScreen is greatOffice appsKindle works wellNokia Drive is very useful, specially the latest version that allows downloaded state mapsMy first LTE phone, and web connectivity is FASTNegativesApps - if by the time my upgrade is available (February), the Starbucks and Sugarsync apps are not available in either 7.5 or 8, it will be a deal-breaker for me.  Those are  "must-haves"The voice-command cannot be disabled (at least I haven't found a way to do it).  If windows phone 8 does not have the ability to disable voice command, it will be another deal-breaker. I hate the fact that Apple will not allow you to disable the iPod app, and consequently I cannot have any music on my phone, as it will begin to blare music in meetings and movie theaters, even  when on silent.  At least Apple allows you to disable voice dialing.  I cannot use a blue-tooth headset without a simple physical on-off switch.  It is arrogant of Apple and Microsoft to not allow the disabling of these features.The viability of Nokia.  I hope they are able to survive as they make great phones.Not the fault of the phone, but it was advertised s "New", and it arrived with the seal on the box broken.  It looked unused and it has worked flawlessly, but still ..Bottom line for me will be the features and apps available in Windows 8.  From what I've read, apps that are available for Windows 8 on the PC will be easy for developers to port to Windows phone.  If that is the case, I'm optimistic that my must-have apps will be available.  I'm looking forward to getting my hands on the Nokia 920 in the next few weeks, as it looks like my device of choice if I stay with Windows Phone.Overall, I'm pleased with the Nokia 900, as it is a very competent phone