I purchased the European version of the Diamond for use in the US on ATT. I have not had any problems so far with voice service. Data service is slower than I had on my Blackjack, but I knew that would happen. The Diamond has Wifi and it has been easy to connect to my home network and to hot spots to get broadband internet service.The Diamond was designed to be a one hand device. It really is possible to do everything with one hand, even use the camera. (I recommend using two hands when using any camera for better stability.) The 3.2 megapixel camera isn't bad for a mobile phone, certainly better than many I've used before- when there is sufficient light. There is no flash, so your indoor photography will be disappointing.The Touch Flo interface which seemed almost like frosting on top of plain old Windows Mobile in other HTC touch devices, is very much a fully intergrated part of the system on the Diamond. It runs very well and is every bit as intuitive as other touch oriented devices. You can turn Touch Flo off, but I don't know why you'd want to.Diamond's good looks demonstrate that Windows Mobile devices can be great looking as well as powerful. The phone is attractive off or on, but it also great to look at when you're working on it because of the VGA screen. After several days, it still startles me how much clearer text and graphics are on this phone.Thanks HTC for including the Opera browser. You can still browse the web using pages for mobile units if you'd like with IE, but you will want to step up to the real internet with Opera. Scroll, pan, zoom if you need to, but with that VGA screen, you may not even need to do so.Battery life on the Diamond is as advertised unless you make heavy use of Wifi or the music player or camera. These will significantly diminish your time between charges.A few final points: yes, the phone collects fingerprints. So do all touch devices. Sound quality on calls has been good in my experience. Sound quality on the music player is not as good as on a dedicated MP3 device. The FM radio is a great feature. I hadn't come close to filling a 2Gb micro SD card on my Blackjack so the 4Gb internal storage on the Diamond should be sufficient. Will you master every touch move immediately? No. Within a day or so? Yes.If you live in Europe or Asia or live in the US but don't need 3G service, the Diamond is a great phone. It's pretty darn close to great even with its present US limitation.