For a more in-depth review, please see Kaio's posting.I recently purchased an LG Marquee phone second-hand and wanted to share my thoughts as well. I switched from a Motorola Triumph on Virgin Mobile after hearing of Ting's pricing strategy and use of more towers for voice/SMS than Virgin.  I sold my Motorola Triumph--only two complaints with that model are 1)it's pretty bulky, 2)it's made by Huiwei and some Motorola accessories don't fit it properly.The LG Marquee is much more sleek, slides easier into a pocket, weighs less, and as advertised--has a super bright screen.  The back case is roughly painted--mine being a refurb, it may be an after-market replacement.  The processor is specified a bit slower than the Triumph, but I don't notice it.  I do notice a great improvement in reception in my apartment, but I attribute this to a combination of a good antenna in the LG Marquee and my change to Ting (Virgin only uses Sprint equipment.  Ting uses Sprint equipment for Data and several other owners for SMS text/Voice which makes it a better choice for travelers)as the carrier.There are some nice touches LG added--including good front and rear cameras as well as a bright LED flash and the four home screen icons that are lit white and turn blue when pressed/held.  The Triumph has two features that the LG Marquee doesn't--a set of notification LEDs in the earpiece mesh that let you know when you've received a message/notification without powering on the display, and superior battery life.  The mini HDMI-out port on the Triumph was something I never used and I don't miss it.I run the LG Marquee on relatively low memory use and some days don't use it more than as an alarm clock but can't get the battery to last longer than 14 hours on standby without a recharge.  I've bought a second battery for travel as well as a car charger--which are easy to find and inexpensive as this uses a USB micro port for charging.  The charging port is on the top of the phone with the power button and earphone jack--which is somewhat odd placement to try and make a call with the cord attached.  The Marquee is preloaded with some proprietary Sprint firmware which may annoy some Boost/Ting users, but its easy to ignore.  The two improvements I'd insist on are: 1)Better battery life 2) a notification LED or setting to pulse the home row LEDs when a message/notice arrives and the screen is off.This is a great mid-level Android phone which works nicely on the Ting network and is available for a good price.  In my two months of use I haven't had any firmware issues and it's proved reliable.