I was in need of a new phone and carrier since T-Mobile doesn't have the best coverage in those areas I commute on a daily basis. Instead of renewing the contract, I started looking for alternatives.This is when Virgin Mobile caught my interest. With their choice of plans and phones, it was easy to decide to go with a prepaid plan instead of a contract. $40 give me 1200 minutes plus unlimited data and unlimited messages. There is a plan for $60 that includes unlimited talking as well.Set up of the plan including the activation of the phone over the internet was easy enough.I chose the LG Rumor 2 for its functions and its price. $89 get you a decent enough phone for texting, talking, and the occasional web surfing with Opera Mini (all websites just function as expected).Unfortunately, this phone doesn't do youtube video streaming or any other kind of internet video or audio streaming. If you need this functionality, look elsewhere.Also, Google Maps doesn't enable the phone's GPS. You need to download and subscribe to VM's navigator service (which after all is not too expensive; $5 a month for unlimited usage; otherwise $1 for 24h).Since my needs are more email centered anyways, I have to say this phone gets the job done of checking (and even pushing forward) email quickly anywhere. The push forward function is not that reliable or quick as on a Blackberry, but it's there and checking the email manually is not a science either.The keyboard is a bit stiff and I found I can type quicker on an iphone with its virtual keyboard but nevertheless, one can type quickly and accurately.The screen is bright and crisp, the resolution high enough to view webpages very well. Since this is a compact design, the screen is small.After all, this is not a smartphone and it shows with the lack of some media functionality (no video/audio streaming from the internet). The camera doesn't record videos either.If you text a lot, want to connect to facebook, myspace, your typical choice of messengers, and email quickly, this phone gets the job done.It fills a void for everyone waiting for the new generation of smartphones, especially Windows phone 7 devices, to hit Virgin Mobile next year or so.