Last year, my hubby and I did a lot of research into no-contract phones, decided to save some money, got rid of our 2 Android smartphones, and decided to just share one between us (the LG Marquee from Boost Mobile.)  We're rarely ever apart now, so it made no sense to pay a monthly premium for 2 smartphones.  Plus, we have a Toshiba Thrive tablet, and don't need multiple devices that all do similar tasks.  But just in case, we also got a cheapo LG Flair flip phone for 5 bucks at Target, and between the 2, we had all the cell phones we need.In this year since our switch to no-contract, we have seen virtually no difference in service or coverage area with our no contract phones.  They work great.  The only difference we see is to our wallets.  So this year, we decided to take advantage of the holiday sales at Virgin and upgrade our flip phone to this Samsung M575 (aka - Samsung Restore.)  My hubby wanted something that was easier to text with, and that could check emails if need be in a pinch.  So this M575 fit the bill perfectly.  It's really a well made phone, solidly built and looks really sharp.  It's also light, yet still weighty enough to feel really nice in the paw.  The slide-out qwerty is smooth and snaps into place nicely.  The keyboard is very tactile and responsive. After having only virtual keyboards on our touch devices, we forgot how much we like a good tactile keyboard with crisp buttons.  You can text waaaaaaay faster than on a touch screen.Make no mistake, this is not some repackaged 10 year old phone.  It's based off of older phones we're all familiar with, but this is a 2012 updated version, and it's really sweet.  Menus are quick and responsive.  It boots up and shuts down in a blink, and the battery lasts for daaaaaays, literally -- all of which is essential if this is to be a true emergency phone.  Call quality is excellent.  Stock ringtones are really nice.  And best of all -- you can set the ringer to SILENT for all calls, yet still have assigned personal rings remain active for the people you truly want to hear from! (Like my hubby, while ignoring everyone else!)  Perfect!!We really love this phone.  It's a good 2nd phone to have on hand for us, and it barely costs 80 a year to use it.  That includes everything, talk text and even limited web, from time to time.  It's not our main go-to phone, but for a 2nd emergency/convenience backup, this will more than do the job.For what it is, this is a 5 star phone.  Alexander Graham Bell would be in awe of how his invention has evolved.  Love it!