I see a lot of people complaining about this phone and telling how good the iphone is... well.. you can have an iphone... go for it. but remember to get 800$ for the factory unlocked version... or stick to a contract for 2 years.i see a lot of people complaining cuz they see how good the android phone are.. but wait... how much do you have to pay for an android with a decent camera (and believe me... the nexus s and nexus one camera both sucks) with 16gbites of memory (expandable to 48). for the androids you have to research if the phone that you r buying will be supported with the next updates (i don't have to worry about it with my n8).and you have to search for the phone that came with flash and frontal camera (nexus one or galaxy s don't comes with it), or a phone that can record a video in 720 (nexus s don't do it), i just wanna phone that have that all.iphone don't have hdmi ports (you can use it to show pictures and movies in family partys for example) or you cant expand the memory so you cant load the phone with ALL your music and pictures... and maybe one or two movies.i can do it... and i can do if FOR A HALF OF THE PRICE. i can take panoramic pictures, i can listen the radio... or listen my music on the radio, i can use skype, whatsapp, grooveshark, shazam, fring and more apps like android and iphone for A HALF OF THE PRICE.the screen.. yes maybe its smaller and it have less pixels per inch... BUT ITS LOOK GREAT i ask to my friend that have and iphone, and they say me that its look good, nice and brilliant colors maybe not better than their iphones but... IT COST ME A HALF OF THE PRICE.all the people that i call can listen to me loud and clear (i can say that not all the android can do that)i buy this phone cuz i want a phone to see my emails, facebook, twitter, play games sometimes (angrybirds and fruitninja), take good pictures, listen music... but then my friend start to comparing with their phones and every time we start the discussions i realize that i like more and more my phone cuz IT GIVE ME ALL!.i understand all those people that give bad reviews to this phone because hardware failures, but its unfair to compare it to a phone that cost 2x the price a give a bad reviews cuz the "screen its small" or "it should have a better processor". (mine cost me 370$).if you find an unlocked android/iphone, with 12mp camera (and frontal camera), 16gbites of memory, hdmi port, 720 hd video recording and all the features that this phone comes with for 370$ DON'T BUY THIS ONE.