I bought this phone (with T-Mobile service) because of its diminutive weight (under 3 ounces!) and size. Unfortunately, I am now saddled with a horribly juvenile interface. Beautiful hardware has been married to moronic software. Still, regardless of what follows, I am keeping the phone and rating it 3 stars.Now for the annoying stuff. First off, as others have pointed out, there are no normal ring tones. The closest is T-Mobile's theme song. Great. Now I'm a walking advertisement.But that's not all. Turn it on and you get tropical fish; a light house; a fantastically ornate, spinning hour glass (to comfort you while the address book takes forever to load); and an obnoxious animated "Hello from T-Mobile" logo (and a corresponding "Goodby from T-Mobile" version when you shut it off). Then there are some beautiful icons, in riveting color of course, for each functional category (including the sub-adult "Fun Box"), plus some unbelievably tacky 1-bit graphics dancing around on the outside screen whenever you receive a call or have messages. A screen which, by the way (as another reviewer has noted), displays incoming numbers not in full, but by scrolling. I suppose that's supposed to be advantageous and cool since the numbers are moving.And is there a way to turn all this garbage off? Noooo, there is not! I waded through the 160 page manual and then consulted T-Mobile. The rep told me I should get a phone with fewer features! Ha ha. Features indeed. These seem like small issues, but they aren't--any sensible person will want to stomp this thing after a couple of weeks. What a pity that such an amazing piece of hardware has been ruined by marketing dopes (?), clueless software engineers (?), an art department run by 12 year boys (?).One reviewer says that multiple phone numbers cannot be assigned to a name. This is not the case. You can add as many numbers as you want to each name (the menu system makes this confusing--if you've just entered a new number then Options, Add Entry allows you to add another number. If you are adding a number to an existing name then the sequence is Search, View, Options, Add Entry). The numbers, however, cannot be annotated with anything but the three defaults provided by Samsung (Home, Mobile, Work), but I have found that adequate for my purposes.A final note: While I was amazed that the phone can play chess (how well is hard to say, since even at the lowest level it's too slow), I was not surprised that the board is positioned incorrectly, with the white queen on a black square, and that it's almost impossible to play the game because the designers have opted for a flashy three-dimensional representation which obscures the positions and identities of the pieces.