Nokia N85 Unlocked Cell Phone with 5 MP Camera, 3G, GPS, MP3/Video Player, MicroSD Slot - U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)I purchased this with the free shipping saver option on a Thursday night, it was shipped Friday, I received it Wednesday.My previous phone was the Nokia N85 8GB and I have to say that I like this more. Its smaller, fits in my pocket, and screen is so much more brighter (OLED vs traditional LCD). I know there were some complaints about the builds quality of these devices, but rest assured the Nokia N85 has a great build (I heard some of the older copper ones had issues, but the black is of newer production).The camera pictures are great (probably the best camera out of all other camera phones) when viewed at a desktop sized zoom-in, but if you goto a 100% then it doesn't; I guess thats with all camera phones. If you need something sharper go get digicam or DSLR.Video recording is good too, Alot better and faster then those crappy webcams that are selling for like 70 bucks nowadays. Video recordings can also be geotagged (somehow).Maps are cool. Nokia allows you do download a Map Loader app from their website and download offline maps directly to your phone. I did that for a few states that I plan on visiting this summer. I love the geotagging feature and geotag every photo I take. You can upload them to Flickr, Panoramio, Google Picasaweb (and others), and they will recognize the geotagged information in the pictures and display them on the map. Quite cool.GPS locks fairly quickly without A-gps (for the ones who do not have mobile broadband plan).My recommendation to everyone who gets this phone, is to purchase some type of cover for the screen + body and my highest recommended product for that is the InvisibleShield from [...] I would install this within minutes of taking the N85 out of the box. Hey you gotta protect your investment!Some other features/options I like: slide to lock/unlock, slide to talk/hangup, auto. power saving mode, text-to-speech for incoming calls (says the name of the caller), there's a bunch more.The only negative thing I can say about the phone is that the keys can get a bit painful if you are a major texter. If so, then probably best to look into a qwerty phone (i.e. Nokia N97). Also the phone does get a bit warm when running the gps and camera for really long period of time. I ran it for an hour or so and it got quite warm for my taste.