The best feature of this phone is the camera. The slider is the second best feature. This phone seemed a good idea at the time of purchase. I wanted it for it's Mp3 player. The Mp3 player really sucks, poor sound quality and poor software design. The uSD card holder is very difficult. I have to push down on a tab while I use a very small screwdriver to push out the card. This piece of junk only supports up to 2GB uSD cards, no the newer uSD formats. The circular keypad fell apart less than 6 months and after warranty. The alpha numeric keypad is too small and has it's own issues. Sometimes I press a number and it opens a web browser, which is a different keypad. The OS locks up sometimes and I need to reboot. Sometimes, I plug this onto the charger, and it reboots itself. The Alarms sometimes disappear, which has posed problems for me, since I am without alarms then. The bluetooth is OK, but I wish I could give meaningful names to the devices. It will only allow one device at a time. The OS is very slow, so be patient. Connecting to a computer USB is not as good with this phone as yuou would think. The computer has a hard time working with ot. Also, the formatted uSD card, is not fully compatible with a pc. I have no idea why they did this, but, if you plug the uSD card into a card reader attached to your computer, MOVE something off the uSD card to your hard drive and place the uSD card back into your cell, the cell will not recognize anything on it and suggests you reformat it, which is another buggy feature. I would love to work with my appointments on my pc, but, thanks to Motorola brains, you cannot work anything from your pc. The battery doesn't not stay charged very long. And, another software bug with the battery, it will say it needs to be recharged, but if I remove the battery and put it back in or if I briefly connect the power adapter or is I reboot the cell, it will tell me my battery is full. Is it? I have no idea, so I keep it charging. This Motorola really sucks! Now that I am employed again, I will be searching for a new phone. I am very sick of this phone, I've had it for 3 years now. I will never buy a Motorola phone again. Let them go bankrupt, they certainly deserve it. There are much better phones out there for your money, just take your time to look around. Don't buy this phone.