I've had this phone since it first came out on the Sprint network, I think it was July 2010. So with 2 years of use I can report the good, the bad and the ugly.The Good-You can download free apps, ring tones.The Bad-It's super slow!  Ok, so over 2 years of texting my girlfriend and other people, when I send a text I watch the disc spin around on the screen for like 15 seconds before it will send.  Even when typing the words in the text it will select words that are not spelt correctly?  Where's the spellcheck?The Ugly, forget the Bad, most of everything on this phone is just pure ugly.The battery - lasts about 5 hours without use!  If I use the GPS ot watch a programme on the sprint network I'll be lucky to get 60 minues.  I bought another battery as a back up and again only get about 60 minutes of use.  Ridiculous!  I have the phone constantly on charge, in my car, at my desk in work and at home.The phone will randomly shut down by itself.Using the GPS it can freeze up....a nightmare when you're driving in another city 600 miles from home.  It can also send you in circles, it can miss a turn and say 're-routing' only to take you the same way again.  Use Google Maps! not the Sprint GPS that comes on the phone.I'm having to pay Sprint $10 a month for a data plan because this is a 4G phone.  I I don't get 4G where I live and don't even get it in the capital city of my state!  so it's a waste on money.SummaryFor 2 years I've paid Sprint $69/mth plus $10 data plan plus $8 insurance plus taxes and surcharges....for what.... for a phone with a standby time of 5 hours, a useage time of 60 minutes, slow processor, no 4G (maybe 0.1% of the time when I'm out), awful GPS, Sprint TV that shows nothing worth watching unless you pay more and upgrade for the premium channels, randomly shutsdown at the most inconvenient times.I went on a 6 hour bike ride yesterday.  Phone was fully charged.  I put it in a pocket in the back of my shirt.  At the end of my ride the phone showed the warning signal and advised to charge immediately!.  WTH!  using the other battery does the same thing.Awful!Since my 2 year contract is up with Sprint I'm shopping around!  Virgin Mobile looks good but we'll see.Good Luck!