I bought a Samsung Note 2 cell phone from FGS Trading through Amazon last December. Unfortunately, it couldn't be charged or restarted after an auto power-off at the beginning of this March. It's been DEAD since then. According to the documents that came with the phone, there is a 2-year warranty. However, the seller FGS Trading refused to offer me any help or give me any information about the origin of the phone after I have contacted with them for SIX times. They simply said it was already more than 30 days after purchase and it had nothing to do with them. They asked me to go to Samsung directly for help or repair the phone by myself. Even more worse, they provided me with an unanswered customer service number.Then I turned to Samsung for help. Until then I had been told that the phone was an international one ,and the Samsung US wasn't responsible for it .If I had known this ,I wouldn't buy a phone without US warranty. So I thought I was cheated by the seller-FST Trading. They shouldn't ignore such important information. Samsung told me they could do nothing without knowing the origin of the phone and asked me to go back to the seller. This is just RIDICULOUS!I chose to buy a cell phone through Amazon because it's been known to everyone Amazon is very reliable. And now this is what I have met with. I think Amazon is responsible to give me a reasonable solution, rather than let me make any more phone calls to listen to any NONSENSE. As a matter of fact, I have contacted with Amazon twice. And Amazon promised to negotiate with FGS trading for me. However, nothing has changed. The seller still keep the same attitude, ignoring their customer's requests .If you need, I can forward you all the emails between the FGS Trading and me. After reading the emails, I think you will be angry with them and their attitude. How should I buy a phone in the first place if I knew I would not get any technical support here in the United States? You shouldn't let the sellers like FGS Trading to sell goods through Amazon anymore .And I also found somebody else met the same problem with me.I have no choice but request to return the phone and get a full refund. PLEASE DO HELP ME!