I got this phone for Christmas and it's exactly what I wanted. A small cool looking phone that has a touchscreen, syncs with Outlook and has a fast processor.Overall this phone has been fantastic and does everything I need. It is seamless with Outlook and it's certainly easy to see everything on screen. It's a bright screen with clear photos, text and wonderful features. The interface is very cool looking (sad but cool was a plus for me) and it's so tiny that you can keep it in your pocket without knowing it's there. It's also surprisingly sturdy as I've dropped it several times and it is working just fine.The downside for me is that the Touchflo interface while being very cool doesn't really seem to have much customization. It's not as responsive an overlay as I'd hoped. Someone else wrote that you should tweak it etc. which I have done and the Touchflo setup just feels slow and clunky regardless of my settings. I have changed settings with very little noticeable difference. The battery is indeed small and you don't want to leave Wifi on or it'll drain faster than you could imagine. I don't care to get a battery that adds bulk...the size was a selling point to me.With all of that I still love my Touch Diamond and would love longer battery life but couldn't go back to my old phone because the screen on this is beautiful. Images are crystal clear and it is just a fun cool phone that is seamless with outlook. I have problems with my meetings going off an hour even though Outlook has it right.. we don't change times in Arizona but I had to set it to California time and will have to change settings when the time changes again. That's clearly a flaw and I spent lots of time trying to fix it, finally being told by HTC that I could just set it to California time. It's a smartphone.. I shouldn't have to do that, but I did.  Windows Mobile6 is the only true weakpoint of this phone and there isn't another option.This phone does what it is supposed to do and I can't blame it for WinMob6. It's a real stunning winner of a phone and for the few issues it's still a winner for me. I don't have any desire to get an iPhone and this little gem is the best WinMob Smartphone I've had my hands on.Look past the few small issues and this phone will truly shine.