I've been searching for a solid business smart phone for some time. The key criteria was first and foremost solid phone reception in an area that can have spotty coverage due to many hills plus strong battery life. I also needed solid syncing capability to my work calendar (Oracle Calendar), a very strong web browsing experience, and well designed contacts and call management. I must say that the Nokia e71 has excelled in each of these areas and the battery life is amazing (2 days solid with no charging). The main screen (Home Screen) is very well designed and more customizable than any other smart phone I have seen including the iPhone (which I also like very much). The extent to which this phone and its menu options can be tailored to meet your unique needs is impressive. The keyboard is small but eminently usable and the weight and thinness of this phone is incredible. This is one phone that I carry in a pouch in my pocket and not on my belt -- which is a first. The speaker phone is very decent ... not as strong as a Blackberry I used previously ... but respectful. And the call clarity and reception is a major plus for this phone. I loved my iPhone but dropped calls more than I would have preferred. Not so with this phone ... I've gotten consistently good reception. The included web browser is very usable and Opera Mini is also excellent (a free download). The email client on this phone -- which I use for IMAP4 -- is decent but I find it can occasionally be slow in updating or syncing with my corporate e-mail. Also, the calendar sync works well, but there is no auto-sync capability (you have to initiate the sync directly although that's easily done). Not a deal killer for me, but the email functionality needs some further refinement (perhaps a firmware update is coming on this one) and Nokia really does need to add an autosync feature for the syncml client so it can for example run once in the morning and once in the evening without user intervention to keep your phone's calendar in sync with the office. But in the end, there is no perfect smart phone ... but this seems to me to be one of the most solid one's out there based on my own extensive research and hands on testing. Excellent build quality, very rich functionality, and a reliable phone connection. I'm well satisfied. Nokia seems to have a winner here and if you have a Mac, the sync support to the Mac platform is an added plus. Good luck in your search for the perfect phone!