I've used TracFone for several years and I know that there's a good chance that I'll have some difficulty when dealing with them, but I like TracFone because it fits my needs.  But this time after purchasing a TracFone from Amazon the difficult issue with TracFone really went beyond difficulty.  After receiving the TracFone from Amazon, I went on line to activate the phone and after entering all the necessary information suchas phone model, serial number, SIM Card Number, name and address, e-mail and phone number, I was directed to an automated phone number because the SIM Card Number was in error.  After entering all the same information again, I was again directed to call the 800 number for Technical Support.  I spoke with someone that I had a very hard time understanding what they were saying, plus they must have been in one large room with other people dealing with other people's issues like myself, as the voices in the background were very distracting.  After going through the same routine as before, I gave them the same information again.  I was told the SIM Card Number was no good and they would send me a new one in seven to ten days.  I received the new SIM Card Number and installed it according to the directions.  The phone would still no work.  I went through the same routine as I previously described.  I was told that the second SIM Card Number was bad and they would send another new card in seven to ten days.  After 14 days, I still had not received a new SIM Card, so I called TracFone again.  They said they didn't send a new card because of an error in their computer.  I was then connected with a supervisor, who was not sure as to what was causing the problem with the SIM Cards and was not sure as to what the next step would be, but she would have someone call within 24-48 hours.  No one ever called, so I felt that after spending 1 1/2 hours on the phone with three people, I was not going to call them again, so I finally had enough and decided to return the phone to Amazon for credit.  I like TracFone, but they really dropped the ball when it comes to dealing with customer problems.