I ordered the Pink RAZR phone knowing that it would be, just that, a phone. I didn't have any big expectations for cool features, I figured the large price tag was just what you have to pay for style. When I got the phone, I was pleasantly surprised at some of the features, and disappointed with a few flaws.The biggest feature of this phone is undoubtedly the fact that it's pink, svelte, and beautiful. I get tons of compliments on it from just about everyone who sees it. In addition to that, however, I did find that as far as camera phones go, the RAZR's camera was pretty decent. I was also pleasantly surprised at how large and bright the LCD was. My favorite feature, though, is the mobile phone tools software that comes with the phone that allows you to use segments of mp3 files as ringers, which saved me a lot of money (I usually buy them online) and enabled me to use whatever I want as a ringer. You can also upload pictures using the software, which was pretty useful and made for some cute wallpaper. More or less, it provided me with the style I wanted, and more features than I expected.Despite the fact that it was a great phone to begin with, I started having problems about three weeks into owning it. I would turn the phone on, and it would randomly dial numbers and then shut itself off. I thought perhaps I had dropped it or gotten it wet, but upon investigation, I found no sign that I had damaged it and had no knowledge of any accidents involving the phone. I was very worried that I'd just spent over 300 dollars on what would now be a very stylish paperweight, but I called Amazon's customer service and a very nice representative shipped me a replacement phone and labels to send my defective unit back with. I got the new phone, and everything has been going great so far, so I would just assume I got a defective phone to begin with. The only other flaw I can find with the RAZR is that it doesn't have great battery life, however, this isn't a huge issue, it just needs to be charged every day or two-- especially if you're constantly taking on it like I am.Overall, it is a great phone and more than I expected it to be. Amazon also went above and beyond my expectations to get my phone replaced as quickly as possible, and I am a very satsified customer. Plus, out of all the different phones I've had (probably 10 or more including other motorolas, nokias, samsung, etc.) this is by far my favorite.