So if you're thinking of purchasing a phone through Net10, you might want to read the posts here and rethink your decision. Last week, I placed an order for the LG Optimus phone, which the customer service said would work in my area. I recently moved to another state and need to keep in touch with my parents, so a WORKING phone is important! The day I got my phone in the mail I activated it. In order to active it, though, you have to pay for the airtime. The phone I got requires the $50 unlimited plan, so I forked out the money to get it activated that night. I ended up calling Net10 in the morning because I was getting NO RECEPTION for my phone. The customer service representative was awful. She asked me the same question over and over again. "Do you live in areas with trees?" "So...when is your phone dropping calls?" It was as though she didn't even know the product or the service they were offering. After answering these questions repeatedly the line would go quiet for 5 minutes. She'd come back and say "Give me a moment while I help you." She ended up telling me that there was an outage in the WHOLE state of Missouri (I asked for clarification, because it's weird that it encompasses the entire state and not just my area) and it would be resolved in 48 hours. I called back after allowing time for the "outage" to be fixed. I asked to speak to a manager this time because it was my second time calling customer service and not having anything resolved. I was very polite with the manager, up until she started acting like I was obnoxious. I explained to her that my phone wasn't working. Could barely HEAR her because she was talking quietly. My phone volume was all the way up (was using an alternate phone to call). She told me, again, that there was an outage in my area and that it would be fixed within 48 hours. I explained that the phone doesn't work and that the previous associate told me it came from Sprint. I'd actually called Sprint itself and they said their towers were experiencing NO issues in my area. I asked the manager if they could refund me for the $50 I cannot use because the phone doesn't work. She said, "Our company does not do that." I asked her if she would be willing to make a one time exception and she said no. So just to let people know, Net10 is having you pay for service they will not deliver. Their customer service is horrendous and I am fed up. Will be moving to US Cellular. If you want terrible service, money stolen from you for un-serviceable phones, then choose Net10. If not, you're better spending your money elsewhere. This company is HORRIBLE!