I purchased this phone in desperation. Orignally I paid $200.00 for a smartphone but I could not hear the conversation clearly no matter what I did. I also could not hear it "ring" even if I put the "ring" on the highest volume level and set the profile to "outdoor" <= this is the loudest profile available. Aside from being able to hear clearly or even being heard clearly, the monthly cost was $60.00+. The phone was so bad, I gladly paid the $300.00 penalty fee and moved to another carrier whose monthly cost was $10.00/month with a free phone. The free (non-smart) phone met my needs but the speakers in the phone obviously could not handle the loudest setting. (I think they cracked. a clear case of you get what you don't pay for.) Because my current $10/month carrier was ATT (uses SIM CARD), I was limited in my choices for a new phone. That is where the SAMSUNG SGH a777 comes in. For approx. $50.00 I got a phone with potential. I can activate the "smartphone" features (data, internet access, email capable, SMS, 3G, etc.)if I wish and if I only want an "ordinary" phone, it works just fine. I slipped in my sim card and voila! It worked seamlessly with my new carrier. FEATURES: It has several options to create your personal menu(s) - effectively alleviating the need to scroll through multi-levels and sub-levels to access one feature. (e.g. MENU/MY STUFF/TOOLS/Calculator, or Currency converter, or World time, or Recent calls, etc. is now just OPTIONS/Calculator, or Currency converter, or World time, or Recent calls, etc. CAPS = 1 LEVEL each.) Not only can you set your own menu(s) but there are extra blanks to create/add functionality! I primarily wanted a solid reliable phone. Just a phone - period. No bells or whistles. The only "CON" for me is that the camera is only 1.3 megs. That is pretty bad but I carry a point and shoot when I need photos. So not a real deal breaker. I am just glad to get a phone that works - well. By the way, I ended up buying another one for future use in case I lost this one or damaged it in some way - basically I got a backup phone because I liked it so much. Cheers!