The Sanyo PM-8200 is an awesome piece of equipment.  Don't believe the hype!  If you live in a major metropolitan area, Sprint service is often BETTER than that of other cariers.  I live in the New York / New Jersey area and the service is great here, especially with a high quality phone like this one.  I'm sure in some areas of the country Sprint may not be as good.  I've never had a problem with my connection, although their customer support is another issue.That being said, this phone utilizes all the good things that Sprint offers.  The wireless web through PCS Vision is great.  The new link feature is nice too.  It basically allows you to use this phone as a walkie talkie.  Watch out Nextel!Contrary to some of the other reviewers, I actually like the speaker phone.  I think the quality is good.  How many cell phones actually have a speakerphone by the way!The camera is a nice feature.  The PIM is cool too.  It is true that there's not enough speed dial numbers for those who use that.  I never used it too much with my Samsung phone anyway.  What's worse is that my Samsung just was not durable.  My experience with Sanyo phones is that they stand up to a lot of abuse!True, there are also not enough games and ring tones on this phone. Downloading that stuff sucks, not to mention that they want you to pay extra.  It's a $300 phone, include some decent ring tones will you!!!!!Adding another criticism, why does Sprint go out of its way to sell phones that come with no accessories?  This is an annoying problem, considering most of those cheapo plastic accessories cost them pennies to make overseas.  Check out some of my reviews of the accessories for these phones.  This is one problem that is not just about this phone, it's about the cell carriers trying to sqeeze their customers till they go broke.All in all, the positive far outweighs the minor issues with this phone.  Every generation gets better, and the features on this particular phone make it more than worth the cash.  This phone rocks, which is what I expect from Sanyo!  Enjoy!