I'm a little biased, because I really don't like the way the menus work on Tracfones.  The LG 840 is the only one I've used that has an improved interface that is actually pretty easy to use.  Anyway...This is a decent-looking phone that doesn't scream Tracfone as much as the average little flip-phone does.  But that's about the only good thing I can say about it.I ordered this phone because the Blackberry-like keyboard really appealed to me.  But trying to use the keyboard is nothing like a Blackberry.  It doesn't have the ridges on the keys that make a Blackberry easy to type on.  And the space bar is really strange.  It always adds a period and a space unless you press the left edge of the space bar, and that's difficult because the space bar is pretty small.The LG 540 is a Tracfone with a much more Blackberry-like keyboard, but it's more expensive.Instead of a 4-way directional button to navigate through the menus, it has a cute little track pad sensor.  It works pretty well, but when you go to press the button down to make a selection your thumb often moves enough to change what you had selected.  So the menus are a bit tricky.I expect a cheap LCD display from any Tracfone, but this one has an exceptionally bad viewing angle.  The whole screen is very washed out and bad-looking from the side.  It's not a big deal, but if you see the phone sitting on a table or something, the cheap screen really screams at you that it's a cheap throw-away phone.  Which is a shame, because otherwise it's about the classiest-looking Tracfone I've seen.If you turn the volume all the way down, it goes to its Silent profile, which vibrates.  And when this phone vibrates, it is LOUD.  If you work in an office, it'll sound like you just fired up a Dremel Tool at your desk.  So if you want it to be silent, you have to go into Sound Settings, and set all three Call/Message/Phone notifications from Vibrate to Mute.  Then it'll still make sounds for things like low battery notification.  And if you do want it to vibrate (say you're going to be somewhere loud), you have to change all three Mute settings back to Vibrate.  It's a huge pain, so I ended up just leaving the volume at 1 since that's quieter than the vibration.