I got the Samsung T401G as part of a promo I located online from Net10.It was part of a bundle: buy a $25 card and get a phone free. This phone itself lists at $49.99 on the Net10 site.This is a refurb and I have no problem with that. I have bought various refurb items and never had an issue.Some of the features that I like on this phone:+ The LCD screen is noticeably bigger than the screen on the Samsung T201G that I had.+ The keypad keys are raised and easy to use.+ The slide-out qwerty keyboard has small keys that work better than I expected. I can press the keys with my index finger.+ Strong signal. No dropped calls.+ Charging port. I can use the car charger and wall charger from the Samsung T201G on this phone. No need to buy a specific charger for this model.+ Owners manual. The manual that accompanied this phone is concise, organized, and most importantly; it's helpful.+ Ease of use. This phone is very easy to navigate and locate features. If you are familiar with Samsung models, they have a very similar menu.+ Texting is very easy! That's a new task for me. I found that a brief consultation with the manual made for easy texting.Every feature on the T401G works when I try it. Dependable phone.The only cons I can think of was the lack of a phone case. But that's not much of a con when I factor in the free overnight shipping and the higher price tag on this phone.I called Net10 customer service to de-activate my old phone, activate this one, and transfer remaining minutes.The service was very good! Net10 has a bad reputation for customer service. That hasn't been my experience so far.As far as phone service and signal availability, there is one hilly area where reception drops regardless of what cell phone we use. Overall Net10 signal and service has been dependable and consistent with that one area being the exception.I like this phone a bit more than the Samsung T201G that I reviewed previously.It's heavier but also solid. Nothing feels loose or "cheap." I recommend the Samsung T401G.