Don't listen too much to the the praise of this phone. You have to consider how you're going to use it. Carriers will not sell you a sim card. In order to use this phone in the US you'll have to get into a long-term contract, only then will they provide you with the sim card.Unlocked phones are orphans that lack the benefits  or perks of  phones that are part of the carriers networks. If you get this phone and simply insert another phone's sim card into it, you've just wasted your money, since its internet feature will be disabled, or it will be much more expensive to use.Also, you can't use it with a no contract carrier. You'll basically end up with a nice looking phone that's far from as useful as the phones you get through carriers, due to the system that is. Or, far from as useful as it could be.Think twice if you really want a nice looking phone that can do half of what the approved phones can do. Of course that wouldn't be the case in Asia or Europe, but in the US, good luck in tapping the phones capabilities with verizon or t-mobile without ending up sucked into a long-term contract like with any other of their phones.It's amazing how many knuckleheads go out and buy unlocked cellphones without thinking how they're going to activate it, and what it'll entail in terms of carriers policies. Sure this is a great phone in theory.Also if you bought an unlocked phone of your choice, and could easily get a sim card with no contract for it, then how come there's a big market for no contract phones, with several carriers accommodating it? The neggers  must be mad that they can't answer this question. If unlocked phones were such good choices everyone would get them, but most don't.The neg flocks group thinking is noticeable.The web is full of examples of how it's a hassle getting t-mobile to provide a sim card for someone's unlocked phone. It's also full of cost comparisons, and they all say unless you travel abroad often, getting an unlocked phone will be a waste of money. Not only are these phones outdated (getting a newer model can cost more than an ipad), the amount of data and talk are very limited.