i bought the s3 primarily because of the hype for its camera, which in itself was responsible for my disappointment in this cell, because of one major flaw in its design - you simply can't turn off the deafening 'shutter' sound. it's a minor explosion, and alerts everybody within a considerable that you are ... snapping. stealth photography is out of the question and might generate some animosity on the subjects' part. quality of the pictures is fair, and there is no stabilizer. hit rate is low.that majour letdown heightened my disposition to find further faults in the machine, which i certainly did, namely:- the battery drains quicker than the cell charges, especially with wi-fi on. 4 hours of battery life? that's pretty miserable i think.- the swipe method of writing is a joke by its uncannyness to unlearn languages - english both uk and us, and portuguese. no matter how much you have to input letter by letter to 'remind' it of a word often used, be sure it will forget it. writing becomes a frustratingly slow act, and even dangerous : the only words the cell seems to be able to remember are the four-letter variations; be sure to review before sending! 'smartphone'? this is a stupidphone if ever there has been one.- writing an email transforms the screen space into chaos - too many little pull-downs appear, and after three lines of text your mail is engulfed by the keyboard, and despite the preview button its anyone's guess what you're writing behind that keyboard. when you're sufficiently lost to the cell's content where is that send button?! behind some other crap.- gmail is hyper sensitive to the touch and the slightest brush of the tip of your finger can open some unwanted email when you're scrolling, or add a star, mark as important, etc. there is no user sensitivity setting that i'm aware of, despite having searched. other user programs are not affected and remain usable. gmail is not within this setting's jurisdiction.- the phone's ringtones are extremely tacky with titles like 'ocean mist' , or 'mystical awakening' , 'tinkling pond', with melodies and such that are exactly what the titles suggest  - an embarrassment. the only usable rintone is a beep-beep. there is a single beep, which is unusable because it's just a single beep.on the bright side , the processor zips along; it's fast! the design is nice, and the screen quality is delightful.these latter pros don't keep me from marking this as a two-star. too many bugs, design flaws, and woah, the 600-dollar price tag? i've been kind with two stars and not one.