It has been a while since I wanted a Touchscreen phone and was considering the HTC Desire, the Samsung S8000Jet, Motorola Milestone XT720 and the Nokia N8. The iPhone is a great phone but just not the one of my taste.Why did I choose the N8? well, it has all that I wanted.I am currently outside the US and the 3G frequency here is 850MHz which narrows my options.The HTC: Only specific models has the HSPDA 850MHz (A8182 & A8183) which are quite difficult to find on Amazon, in fact I was not able to find one!The Samsung: Checked with a friend's phone and the signal coverage was not that good.The Motorola: Great phone (xenon flash, HDMI out, HD Video capability), but a bit too big to fit confortably in my handI currently own a Nokia E51 and it is a great phone, in over 2 years no issues at all and the signal coverage is amazing (My wife works at a school out in the mountain area, and where all the other phones(Samsung, LG, Motorola) have failed with the network coverage(screen shows searching for network) this one wins by far (80% signal strenght)Purchased the phone on "Cyber Monday" for $429. Got the "Made in china" one and was a bit worried based on the reviews I saw, but I've had no issues at all with the phone(most of our electronic devices are made in China anyway). It even came with the updated firmware(RM596) and all the software updated as well (OVI suite shows "No updates available")Only some minor annoyances so far:1. Sometimes (less now than before) The screen will not respond to touch. I tap and tap and tap again and nothing, as if it was not aware that I was tapping or maybe I am not doing it correctly.2. Sometimes when I flip the phone, the screen will not rotate, I have to return it to portrait and then flip it and then it will rotate the screen. Amazingly, if the phone is on the table, as soon as I pick it up, the screen rotates!3. The home screen is a bit simple and you cannot place widgets side by side. Solved by installing SPB Mobile Shell4. The browser is not that bright so I use Opera Mobile 10 instead.5. No QWERTY keyboard in Portrait mode (weird as when using Opera, you get the QWERTY keyboard in portrait mode)6. No "custom" setting for equalizer as my E51 hasBedides these, which I can live with, the phone is working great. I get 100% battery after 1 complete day of usage. Power Saving Mode is nice to cutdown battery dain.Played Angry Birds, Neef For Speed Shift, Real Golf 2011 and Galaxy On Fire and they all ran flawlessly.Now, I can leave my Zen Multimedia Player(N8 Headphones have a great sound) and my Panasonic Lumix Camera at home as I have both features in the N8, plus, I can use it to make and receive calls.