I've had this phone for about six months now, and I have to say that it's a good phone.  Sadly, the Sprint network in this area prevents me from using it to its fullest, as it is 3G capable, but stuck in a 2G city.THE GOOD: It's a flip.  In fact, it is the ONLY flip/clamshell form smartphone on the US market (there are a couple of Android-powered flips in China and Japan).  This is a definite plus due to my absolute detestation of bar form phones.  Easy to set up and customize, and the apps aren't bad, either.  Sure, a lot of them are paid whereas they're free on other platforms, but the functionality is the same, and it's a FLIP.  Upgrading from the LG Lotus, I find the size and feel to be about the same.  App installation and OS updates are easy, though the latter can be time-consuming.Did I mention it's a flip phone?THE BAD: Whoever placed the camera and flash needs to go back to design school.  Other flip phones have their lenses on the cover, but this one has it on the main body.  Thus, one has to hold it in a fairly awkward way to use the camera.  Another downside is that there are no soft, form-fitting cases like there are for other flip-type phones like the LG Lotus.  It's either snap-on or sleeve.  Also, some popular apps are incompatible with this particular model.Also, the phone will freeze occasionally (with or without the "spinning clock" icon), but these events are always brief.And then there's the lack of 3G network in the area where I live.  The built-in Wifi and Bluetooth do make up for it, but it would be nice if Sprint would upgrade some of their smaller markets to 3G.THE UGLY:  Should you ever get a corrupted app installation, it will take drastic measures to fix.  In my case, a corrupted download of the Twitter app put the phone into a reboot loop, which required a complete wipe and re-installation of the OS and apps.Considering the whole, the good far outweighs the bad and the ugly, making this an ideal phone for someone transitioning from a standard flip or feature flip.  That said, should a flip-form Android ever hit the US market, that, not another of these, will be my next phone.