I bought this phone last week directly from the AT&T; store.  I renewed my existing contract with AT&T; so I already had their service.  I am very impressed with the phone overall.  It is sleek and stylish with a lot of features which work well.Pros:  Styling and Features  Call quality and signal strength  Micro SD card slot  Dedicated USB cable port  Dedicated headphone jack (albeit a small one so you still need an adapter)  Pin type connector charger (not the clip on connectors)Cons:  Battery Life  Lack of installed ringtones, (correction, see below)  Hard to navigate folders and menusI mostly use the phone to talk on and not much else.  I need to charge the battery pretty much every night.  I can go about a day and a half or 2 days if I stretch it.  If you talk a lot or intend to use the other features plan on charging it every night.  In their defense the battery life is rated at 3 hours of talk time and that is pretty much it.  You won't get more than that and like I said you won't get even that much if you do games or other stuff.  The other thing that was kind of disappointing was no ringtones installed except the standard ATT ring. (Correction).  There are a couple of ringtones installed I just wasn't looking in the right folder which is the biggest problem I have with it now.  The music hides in different menu folders and depending which menu you are in you won't see them which is why I didn't think there were any tones at first.  You pretty much have to download anything you want to play.I really like the phone and if the battery would last longer it would be about perfect.  Since all I do is use it for talking and not much else it suits me.I have had this phone for about 5 months now and still really like it.  I am not a tech wiz so I have not even used the music player and other features until recently.  I downloaded some ringtones from a 3rd party website and it was easy.  They play great.  Today I used the bluetooth capability to load pictures from my camera to my MacBook and also loaded a few songs onto my phone.  It was easy for a novice like myself. No compatibility issues.  Call quality and reception have been above average.  I fly all over the east coast and it works pretty much everywhere you would expect.