Wow, what a great deal this Tracfone is. Seller quickly shipped the phone and everything received was as advertised. I was able to activate the phone within 10 minutes. Instructions provided by the seller were perfect - just be sure to read the instructions that are taped to the outside of the Tracfone package. Problems with activation and phone setup by others are caused by not reading and following the instructions. Follow these instructions step by step and the process is simple. Step#1 - Plug the phone into the charger and activate the phone with the Tracfone Red Activation Card. I had to wait a few minutes for my phone to be activated and get my new phone number. Do not go on to step#2, adding airtime, until your phone is activated. Step#2 - You need to add airtime using the 15 digit PIN number that is in the instructions that were taped to the phone package. When I tried to add the 50 bonus minutes for Sept. from the TracFone Saving Book it wouldn't take it. After activation and adding my 1200 minutes I called Tracfone and they gave me 50 minutes when I gave them the code from the TracFone Saving Book. I ended up with a bonus of 50, so I got 1200+50+20 that came with the phone, for a total of 1270 minutes.Wow, I got the LG800g with one year of service and 1200 minutes, all for $109. The price of the LG800g bought separately ($49), plus the cost of one year of service and only double minutes ($99) equals almost $150. So for only $109 you get the phone, one year of service, TRIPLE minutes for life, and a great phone. This is by far the best Tracfone ever offered, and I've had a lot of them over the years.Picked up the 3X screen protectors, and picked up a newly offered gel case for the LG800g at E-v-o-l-u-c-e-l-l (take the dashes out and do a google search for it) for less than $10.Service with this phone is the same as the Samsung I have on AT&T; GSM network in my area, very good reception inside my home. Would highly recommend the phone bundle and the seller for providing such good service and instructions.