this phone is simply one of the best looking phones out there and also one of the powerful ones.this phone truly shine in the graphics department. i myself don't expect a lot from mobile games but saying "amazing" when playing games like need for speed shift, nova, backbreaker, etc. is an understatement.it takes 720p video and high res images up to 2560x1920. the camera has plenty of functions which you can find similar to a digital camera, like smile shutter, panoramic, burst shot, cartoon effects, action shot and more. self portrait shots are taken with the front facing camera.using this phone in a 3G network (for me, it's AT&T;), is really satisfying. accessing full websites with the browser is like using a tablet computer. pinch-to-zoom and scrolling through websites is really smooth. downloading files works well too.the UI of the phone is great. some people don't like the TouchWiz UI, but at the same time, i don't really like the stock android skin. apps such as launcher pro plus and adw launcher can add customization for the UI. so you're not limited on how the menus look.widgets are another features that i do like and this phone runs them smoothly. live wallpapers is also supported.this device support a great amount of video and image files. i tested it by putting a 720p .H264 DivX video and played smoothly with no lags. i did some scrolling through the video and yet there is still no lag considering it's an hd movie that's playing.messaging is in thread form. supports mms for sending images, audio, video. the I9000-GT also supports video calling built in using the front camera. AT&T; doesn't support that but i tried it with an app called fring and it works over wifi or 3G.calendar sync for google calendar is also supported. it also includes ThinkFree Office which lets you edit/create/view Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Adobe PDF files.the Super AMOLED screen is really great! i love to be able to view what's on my phone when i'm outside or under the sun, if you're worried about that then worry no more!it annoys me sometimes how the screen is ridiculously bright in the dark even at the lowest settings. but that's a great thing! haha!watching movies on this 4 inch screen is great although the battery won't last very long if used that way.call quality is pretty good. no dropped calls nor signal lost so far.overall, i'm completely satisfied with this phone! i'm a phone addict and when i got this amazing device, i just stopped looking for other phones.all the features that i need and want are all in the Galaxy S and apps from the Android marketplace makes this phone worth more.