I'm a fan of Android devices, Galaxy in particular.  I've owned or test driven most of their devices over the past few years:  Galaxy tablet, GS2, tested the GS3, and now have the Galaxy Note to go along with the others.  I love the size of the Note most of all.  It's very similar to the GS2 which I've had for the past year in terms of its overall operation and navigation between the various features.  The Note is a solid unit and extremely user friendly.  I particularly like the keyboard which has been expanded from the GS2 so that you can enter both text and numbers from the same keyboard without having to toggle.I've only had the Note a couple of days at this writing so there's still a learning curve I have to experience on the use of the stylus and its various uses.  I've easily set up the Note to accept my various emails, gotten the Amazon Kindle to sync with it along with all my dozens of books, and have successfully downloaded and installed my favorite sites like USA Today and Twitter.  All that done with ease and without a hitch.  Ditto the voicemail, personalized greeting and again, no problems. I've yet to tackle the Skype video voice call system but do not anticipate any drama there either.  Also, the pictures and video recordings I've done with the Note have been first rate.  The test calls I've done are crystal clear and superior to the audio quality on the GS2.  The fact that the Note is still using the Gingerbread operating software is not an issue with me as it's the same as the GS2 and easy to use.  I prefer the old tried and true ways it goes about its business.  The new GS3 and ice cream sandwich OS?  Not so much.I am not easy to please when it comes to devices of this type.  Having gone through a couple of iphones, many Blackberrys and even the GS3 which I didn't particularly care for, I was ready to take the Note back to AT&T; for a full refund within their 30 day allotted period if the Note either frustrated me or simply didn't work the way I wanted.  No worries on those fronts with the Note. I bought the Note with a 2yr contract at a refurbished price of only $49 which is a steal for device as sophisticated as the Note!  It arrived in perfect order and looks/feels/responds as a brand new unit.  It's an excellent device in every sense.  I'll update again in about a month when I'm fully up to speed on the actual note taking abilities on the Note.  For now, I'm impressed.