You'll need to buy a SIM card if you use Verizon.  Sometimes it's better to buy this phone and just go to a corporate Verizon store and have them put the SIM card in when you get it activated.  Chances are you'll have to go to that store to get the phone activated anyway.The phone I bought here on AMAZON didn't have the SIM card, just an empty slot.You'll want to buy a SD micro memory card if you don't have one already.  I recommend at least 16 GB if not 32 GB.  The phone I bought here on AMAZON didn't have the SD micro memory card, just an empty slot.This is a fairly bare bones purchase option.  You're still going to want to buy an Otter Box Defender series (or equivalent) type case.  You'll want either that or a silicone slip cover for it, and screen protector sheets.  The phone is seriously thin, and tough for big guy hands to hang onto.  You might want a stylus if you text a lot.You get the phone, a battery, a charger, a USB data cable, and that's about it.  If you want the manual, go online to Verizon or to Samsung websites.I had the Samsung Galaxy S4 (next size up) and didn't like it because it is so big; I may as well carry a tablet or laptop.  I have also had the Samsung Continuum (which is the very first Galaxy class).  The Continuum is reminiscent of the banana phone early cell phones, and has an inadequate camera, plus a very small screen.  The Samsung Galaxy S III is a great bridge between, the 8 megapixel main camera is far superior to the Continuum (5 megapixel), but not quite as benchmark as the Galaxy S4 which has a 13 megapixel main camera.  The S III  and S4 have front cameras for webcam style video communication (not much difference between the S III and S4 front cameras - 2 megapixel or less).I like the Samsung Galaxy S III and consider it to be easier to use than the Samsung Continuum, however, this AMAZON listing would have had happier customers who bought here, if AMAZON mentioned that purchasers still need to buy the SD micro memory chip and be prepared to get their own SIM chip for this phone.