I honestly can say this is a great phone. What I like about it is the button locations for Menu/Calendar/Address Book/Messages. They actually give you buttons so you don't have to use any of your shortcuts which is great. For my shortcuts I selected "Profiles", "Camera", "Email Accounts", "Clock Management (including alarm), and "Internet", that completed my quick setup according to how I like it. Again, the included buttons for what usually are shortcut items gave me plenty of lee-way to add my own. The speakerphone is great, the screen is great, the camera is totally awesome and it has a flash (WHAT A CONCEPT!) LOL. The internet layout of the screen is pretty cool too and it loads very fast (I guess that's up to your service provider. I have AT&T;). This phone also allows you to have multiple applications open and its extremely easy to toggle between them. What you can't have is multiple internet windows open though so for example if I have ESPN open and I want to switch between that and Google, one will have to close for the other to open. The volume of the phone is pretty awesome too but you may want to download some of your own ring tones because the defaults are pretty lame. What I don't like about the phone is pretty simple.. the speed dialing is VERY limited. If you have ever owned a Blackberry your probably familiar with just holding down a letter on the QWERTY keypad and you can program a person to that button for speed dial. Well, on this phone they do the speed dial according to the "numbers" on the keypad. So for example if I wanted to program my friend "Alex", I wouldn't be able to use the letter "A" but instead I'd have to program numbers 2-9 (1 being voicemail). For me that's my only negative that I can come up with and that's why I say the phone is great.I also download the YouTube application and the layout for that is pretty sweet. I haven't tried the Direction/Navigator yet but will soon.I personally am getting a Blackberry but that's only because of the speed dialing and the blackberry messenger. I will keep this phone as my emergency phone and never will get rid of it.