First let me start off with the bad, the Focus S is made by Samsung. That alone should be telling enough. Anyone that has ever owned, seen or used any of their smartphones in the last 2 years or so will understand what i mean. Whether it be their now top of the line Android phone the Galaxy Nexus, the Galaxy S II, Galaxy  S, Nexus S or Samsung Focus...all the phones are made out of plastic, feel very light in hand, and this lack of heft tends to give them the feel of cheapness or fragility. It really isn't the case, as I can say I had dropped my older Samsung Captivate (AT&T;'s Galaxy S) and Samsung Focus on the ground many times, with little more than minor scuffs resulting, but still...you will always have the feeling of "wow this phone is almost too light" if you're like me and value the use of premium materials in gadgets. And as far as the bad, that's really it. Let's move on.I actually upgraded to this phone from the Samsung Focus, and I must say that it is actually worth every penny for me.  I started with Window Phone 7 last year, so I can say I'm pretty well versed in the ins and outs of the phone. But this phone loaded with Windows Phone 7.5 "Mango" is really something great. The OS isn't as featured filled as iOS and not as customizable as Android, but conversely it isn't hampered by the "walled garden" of Apple nor does it have some of the incohesive and unpolished issues of Android - if you've used an Android phone for more than a day, you're surely aware of the instability, sometimes slow update schedule and random errors like "force close".All in all, the OS has it's shortcomings and lack of features, but what it has done so far, it's completely nailed in execution.As far as the actual phone hardware itself (besides the build quality I mentioned before)it's great to be honest. The camera takes really good pictures, especially in low light conditions, the screen is amazing and has incredible color reproduction and black levels, and it's really one of the thinnest phones on the market. Would have been nice if there was a 32GB option for people that really do a lot of syncing of music, videos and podcasts, but i can't nit pick. Otherwise it's a great phone, won't regret the purchase.