I bought a Nokia E71 hoping to replace my SE K550i.  Main reasons for looking for a replacement was to have a Qwerty keyboard, 3G connectivity, GPS, being unlocked, Quad-phone, video conference capability, a decent set of commercial or free application availability, especially editing MS Word type documents, expansion (via memory cards) and a decent camera.I am happy with E71 - EXCEPT the camera.  When it was originally advertised, the 3.2Mp camera seemed too tempting to have and sounded as a nice upgrade from my SE K550i - Boy I was wrong :(  the 2Mp pictures my SE K550i was/is taking are much much better compared to E71. There is NO COMPARISON - it is THAT BAD.  Everybody who owns an E71 now complains on Nokia forums or similar platforms and everybody is hoping and praying for a software update with a firmware from Nokia so the problem will be fixed.  Until then, the problem (the picture quality is horrible) is there.The connectivity is very nice - you can even use E71 without a simcard for Web Surfing.  It finds the wireless connection points really fast, call quality is nice, sound is very decent, A-GPS is amazingly fast and the Nokia Maps software is very nice (though expensive for an online service in my opinion) - the Google Maps works as a champ with no turn by turn voice help (if you don't care).  Some reported that Germin XT is another option to have already downloaded maps to avoid online expense in addition to the data charges.  The default browser is very nice and fast. Opera Mini and even firefox mobile are available for E71.  The office software that comes with the phone, when updated, is capable of editing/creating MS Office 2007 compatible docs/spreadsheets and presentations.  The device has bluetooth 2 compatible and also works as a hotspot itself for other devices such as your laptop when JoikuSpot software (I am using the paid version but a free light version is available) is used.Other than the camera problem the phone is very very nice and capable.  Unless you are looking for a nice camera phone, then this is a nice smartphone - if the camera is important - then don't buy it now (nov 2008) - wait until there is any software fix that will address the issue.If camera is important then SE 850i is a nice 3G , unlocked phone option (if it was not that Qwerty keyboard I almost bought one) with a nice price tag (online) after some search.Hope this proves useful