Firstly, let me say that I moved onto this phone having never owned an android before, and upgrading from the Casio G'zOne Rock, which I absolutely loved, and have used for over 4 years.  I finally moved on because while it was very close to indestructible, it could not stand up to mischievous puppy teeth.This phone has to qualities that need rating, which is rare for a smart phone.  The hardware and the software.The hardware is top notch.  I took a plunge in the water, and was fine.  It has been hit with steam coming from a power plant's steam turbine, and has continued to function.  It's fallen 20 feet, and been fine.  It looks very tough, and it backs it up.The software seems to be what is doing me in, here.  I'm not going to complain about the OS, because I have literally nothing to compare it to, though it's a 3 year old OS, and one shouldn't purchase this phone thinking it's going to compete with a Sony Xperia Z1 or the Samsung Galaxy S [insert number here].  I'm sure it doesn't, but that wasn't a deal breaker for me.What is a HUGE problem for me is the sheer amount of bloatware that comes on this phone, and NONE of it is uninstallable unless you root the phone.  The G'z app is fine, and most people who get the phone will have no problem with it.  But it comes with Verizon Apps, Backup Assistant, Bing, Google Books, City ID, Clock Widget, Cloud background, Deep Sea background, Document Viewer, Gmail, Email, Emergency Alert, Gallery, Google Play Music, Growing Tree background, Guided Tours, Honeycomb Pattern Background, InnoPath ActiveCare, Mirage Background, Music (bringing it up to 2 music apps), My Verizon Mobile, News & Weather, NFL Mobile, Shock wave background, Shooting Star Background, Skype Mobile, Slacker, Social Beat, V Cast Media Manager, V Cast Music, V Cast Tones, Verizon Video, Videos, Nuance Voice Control, VPN Client, VZ Navigator, Waterproof background, Weather, and Youtube preinstalled.All 38 these preinstalled apps wind up eating up half of the internal storage, and you can't move them to an SD card, and you can't uninstall them.  If you let all of them update (which is an opt-out process), they wind up eating up a good chunk more of your phone's limited memory.So the hardware is great, but it comes pre-loaded with so much crap that it makes me long for my old dumb phone.