I bought this phone about a month ago and it is terrific (after seeing my phone, my wife immediately ditched her Blackberry and bought one for herself too).  Big, beautiful 4.3" screen that really has to be seen to be appreciated (video just looks fantastic).  However, the phone is so thin and light, that even with all that screen real estate it still fits easily in my jeans pocket.The Windows Phone operating system is also a real pleasure to use and super smooth and responsive.  The live tiles are cool, different, and actually deliver useful information.  The social network integration is really cool and allows you to interact with Facebbok, Linkedin, etc. all from one place.  Microsoft Office integration is slick and allows one to access documents from anywhere--desktop, to Skydrive, to phone, back to desktop.There are so many other things integrated into the phone, that I keep stumbling onto stuff I would normally expect to need an app for.  Voice commands are built in:  Want to text someone? Just tell the phone who, dictate the message, and then tell the phone to send it--done!  Looking for an Italian restaurant nearby? Just ask the phone to find you one. Want to launch an app?  Tell the phone to launch it and...wallah!  Not sure why there is some much hype about Siri on the iphone, because this phone seems to do everything it does and more (for some reason Siri can't launch apps).  Also, visual recognition (bar codes, etc.), audio recognition (who sings that song?) are integrated into the Bing search engine.Haven't tried the XBox integration yet, but we're getting the kids one for Christmas (yes, dear, it's for the kids...hah!), so that's next.It has an 8 megapixel camera and also a smaller front facing camera so you can make videocalls.  Skype isn't available yet on Windows Phone--although Microsoft owns it, so I'm not sure why--but there are other apps for that.  Battery life has been good--makes it through the whole day with plenty of juice to spare.Only knock I can really give the phone is the dearth of apps compared to Android and Apple; however, the Windows Phone has only been out for one year and already has about 40,000 apps in the marketplace and the number is growing rapidly.Bottom line:  You should try this phone!