Ok, to be fare this is not a bad Android device at all. As another reviewer posted, the display is a little less than the quality you would expect for a smartphone. Even my old Sidekick has a nicer display. That being said overall the phone is a nice package. The shape feels good while you are holding it and with the track-pad on the back you can manage it with one hand for most routine activities. The keyboard is good, but where the heck is the Tildie (~) character?!? It's almost impossible to compose an email address or web URL containing a Tildie on this phone! I had to SMS a message containing a Tildie for cutting and pasting into my address book.Update: I found-out how to get a Tildie. You have to activate the on-screen keyboard and navigate through that to get a Tildie. It's a pain in the backside but you can get the ~My comment about losing a star for being Android is just my way of venting frustration at the messy operating system and the -requirement- of adding a task killer just to get control over the power usage. There really needs to be a "exit" button incorporated into Android applications... especially when using a lower-powered CPU and a small device form-factor (small battery). AND the practice of the "builders" launching every kind of communications background process at start-up is just wasteful. Not to re-mention the Tildie issue.Update: If you root this phone, be very careful to save the file system including the sub-folder /system/etc/motorola/bp_nvm_default If you fail to do this and load a ROM that over-writes these files, you will have a working Android device but no access to cellular at all... no data and no voice.I'm sure there is a work-around out there somewhere but for now I have a $125 PDA that's not as useful as my Palm TX. Motorola seems to have gone a little out of the normal way making this phone difficult to work with. If you intend to use it as received, you will be happy... it's still a good phone even if it's unfriendly towards re-flashing.Motorola did a good job on this phone and while it's not replacing my Palm T|X anytime soon, I will be using it as my "other" portable brain.Update: I'm back to using my Sidekick LX (2009) while I figure out a resolution to my screwed-up Charm. Be careful if you intend to mess with Android, do your homework before diving into re-flashing and messing with the file system.