I had a samsung blackjack until they day i logged onto the cingular website and saw the blackberry 8800. Windows Mobile just reminded me of yet another reason why I had switched to a Mac five years ago! It was stupidly designed and left me frustrated with almost everything. for example, In order to quit an app, you need to open up the task manager and click "stop?" WHY??? You can't just simply ignore this because having too may applications opened will drain your scarce and precious battery life even more then it normally does. (When I walked into the cingular store to get rid of this daemon, they informed me that the newer blackjacks come with a bigger battery that makes the phone bigger...even with this option, it still wasn't enough for me to keep this phone.)In order for this phone to even remotely function for me on a day to day basis, I called cingular and they instructed me to log into this hidden menu where i had to turn off the 3G and use the EDGE network because the 3G is what drains the battery. (Ok?? so I chose this phone over all the others in that cingular store because of the supposed 'faster' internet browsing experience, but now I'm being instructed to TURN IT OFF???) Just a reminder: if you use the phone with the 3G turned on, It will not last more then 6 hours under normal use of internet, phone capabilities. (Also the 3G emits significantly larger amounts of radiation then edge network phones...just something to keep in mind....large amounts of radiation both next to my ear and brain, and in the palms of my hands scare me..)I usually love samsung products (their LCD tv i have is amazing...it made me opt for the samsung phone actually!), but this phone is lacking in all of the services that would make a phone "smart." HOW ABOUT A LARGE ENOUGH BATTERY SO I COULD USE THE PHONE? OR MAYBE APPS THAT QUIT THEMSELVES LIKE IN THE PALM OR EVERY OTHER PHONE THAT I KNOW OF. It just seems the designers of this "smart phone" were stupid...please take this into consideration before buying!!!