Please see my replies to comments from highflyer, R. L. Miller, and sunshine79.I received my first SGH-A777 phone in 2009-May, and it worked great for my use -- cell. phone with simple PDA functions, still/video camera, and audio recorder.  I don't have a data plan, so I can't attest to its utility for texting, navigating the web, GPS tracking, etc.After the flex cable broke in 2011-Dec, I ordered a replacement via Amazon.  I bought the unlocked phone from PLANETCELL.COM.BR for $46!  [See my Seller Feedback for price comparisons.]  The main PCB (with CPU and radio module) has the same revision code ("2008 08 27 Rev 0.5"), but the firmware was updated with a few more features.  I temporarily swapped out the main PCB to recover my data that can't be stored on the mini-SD card. (Sshhh!  Don't tell anyone I voided the warranty.)  I'll buy the $4 flex cable to fix the old one, so I'll have a back-up.Anyway, I do wish the phone could save copies of the Notes, Tasks, Events, and Alarms onto the mini-SD card.  Since they can only be stored in the phone's memory, the allocation is static and cannot be increased -- another shortcoming.  I also wish the Currency Converter allowed the conversion table coefficients to be imported and exported (up-to-date data from [...]).  It's good that it allows me to add currencies.  [Other phone vendors tend to allow only one converter coefficient, which must be manually entered each time the function is started.]  I wish the calculator allowed memory locations to store/recall computed values; it would be great to have more math, scientific, and programming functions.  It's good that it allows me to enter and edit the expression, and it supports precedence rules and parentheses.  The tip calculator should have the ability to compute each person's share of tax and tip based on their purchases, rather than split everything up evenly.  [What if I eat filet mignon with a nice cab, and my friend gets crab bisque with a CdQ?  OK, I'm daydreaming.]  I also want a Cut&Paste; feature, as that will work well for phone numbers and numeric data when dealing with messages, phone book, conversions, etc.  OMG, there should be an app. for that!P.S.:  Calendar Events and Tasks neither wake up the phone nor are tagged as Missed Events if, at the programmed Alarm date/time, the phone is off.  This also applies to Alarms, unless Auto Power-up is On -- that's a great feature if you turn off the phone to avoid distractions, but it can be embarassing if you're at 35,000 ft. and the phone is packed in your bag in the overhead bin.  In this configuration, the alarm wakes up the phone, regardless of Airplane Mode setting.  I pop out the battery pack to avoid surprises because the 25-button disabling sequence is a bit long, and later must be reversed to restore the normal operating state.  [SW version A777UCHI5, no shortcuts:  Open, Menu.Settings(9).SoundProfile(1).Silent(vSave), Phone(4).AirplaneMode(6).On(^SelBack*2), MyStuff(7).Tools(^^^Sel).Alarms(3).AutoPower-up(6).Off(vSelBack*4), Off(Press&HoldRedKey;), Close]