I had purchase this phone for usage on AT&T; after watching a video review detailing some of the features of the HTC Hero. I had recently lost my Samsung Blackjack II, and was in need of a new smartphone.PROS: Android operating system is fantastic, world's better than Windows Mobile is currently or may ever be. One thing that surprised me was that my contacts sync up with Facebook (and flicker if I had an account), something that only the Palm Pre is supposed to do. The new Sense feature is incredible, although I never owned an android phone before, so I really can't tell the difference. Apparantly it allows me to fully customize the screen anyway I want too, which is very nice so that the phone can be exactly how I want it, nothing more, nothing less.Predictive keyboard. The phone's QWERTY keyboard is on screen, and sports a nice predictive keyboard that learns what you want to say, to make texting or e-mailing that much easier.5 MP camera. The camera on this phone is the best I've seen, and working at a retail store, its equivalent to only one other phone that we carry.WiFi turned out to be a very nice feature because of a con you will read momentarily. You can connect to any wifi (as long as you have the security code for the blocked wifi centers) and use that as your phones internet, allowing you faster speeds than any cellphone carrier's 3G service.CONS: This phone was never slated to be available on any American phone network. While the Hero supports certain 3G bands worldwide, unfortunately it does not support the 3G band for AT&T.; The phone STILL WORKS with AT&T;, but you are stuck with Edge data service.No button keyboard. This may not matter as much as I originally thought it would. I always preferred actual buttons to touch screen but the predictive keyboard is a certainly nice feature that I may get used too.OTHER:At the time I purchased the phone, there is a weird bug that if you do not sign in or create a google account when you are doing the first time startup wizard, the phone will not let you set up the Google account unless you do a factory reset. I am sure Google and HTC are working on a fix for that, and its only a minor annoyance, thankfully I hadn't installed anything important before I came to that realization.OVERALL: This phone is something I would recommend to anyone willing to pay for it, as it is certainly the best phone I have ever owned.