My office issued me an iPhone, which I managed to drop and destroy the screen on within the first month. Being that my personal phone is an Android-based phone that I prefer over the iPhone anyway, I decided to the LG Shine for a sim-card swap rather than get the iPhone repaired.The LG Shine works very well. The call quality is just as good as any smartphone I've used. Its interface is fast and easy to use. Its network performance is terrific, and I'm getting coverage in areas that I can't manage to get signal on my smartphone.Just so it's clear: this phone does not have any email functionality, except for Yahoo Mail, AOL, AIM, Windows Live, AT&T; Yahoo, BellSouth, Comcast, Earthlink, Juno, MindSpring, and NetZero. These appear to be hard-coded into the Java Applet it uses for email, so don't plan on any mail functionality on the phone unless you have one of the above services (also note, that due to the phone's age, this functionality may no longer be supported by your email provider, either).Its reflective surface makes it very fingerprint-prone, and the number keys don't have a consistent level of lighting, but neither of these make it unusable. I found that the movement "stick" for moving around the interface takes a little bit of time to get used to. The ring volume is modest, but perfectly adequate for when I'm carrying the phone in my pants pocket. Despite this, the speakerphone is more than loud enough.The battery life is terrific. It can last over 48 hours under heavy use. I haven't had an opportunity to test its Bluetooth functionality, unfortunately.The phone I received has AT&T; branding, but it just so happened that my SIM card is for AT&T;, so all of the AT&T-specific; services work correctly.The phone is very similar in design and network compatibility as a phone I used when living in South Korea, and I have no doubt that I will be able to bring this phone with me and swap the SIM if I choose to return to South Korea. This comes as no surprise, being that LG is a Korean company.Amazon was responsible for the order, but Onewirelessking was the vendor/store that Amazon used.