This dual sim is an upgrade to its cousin the Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 Android Dual SIM Quadband Unlocked.Pros:- Dual sim works flawlessly. The Samsung software to manage the sim cards is very easy to master. By pulling down the top curtain you can easily switch which sim is the primarily and thereby choose which sim to call/text from. Also, from the sim setting you can quickly decide which sim should be used for data or turn off the data completely.- Excellent for frequent travelers that need to handle multiple sims cards without the burden of multiple phones. Also works well for those that want to separate work and private lines without having to carry two phones.- Android 2.3 Gingerbread (have not heard of any update to ICS 4.x)- Full functioning Google play market for apps.- SD slot that takes up to 32 gb (I am using it with 16gb)- Wifi and bluetooth 3.0- Very good battery life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use.Neutral:- Okay specs for a budget dual sim phone. It's single core and has 832MHz CPU; 512 MB System memory and 3.5MP Camera- 3.5" size screen (this the minimum I feel that any smart phone should have in order to browse and read easily).- Okay screen resolution 320 x 480 Pixels and 165 ppi pixel density. Screen is responsive to scrolling.- Good call quality.Cons:- No front-facing camera for video conferencing- No camera flash (but camera has Auto focus and Smile detection)- No support for Adobe Flash- No Mobile hotspotOverall, a decent mid-range dual sim android phone by a reputable company for under $250. There is a slight but useful upgrade to the Galaxy Y Duos mostly in the display. Whether this improvement is worth $100 extra over the SG Y Duos will depend on the value you place on having a slightly larger screen (3.15" vs 3.5") with better pixel density.NB:- I bought my phone here on Amazon for $232.99 from HassleFreeCell on August 27, 2012. I had no issues with my shopping experience.- Although the product description above lists 3G Network HSDPA as 850/1900, be aware that sellers get their phones from different markets. So check with your sellers before buying to avoid surprises.