Sometimes I think the cellular providers really have it in for those of us who don't want smartphones with all their bells and whistles, and are unleashing products like the Gusto 2 upon us in an attempt to irritate us into upgrading.I'm a longtime Verizon customer, happy with the coverage (I live in the sticks), and I have been using their LG flip phones for years with no problems. Recently the keypad on my LG Accolade started giving me trouble, and it was time for a new phone anyway, so off I went to the Verizon store. The sales rep took a look at my usage history, saw that I hardly used any minutes, and recommended switching to a prepaid plan to save money. Sounded fine to me. The current LG flip model, the Revere 2, was substantially more expensive than the Gusto 2, so I went with the latter. More fool me.The Gusto 2 is like your white-trash cousin: kinda big, kinda coarse, low-rent sense of aesthetics, and you kinda hope it's not around when your friends come to visit. It has a cheap, flimsy feel to it. It does not seem to close securely. The ringtones seem designed to be especially lame, and the low-res screen makes every text message look like something out of an old Mario Bros. game. Thanks to the protruding buttons on the side of the phone, I'm always accidentally turning on the camera or the speakerphone whenever I pick the phone up. Really, is there ANY excuse for this sort of shoddy design nowadays? No. There isn't.The one good thing about the Gusto 2 is the call quality: I've had no problems with that. And...that's it. I'll have that much good to say about this phone when I return it to the Verizon store.This phone feels like an afterthought on Samsung's part, as if they looked down their nose at those of us who don't want a smartphone and said, "Oh, you just want something *basic*, do you? How quaint. Well...we'll see what we can throw together" and then produced a phone that could have come from an arcade claw machine. A basic phone should be basic; it should not be insulting to the consumer.