Just one thing to clarify.  Unlike what the previous reviewer said.  There is 1 button voice mail retrieval with AT&T; wireless.  If took me quite a while to figure out... and for the life of me i don't think i could find it again.  Just ask a cs rep.Positives.-Nice Design, compact easy to carry.-Pleasing looks.-Attractive Display.-Nice standby time.-Sturdy design.  Feels solid.Negatives.-Slow button response and sometimes no response.-The end call button and back button are different buttons.  So when ending a call and then starting a new one or using a different function, you have to press 2 different buttons to get to the main menu.  With the slight delay in button response and sometimes the buttons don't click when you think they do, it means you have to be looking at the screen otherwise you'll end up in a completely wrong menu.  No easy navigation simply by getting used to the feel or buttons.-This leads into the next and most frustrating problem.  Glare.  The phone is impossible to see in any sort of overcast or bright situation.  And in Seattle, overcast is every day of the year.  I've put away my phone in disgust many times because i simply can not read who's calling or can't see who to call or what menu i'm on.  Even if you're covering the phone with one hand it's very hard to read.-This would be less stressful if it had a true speed dial.  But the only 1 button speed dial is to voicemail.  All other speed dials are 2 buttons.  And speed is definately not the key word.  Apon starting a speed dial... it takes almost 5 seconds to even start dialing.-A typical calling situation would be something like this.  Grab the phone press 2 buttons to unlock, 2 buttons to speed dial, wait 5 seconds for it to start dialing... wait a little more... look at my phone, cover my phone with other hand and look harder at my phone... realize I still haven't even dialed because one of the buttons didn't respond or it stored a random number before it locked, then get locked out again and start over.-Photo quality is weak.  Photos will look good on screen then look awful when sent.-Not enough memory and slow storage.  If you use the camera, you will constantly be deleting text messages, photos and sounds to make room.  And when you do take a picture... it will take 10-15 seconds to take the next picture.-Poor to average reception quality.  It's nice to carry an internal antenna phone, but not to talk on one.  Will commonly have 1 bar less than some other phones on same service.