I made the mistake of buying it directly from the ATT&T Wireless web site and my experience with them was horrible. I checked their web site for order status and was greeted with a message that said an email had been sent to me requesting additional information to process the order. The trouble was that no email had been sent!! Worse, when I tried to contact customer service by phone, the order status line was busy for hours at a time. When I finally got through, I was put on hold for over 20 minutes and then disconnected.....twice.I have never had these problems with Amazon. Or any problems.The phone, however, was delivered in an acceptable four days from the time I placed the order with ATT&T and I must say it was worth the aggravation.If you like the way it looks (and I do), you can't help but be impressed with the build quality of this phone. All first-rate materials, with aluminum cladding on the front bottom third, aluminum covering the back bottom two-thirds and aluminum on the sides. The balance is high-density black lustrous plastic. This is a solid phone.So how does it work? Very well. I live in New York City and I have used it all over town. I had it with me upstate and it worked fine by the side of a lake. No dropped calls. Anywhere. The sound quality emphasises the higher frequencies, which is good for these aging ears, but the sound is not quite as good as, say, the Motorola V60 which this phone has replaced.The features packed into this phone are extraordinary and it will double as a PDA. Entries can be made either directly or via infrared or bluetooth with your computer. The camera function is good for a spontaneous snapshot, but you won't want to use it for important pictures.Yes, the screen is a fingerprint magnet and the screen is washed out in bright sunlight. Shield it with your hand and you can see it. Before you buy it anywhere, check out the offers on the ATT&T website. The phone was offered at the same price as here, but with an instant rebate one one hundred fifty dollars, which meant I paid fifty dollars when I bought it directly from ATT&T. However, they offered me an extra one hundred anytime minutes a month for the life of the contract which works out to about two dollars a month for those extra one hundred anytime minutes over two years. IMHO, a better deal than getting the phone for free.