I've had the E63-2 (North American Version) for a few days now, and am really loving this phone so far.  It's my first Symbian (S60) phone, so I was a little hesitant about the learning curve.  And to be honest -- it's not anywhere near as intuitive as the iPhone or Android.  But if you're a little bit tech savvy, it won't be a problem at all.The phone feels great in hand.  I've held the E63's big brother, the E71, and I prefer this one better.  The rubberized plastic doesn't feel cheap at all, offers a superior grip, and maybe best of all, doesn't get all smudged up with fingerprints.  It's still relatively slim, though not as sleek as the E71.  But again, I prefer it -- it's just easier to hold.The QWERTY is nicely designed, and the keys feel great to push.  Numerically, the "0" is to the right of the "9" instead of underneath the "8," which is kind of jarring at first, but I got used to it.  Another design annoyance is the lack of a volume rocker on the side... you have to use the D-Pad, which means taking the phone away from your ear mid-conversation.  No dedicated camera button either, but that didn't bother me much at all -- you can take a picture in two button clicks away from the home screen.Voice quality is crystal-clear, rivaling any land-line I've ever used.  The ringer's nice and loud, though getting to the Sound settings themselves require a series of button pushes, instead of being "right there."The default mail client is decent, though I've run into some problems connecting to my ISP's POP3 mail server.  I downloaded Nokia's new mail client, which is a lot more graceful.There are lots of apps available on the internet for this operating system, but they're scattered all over the place and they're hard to find unless you really know what you're looking for.  However, that's going to change very soon, as Nokia's "Ovi Store" is set to open next month (May 2009).  Looks very promising -- and even appears to have the elusive S60 Facebook app that's been conspicuous in its absence.Anyway, great UNLOCKED smartphone for the price.  Might be lacking in some minor areas (no GPS, average camera quality, no volume rocker), but it makes up for it in others (WiFi, stable operating system, app store coming soon).Strong recommendation from me.