This is a great product. It is small, yet has a larger screen then expected. It has Motorola's imfamous Motoblur, which, may I say, is awesome, and it arrived so fast that Amazon said it hadn't even been shipped yet. Seriously. That happened. Lol! Battery life is great, and experiencing this phone is quite frankly amazing. It includes access to the Android Market, which has thousands of great apps (not redundant ones like Apple's Appstore has, with repeats of the same thing over and over, which is the reason they have millions of apps), and it has a brilliant screen even though the resolution isn't HD like Apple iPhone's "Retina" display. The three touch-sensitive buttons at the lower front of the phone are completely responsive, and it has a great 5MP camera for the average user. It also films digital video for those greater moments in life, and it has a great browser. This phone is upgradable to Google's Android 2.1 OS, which allows you other great new features. It has a GPS that I haven't been able to use yet, but I've heard that it works great. It came in great packaging that was so protective that you could've thrown it off of a 200ft cliff and it wouldn't have done one thing to the contents inside. The box contained in the packaging is small and doesn't impact the environment as much as other older designs, and it also has a unique form to it. The keyboard isn't nearly as bad as it's cracked up to be on YouTube, and it is also very large and special in design. The MicroSD card slot is very easy to operate with a small switch to prevent it from sliding out, and it is hassle-free. If you have $200, I would definitely get this phenominal phone. The only better ones that I can think about that are better then this, are the Droid series, but you will end up paying hundreds of dollars more for those than this bargain. So if you have the money, buy this Motorola MB300 Backflip 3G Android Phone with a 5MP camera, Wi-Fi, GPS Mavigator and Bluetooth. This is also the international version with the warranty, which makes this deal even better.