I've never had a fancy cellphone. I am 20 yrs old and most kids at my college carry iphones. I would LOVE one, but I simply cannot afford food, rent, tuition, books, school supplies, and a phone plan! This tracfone did a good job while it lasted.I have owned it for around 1 & 1/2 yrs, and just recently it really started falling apart. The charger slowly needed me to adjust the wiring for it to work, as the battery also began holding less of a charge. Anyway, yesterday the charger completely broke, and even after using the school Mac (I have an AWFUL HP laptop -- check out my review on it if you want to see a pathetic situation noting I can't afford a replacement) for two hours just to charge my phone...I kept my phone off afterward -- it had FOUR bars. I turned it on just now to see if I received any missed calls and I only have ONE bar. >:( I have an important phone call coming in tomorrow morning >:(Anyway, the phone worked pretty well so here are the CONS (Pros being that it is a cellphone -- nothing special although I appreciate the "mirror" on the front):*sometimes I would not receive calls/txts*many times I would receive things such as four new voice mail messages, only to find out they were from a couple weeks ago AND all four messages were copies of each other.*difficult to take photos of yourself*runs out of battery too quickly -- after a few months the battery needed frequent charging, even though I hardly ever used the phone (ex. maybe one text every day)*Easy to accidentally hit the web (aka TRACFONE [don't expect actual internet]) browser and lose minutes.The above are my only real complaints. Overall, I liked this phone for the time I had it.This is a TRACFONE which is aimed at the poor, elderly, non-tech saavy, and people who either don't use cellphones much, but want one or...criminals.Unfortunately I am a young girl using Tracfone, but if you are a young guy and stuck with one of Tracfone's behind-the-times phones, then my advice to you in looking cool and getting chicks is:Dress like a pimp, act like a pimp, and girls will think you are using tracfone "cuz u so gangsta and cool dealin them drugs for the thousandsa benjamins." You can even use a computer program to text yourself suspicious messages so you have proof of ur pimpin-lifestyle, and we ALL KNOW that most girls like bad boys!Anyways, I just ordered the newer tracfone, so Im pretty stoked.PS: The Tracfone company is AWESOME! i wish they offered fancier phones though, but ah well -- they are a great price and work! :)