I have tryed several brands from iPhone, Sony Experia, LG, Samsung (GS3) and HTC.This One X+ to update an HTC Desire HD. Previous to receive the One X+, I tried the Samsung GS3, which is an awesome mobile phone, but the user interface seems cheap against the sense interface in HTC phones. The only feature I would miss from the GS3 is the predicted text, quite honestly prediction text on the Samsung is amazing and I would say this is the only feature I think it beats the HTC, but if you buy or already have Swift key from the Android store you won't miss anything.I have two cell phone numbers with two different cell companies, because of work needs. On my other hand I have a One X. The sense interface from HTC is the best user friendly interface I have tried. No lag, awesome graphics, you can shoot real nice pictures, I love the keyboard and the best feature is the way you look for telephone numbers and names. Battery last longer than previous HTCs, I would say 1.7 times longer than the One X or Desire HD, at least 2.5 times longer than the GS3 and the iPhone.The One X+, has a clear full color HD screen great to surf the web for a while, watch videos or to play games like in a portable console (look for EA Dead Space, awesome graphics). The only think that you'll find out here is since games are high resources consumers phone's processor will make your phone feel the heat near the camera. So far these kinds of applications are the only ones making the processor heat up like that. I have made a couple of calls for nearly 60 minutes without having a heat up issue.I have seen some issues reported on the internet regarding this model. This phone come from the UK and has been unlocked to use with any carrier. I haven't had any issues regarding the no sim message. I can imagine that this could be due to some carriers OS distribution, it had happened to me with the One X that came from Vodafone Germany, unlocked also. I was experiencing some issues until the OS was updated by Vodafone.Audio quality seems great to me. I usually play non compressed music on other devices. I have Sony's Music Unlimited service which has a very nice quality audio files and you can play off line also. I have synch my phone with my car by Bluetooth to play music and answer phone calls. The car has factory built in Bluetooth to do both things, and I can tell you that music sounds better than a CD: Answering the phone from the car has a very good listening quality and I haven't had any complaints from the other side.I simply love this phone.