I was looking for a quad-band GSM phone that I could use anywhere in the world (OK, most places).  Though I was not particularly interested in the camera functionality, I chose this phone as it was the one which seemed to have the specs I needed.But within a short time, my perception of this phone degenerated into the realization that the actual usability and performance of this phone leaves a lot to be desired (and gives you repeated opportunities to improve your inner self by curbing your irritation at things that don't deliver as promised :-)  I have had this phone for about 6 months now and I will change it at the next opportunity.Ok, kidding aside, some of the many things  about this phone that don't work properly (design flaws) are -* Traversing the menu for even simple things is a pain.  Slow response.  Many levels - for even frequently used items.* Lack of basic call history information (if the same caller calls twice, their earlier call info. is overwritten!)* NO TOTALLY SILENT MODE - Cannot silence the low battery alarm (though it can function fine for another 24 hours without charging)* Cannot use the phone if the battery is discharged even when it is hooked to the charger.  Must wait several minutes before you can even switch it on and ~15 minutes to make a short call.* Side buttons constantly get pressed while inside trouser pcckets (and your hands - or anyone else's are no where near).* Side button functionality (such as changing Ring tone level) do not work as you would expect.* Speakerphone function seems great but you cannot switch on the Speakerphone until AFTER the call is connected - resulting in an awkward pause.I could go on.  Bottom line, this is a poorly designed phone (unreliable/bad personality) that is hoping to impress you by it's good looks and it's camera "feature".  I think you get the picture - at least the smart ones reading this!  Even the 4 and 5 star reviewers have mentioned numerous problems - they should really be at most 3 star reviews.AVOID - there are many other better options from other manufacturers.P.S.  Also, be WARNED about Cingular resellers - they will LIE outright to get your business.  And Cingular seems to not care very much.  The trend you support today becomes the norm tomorrow. Hope you choose wisely.