I shopped a long time for my next cell phone hoping to get a nice phone with a decent camera to snap impromptu pictures. After much research, I chose the Sony Ericsson T616 because of it's rich feature set (camera phone, bluetooth, infrared, mMode, joystick navigation) and teensy weensy size. I had seen the model in an AT&T Wireless store, but when it arrived from Amazon I was still surprised at just how small and compact the phone really is. I immediately started exploring the phone's features and was very impressed with the beautiful LCD, polished interface and nice features and games.Buzzkill time...when I was done playing with the non-phone features and started making calls I got complaints from the other end about poor voice quality. And that was when I actually had enough of a signal to make a call. I'm in the greater Boston area and was surprised by the lack of strong coverage. I would rarely have more than 2 out of 5 bars of signal strength any place I took this phone. Granted, this is a knock on AT&T and not the T616. Every time I looked at, and held, the phone I made up reasons to justify keeping it. Unfortunately, a nice phone with poor service is really a poor phone. The phone gets a 4 (a higher resolution camera might get it the 5th star) but the packaged AT&T service gets a 0 -- net rating: 2.I sent mine back today and got the LG VX6000 from Verizon. Verizon's coverage is nearly perfect and the features of this phone are attractive: full VGA resolution camera, flip design, and a nice LCD screen and operating software (but not quite as nice as the T616).POSITIVES:- very small size- great price from Amazon with free bluetooth headset- excellent connectivity with bluetooth, infrared or cable- convenient and intuitive joystick for navigation- great LCD screen (seemed to flicker a little bit though)- very nice looking and feeling operating software- java support- nice additional software and games- IMHO, quite a good looking designNEGATIVES:- very poor AT&T service- very poor AT&T service- very poor AT&T service- camera is low resolution and not very good (only 288 x 352 pixels)- almost too small for calling comfort- hard to keep clean- did I mention the very poor AT&T service?