Although I've an iPhone 3G I bought this telephone during a recent trip to Asia. I wanted to test Android.The experience was better than expected. First of all this phone has 2 to 3 times the battery life of my iPhone (for my type of use). I can start early in the morning and keep going all day without issues and if I stay out for dinner I still have juice left by midnight.Second it is faster than my iPhone. Less hesitant. The user interface is snappy.I was surprised also with the number of applications available in the store (almost all of them free). It is HUGE. I still have to find something that I've on the iPhone without an equivalent here (often the very same application)Radio: The telephone part is excellent. Much better than the iPhone. I do live in the bay area, working on one side of the bay, living on the opposite. With the iPhone I always lose the signal crossing the bridge during the handover between the two cells on the opposite sides of the bridge. Also I live on the hills. Strong signals but too many  cells and far from me. With the iPhone I can't walk around the house or I lose the signal due to the bad handover. The blackjack was even worse. This one is rock solid:Negatives:1) So far I didn't have any problem but it's pretty absurd to have the application loaded in the main flash memory that is indeed too small. I will soon run out of memory. This phone let you use SD cards (nice feature) but the apps must stay on the main flash limiting the # of applications installed. Hopefully it will be fixed in a SW release2) EDGE only in the US. This is because these phones weren't built for the US. When they will be distributed by AT&T; they will have it. This can be an advantage for travelers, when you go out of the country you have bigger 3G coverage since this phone is indeed an international 3G. So as a second phone for travelers it is fine3) Coolness. It is pricey even if you consider the absence of subsidy from the phone company but it look like a cheap phone. It is not cheaply built but the iPhone looks better in my opinion. Also, I don't like the banana shape and I don't know why they didn't make a flat phoneConclusions:A nice phone that I suggest to the power users. If your provider offer it definitely go for it, if you are a geek , buy it. It is easy to use, well thought out and the telephone parts is the best I ever tested in a smartphone, Android is great too. A winner. Even with the minor issues I still give 5 stars