I've been a Nokia fan for at least 15 years. My recent devices were N95 8GB (which was excellent), internet tablet N810 (pretty good for what it's for) and N97 (for about 1.5 years and it was a real disaster). I've been looking for new device since I've got N97 and I've been following all forums posts and every single review about N8 to find out if this phone is reliable enough (obviously no other phone competes with N8 specs except display resolution).I've got so fed up with inability of N97 to perform properly that I've decided to give N8 a shot.Day 1. WOW!!!- Excellent camera, picture shots and videos are superb- quality of HDMI connection via receiver to my plasma TV is perfect- bluetooth works normally in my car (no drop calls so far like with my N97)- bluetooth connection with laptop and sync works fine, however I am having a problem using N8 as a modem to get 3G internet (maybe it's because N8 is connected to WIFI at the same time). Wifi works very fast btw.- GPS and Nokia maps are great. First I don't have problems with audio output like I had in N97, second GPS itself is very precise, I don't need to use an external GPS like before.- call quality is great- reception is excellent, I have full bar inside the house (not like on N97), and I was really surprised when I went to my basement and my skype call over AT&T; 3G was not disconnected.- screen is very responsive (again comparing to N97).- battery life seems great- screen size and resolution is actually good enough for a cell phone.Few 'minor' issues (at least I was expecting that):- phone rebooted twice in a first day while connected to my laptop via USB and then bluetooth (I was using it as a modem)- few times some screen menus did not respond to tapping. for example I couldn't tap 'Next' in Photos, but could click on 'Back'. so maybe it's a software issue with those programs.Bigger problem I discovered later today that phone did not ring and couldn't make a call. maybe it's after numerous abuses of connecting to laptop, desktop, car, USB, bluetooth, etc.  I had to restart a phone in order to fix it.Overall, for those like me who hesitate to buy this phone I would advise to go for it and give it a try. There is a chance it will work properly:)I will update my review if I find anything new. I've seen numerous scary reviews and reports of phone dying in a first two weeks.Please, Nokia don't fail!!! I really like this phone and want to keep it!