UPDATE: Still working well and I ordered the data cable.  It was easy to configure using Ubuntu 12.04 using gnome-ppp.  I set the baud rate to 38K, the number to #777, did a dmesg to get the device name, chopped the FCLASS command off the init string.  Went outside, and started using sudo from the command line and - connected perfectly.  The data rate was a little less than 9600 baud as expected.  Still definitely better than no internet at all in an emergency or in the wilderness.I've only had mine a couple weeks but my initial impression is good.Be sure to check out the "Globalstar call times tool" on their website.  Their service has indeed improved from "horrendous" to "barely tolerable", a big improvement.  At one time the phone only worked a few minutes each hour.  Now across most of the US its more like 45 minutes or so with their recent launch of satellites by the Russians.When I first got the phone it was immediately a warm and fuzzy feeling of back to the stone-age.  Because it looks and works like a cell phone from 10 years ago.  That was kind of a disappointment because the user interface is so clunky and dated.Once you get past that and extend the giant antenna, it picks up a signal in a couple minutes (assuming its not too cloudy and you are in your calling time window and are standing in an open field with the antenna pointing straight up).That is when the phone really shines.  Crystal clear and NO LATENCY like a "normal" satellite phone.  The low earth orbit is the reason why.  With a regular satellite phone there is a huge delay and its more like a walkie talkie.  With globalstar the people I called thought I was on a regular cell phone.Other negatives are overpriced accessories like a spare battery or data cable.  Hopefully the Chinese will step up to the plate and make some cheap clones.A bit pricey if you count the price and one year at $39.95 I am into this about $900.  And expect them to raise the rate again in a year if they continue to launch satellites and improve the service.But I like to go backpacking in wilderness and its worth it for my piece of mind.Besides the clunky interface Globalstar is also a little stone-age.  I had to fax in a spreadsheet to activate the account, then pester the customer service email address to find out when it was active.  Sheesh you'd think if they could launch a satellite they could launch a few web pages and let you register online.You can tell if your dealer is a crook (like mine) because they never bother to mention that Globalstar only works some of the time.  Fortunately I already knew that.  Honest dealers are supposed to tell you in advance.But I'm giving it 4 stars for now because its working as well as expected.