A long-time Motorola phone user now converted. Not only is this phone lightweight and amazing looking, it's feature packed.Pros:- Crystal-clear calling. No static and loud when needed.- The screen is amazing. The resolution is awesome. By far the best I've ever seen on a phone this size.- This phone is tiny; in a good way. Super-slim and tucks nicely in your pocket. Being that it's a slider, you'll never have to worry about pocket-dialing. :)- The software is very easy to navigate. This is nicely improved over the Motorola interface of my older RAZR.- The MP3 player rocks; no pun intended. The Walkman software lets you sort by Artists, Albums, Tracks, Playlists and more. This is light-years ahead of the my old RAZR's MP3 player. This one rivals any standalone MP3 device I've used.- The stereo headphones that comes with it include a 3.5mm adapter. While the included headphones sound great, this adapter gives you the flexibility to use your Bose, Shure or other stereo headphones. A very nice option.- Carbon grey and anodized blue color is slick; nothing else like it. The back side of the phone, when in the up position, is where the anodized blue metal is. Amazon doesn't show a photo of it. It is stunning.- Unlike "some" other sliders, the camera is protected and kept under cover when the slide is closed. This works great in keeping dust off the lens.- The 2.0MP camera is actually pretty good. It takes great outdoor photos.- I LOVE the fitness/step counter. It measures distance in steps and calculated miles along with the calories you've burned. It also keeps a daily average and each days results.Cons:- No 3G- Sony Proprietary Memory Stick Micro M2 versus easy to find and less expensive MicroSD- No LED Flash or Photo LightIn conclusion, if you are looking for a super-slim phone with great call quality and superb music capability, look no further. This Sony wears the Walkman name with pride.UPDATE 9/27/07: I bought a SanDisk SDMSM2-4096-A11M 4GB Memory Stick Micro (M2) and it works perfectly. 4GB of music!!!