I lost my LG900G phone and I bought the Samsung T401G Refurbished model to replace it. This phone has been out about a year now and it got great reviews. I went with this phone as it has a larger keyboard and slides open for a horizontal view. The phone book has nice big characters so you shouldn't need your reading glasses as much as other phones.It does have Mobile Web so you can browse the web, but it is not as good as a Droid or iPhone. However, it rules when it comes to texting and is excellent as a regular phone.It took the customer service rep awhile to get my phone turned on and so I asked for her supervisor and we tracked down the problem to the serial number which I gave them off my cell phone label, when in fact, what they needed was the one that shows on the display in the settings function. After we got that cleared up, then the setup was easy. When I lost my old phone, I had about 300 minutes left on my prepaid Net10 service but only about 4-5 days left, so they were kind enough to give me my 300 minutes, but extend it for 60 days! SCORE!!!I don't use my cell phone too much, but I recommend that when you first buy this phone, get the $50 unlimited plan for the first month or the $25/750 minutes plan, so you can download apps, check out and test all the features, text all your friends and get your phone book setup and then after the first 30 days, if you are a low minutes user like me, you can switch to their plans that are as cheap as $30 for 60 days which equals $15/month which is the lowest monthly fee anywhere and there is ZERO JUNK FEES! If you are a heavy user, the $25/mo 750min is a great plan as well.But for me, I was mostly interested in the large QWERTY keyboard and the low monthly service fees. Oh, I just ordered an 8gb Class 10 microSD card for my phone from Amazon and ordered a headphone adapter to convert the 20pin interface to a standard 3.5mm adapter that takes all the standardized earbuds. I found the adapter for a couple bucks (free s/h) on the auction site. With this phone, it takes pics, video and plays music. I didn't really need the Class 10 speed for this phone, but I figured I could always use the card as an emergency backup card for my P&S; camera.Great phone, bargain refurb price, tons of features and cheapest monthly service fees... Total package!