I purchased this phone back in November of 2011, so now have lots of experience with it. I recently inadvertently washed the phone, so that killed it, and I ordered another to replace it.  Arrived in two days, was easy to transfer over my number/minutes/time.  Love it.  Best deal on a cell phone anywhere. Where else can you get a full year of cell phone service and the phone for $85 including shipping.  The 1200 minutes that came with it are more than enough for me for an entire year.I have also purchased one for another family member.  These were originally bought as an upgrade to another Tracfone model, so I called them and they transferred over the number, the minutes from the old phone, and I got the triple minutes added to it with no problem.  Actually the triple minute deal was the incentive to upgrade.  Very pleased with how the Customer service worked out, and pleased with the performance of the phone.  I have used it coast to coast in addition to my 'home' area and it has never failed to work well. The voice quality is excellent, loud compared to my old phone, which is a plus.Everyone should understand that every company now mostly uses Customer Service people from another country.  You have be understanding of the communication difficulties that exist.  They really do want to help you!The phone works great and the interfaces are clearly understandable.  I use it basically as a voice phone--I don't text much, but do I love being able to check my email/stock quotes/weather and only use a minute or two of airtime each time doing that.  This is a much better plan for a 'light' user than a contract phone.  Since the minutes rollover I have something like over 3000 minutes built up . .which means I could prob use it more and not worry about running out before my expiration date next year.  I can certainly see how it is that Consumer Reports has rated Tracfone as the #1 Company for quality/service among all the prepaid carriers.I downloaded the Opera 4.4 browser for the mobile web and it works flawlessly each time.  Much better than the mobile web browser that came with the phone.  The pre-loaded apps for calculator, music player, etc clearly are a notch above what I had been accustomed to with the old phone which was a Motorola flip phone.Even the little cell phone camera in it is ok . sufficient if you get in a bind, but of course no way comparable to the digital SLR that I normally use.  But who said it was that good anyway?I highly recommend this product to anyone who is not obsessed with using a contract phone plan!