Got mine in October '03. Loved the features. Great price with rebate.Pros:1) Full keyboard - aids text input and beats a regular number pad hands down.2) MP3 player - Can use MP3 files as ring tones, and just store songs on the memory card. Way cool.3) Speaker - good for speaker phone and listening to music if headphones aren't handy.4) Games - when you need to kill some time, the games are nice to have.5) Internet access - decent net access, didn't use it much, though.6) Menu - fairly intuitive and easy to use.7) FM radio - another way to pass the time enjoyably.8) Voice capture - good for making quick verbal notes.Cons:1) Non-backlit keypad - impossible to use when dialing at night, especially combined with...2) Small buttons - the dialing buttons should be larger. Easy to misdial, especially at night.3) Center 4-way menu button - had to press it more than once to scroll down the menus. Must be a bad contact under the button. Extremely aggravating.4) Poor speaker volume - even the shrillest ring tones don't penetrate a normal winter coat when I'm wearing it. Lost many calls that I never did with old phone. Hard to hear music with speaker through the normal din of all but the quietest areas.5) Lost audio on calls - Often, a call would ring in, I would see who it was on caller-id, but when I picked it up, I couldn't hear the other person. Called back the other person, who said I could be heard fine. Only happened on incoming calls.6) Poor earpiece design - the angle of the earpiece in the case makes it hard to position it flush against the ear opening. Poor volume means you have to cover the entire ear opening to get a clean sound.7) Proprietary SD memory - If you take out the battery, you can pop out the 64mb memory card, but the unit won't take inexpensive standard SD cards, like a 256mb or 512mb card. Why? Nokia requires a special thin SD card only they are selling. Bah!Conclusion: It's a nice toy and can waste away your idle hours with blissful fun. You could run a mini cable from the headphone jack to a set of powered computer speakers and have a nice MP3 system. But doesn't cut it as a phone. I need a superior phone, and the rest is icing on the cake. Thought I could have both with the 3300. Nope.I'm getting a Motorola V300. It's an outstanding phone. Tiny. Features-a-plenty, and the rebates cover the entire phone and even pay me $51 when bought through Amazon and T-Mobile.Avoid AT&T; Wireless! One month of calling on the 3300, no live customer service or email responses whatsoever. Shame on AT&T.;