I got this Phone as an upgrade to my current Cingular plan. Paid about 199$ for the upgrade through business plan. I wanted a Phone primarily that has some decent PDA functionality. THis phone did not disappoint at all. However, if you are looking for a high end PDA that works as a Phone then you might have to look at the HP,Palm or other Windows CE devices. But most of these devices i have tried were great PDAs but not as good with the Phone. (I thought PDA was added functionality , phase was the basic functionity maybe Palm and HP have forgotten that)Pros:1. Nokia software works fine and with ease. There had been reported problems with call logs vanishing etc ala Cingular firmware just cannot fault the phone for that though. I waited till the firmware fix came along and got the phone. All seems to be good now with the fix.2. Design has a business look. Donot fooled by the cheap display models some cingular dealers keep as that poorly made display model does not do justice to the great display(262k equivalent of Razr) and the stylish keys albeit a little small and gets some getting used to.3.Bluetooth connectivity was good and worked easily with IOgear Headset and my PC. Also worked without a hitch in connecting to my wifes Razr to transfer some contacts.4. Software, USB cable, Headset and 64MB card(not enough capacity) but comes as a package unlike Moto Razr that requires me to buy all of the above and the Razr i have does not have memory slot.5.Speakers are great and using speaker phone at home is equivalent of using headsets.6.Light sensing for control of display brightness is a nice touch.7. Symbian OS is fine but if you are a Palm or Blackberry fan it will take some time getting used to.Cons:1.Camera Cover feels like lower grade plastics and come off easily.2.Infrared is not available. Bluetooth works well but infrared is easier with some devices eg: Palm E3.Connectors are not standard i.e USB and Headset(Wired)4.Memory card could've have been Mini SD as Nokia promised to stick to MiniSD but uses Dual Voltage RSMMC. A little difficult to find.