LG/AT&T;  saw a niche (the U.S. Seniors Mkt) did some research and made a good 3G phone/2G EDIG) for us.  i.e., They accounted for high frequencies hearing loss by Seniors.  This phone has a capability to deal with it.  I have had the phone three weeks. Seems to have enough battery. Comes with a USB type a/c wall charger. Good phone sound and the text is easy to read.  I believe there is a capability to block selected unwanted incoming (phone numbers)  calls or messages.  Saw it someplace while tinkering with the phone just can't recall where its located. Well written manual (PDF) is available on line. Can't locate call block in there either.If you want you can set up voice commands to make the phone dial for you plus several other verbal command functions.  If your laying on the floor and can get the phone open you can tell it to call someone on your list of phone numbers.. and it will do it.  When your at Best Buy just tell them what you want the phone to do and they will set it up for you. Service is the one thing that Best Buy is better at then Amazon.  Something the bozo's that run Best Buy don't seem to understand.  The A340 has lots of alternative sounds, ring/vibration and other settings.  When the phone rings the screen on the front shows who's calling or what the text message says.  Just flip it open to talk or see the message on the larger screen.  Push a button and it switched to a loud speaker phone.This is not a $400 Apple. It's a free (sorta) phone from AT&T; via Best Buy and its loaded with capabilities that I have no use for.  I just handed over my 5-year old Nokia and Best Buy transferred all my phone numbers to the new phone and handed me the Nokia back. So I drove a nail through the Nokia sim chip and took the phone to the recycle center.  Best buy will also get you a new phone number or set-up an AT&T; account  if you want one.Bottom Line:  Most Seniors could care less about Facebook, maps and the mobile web. But it's all available in this phone for an extra $20 or so  per month.  Set it up and give it to Grandma. This one she should be able to use.