Received the phone on the 9th of Feb and within one day signs of the shutdown problem began to arise. Progressed to where phone would VERY frequently freeze and shutoff during any activity (launching/using apps, dialing numbers etc). Added annoyance was the fact that I have to wait a few minutes to switch it back on. Restoring factory setup and reinstalling firmware did nothing to help the problem.Repair through Nokia would require mailing the phone in (no charge) and approx 10 business day turnaround which I've read my not fully resolve the issue. The Nokia rep I spoke to said there is no option for local walk-in repair, phone must be mailed to the center in Texas. Yeaaaa no. Opted to get a replacement sent by Amazon and I'm hoping my phone doesn't completely die before the replacement arrives.Even with this inconvenience, the recent Symbian news (notice the price drop) and possible implications for software update time lines and new apps the news may have, I opted for a replacement and not a refund because:Compatibility with T-mobile and it's 3G network, while being unlocked, at the price bracketMy first smart/touch phone so I have no bias towards any particular OS or navigation layout. Also has the support the the apps I could see myself using.Sturdiness of the phone's construction (somewhat ironic). Seems solidly built when held.Camera and HDMI out. I've found that much situations arise when I need to record or take quality photos, with flash.*UPDATE*Replacement phone is functioning correctly.Phone home screens, icon order and hardware settings can be highly customized so any task can be completed with minimal inputs. E.g. one press launching of camera, voice recorder, live inbox status of multiple emails and social networks and a side-scrollable bar of key contacts.With the Situations app you can further customizes profiles allowing you to maximize battery life.Syncing files, messages and contacts with computer is swift and simple.Skype voicecalls workAdding words to the dictionary is problematic. Some words are retained, many words a person would commonly use aren't and there is erratic capitalization of added words. Greatly slows texting.Get the OtterBox case and you are set.