i have an iphone, an HTC hero from sprint, and I recently got this phone. I initially bought the iPhone to use as my work phone since my company uses AT&T.; I loved the iPhone as a gadget since I am always an apple fan. However, the device has lots of issues from a business user's perspective. My main complain was the flimsy alarms for meetings. There is no way you can customize the alert tones in that phone. HTC hero is a very new product that I use for my personal use from Sprint. I like the device but the bluetooth sucks on this device. I paired it with my car's hands free connection, and the hero stopped connecting to the car from the next use. I think Sprint needs a major bug fix on the bluetooth area of this device. With all said, the e63 keeps making me happy. i love the utility of this device. I do not have a data plan since my company uses text messages for paging since it is cheaper than blackberry service. This has not been an issue since I have wifi on this phone. The bluetooth stereo works seamlessly with my car. the call and signal quality is perfect. I can synch the phone with both my outlook at work and my music on iTunes on an iMac at home. it even transfers the new podcasts. I have a 2 GB card in this phone. This is more than enough for my use as I only have a hundred or so songs that i listen to. I listen to a lot of financial and news podcasts. To make things more sweeter, the music transfer is possible over bluetooth. Apple does not allow that even on their own iPhone from a mac. Don't get me wrong, I love the macs, but I think Apple does not know how to make a perfect phone yet. They still need to learn a lot from an experienced phone maker like Nokia. My specific unit was manufactured in Finland. Has an excellent workmanship on the product. The keys are smooth. Much better than the virtual keyboard that iPhone or the hero sports. The device has a substantial feeling as not too light and not too bulky.  Did I mention the FM radio and the nice web browser? well, buy one and enjoy if you are a serious business user who is not too crazy about a berry.