This is far and away the worst cell phone I've used. The keyboard is virtually impossible to read in most light conditions because it's silver AND reflective, with pale blue backlighting. It requires all manner of contortions to make keys visible. The keyboard is sluggish in responses, especially the space bar, and don't let your charger get too far away because battery life is the worst I've encountered. After a few months use, it's sometimes necessary to restart the phone to get the home menu and call buttons to respond. Indeed, the only thing worse than this phone is the Credo Mobile service through which I got it. When I complained and wanted to exchange it for something that worked, Credo offered six choices: a REFURBISHED LG Reflex like I had OR one of five smart phones, each of which requires unlimited data service and hundreds of dollars is extra yearly expenses. That's all we have in our inventory, Credo's rep explained. Fine, I responded, I'll just send these back, reactivate my old phones and then renew my contract when I can have a choice. No, no, said the rep. That contract is binding, no matter what you do about your phones; send back those phones and you'll have a 2-year contract and no new phone of any sort. After arguing with her and getting nowhere, I decided to fight another day ... and then got the same runaround when I called back. Then a friend telephoned to say they were going to switch to Credo as I had urged many friends. My response: DON'T DO IT. I had encouraged many friends to join Credo because they market themselves as the nation's only politically progressive (liberal) phone company -- good guys who donate 1 percent of revenues to liberal interest groups and causes. But that's just a cheap marketing ploy from what, in reality, is just another sleazy company. One percent? Peanuts compared to other corporations' giving programs. And Credo service costs more. Oh, and if Credo had offered a working phone to swap for the Reflex, there would have been a hefty restocking fee. So stay away from this phone and Credo Mobile. I apologized to the friends I'd urged to switch, and I tell the same any time cell services are mentioned. Credo's marketing ploy is a good one, but it's a ploy. Cheaper cell providers will enable folks to use those savings to make appreciably larger contributions to worthy causes -- and avoid disasters like the Rumor Reflex.