This Bold is the worst phone I've ever owned.  Blackberry continues to disappoint me, with horrible phone after horrible phone.  unfortunately my work uses Blackberry Enterprise server so it's my only choice.Problems:- People constantly say they can't hear me, weakest antenna I've ever used.  I give it a 0 out of 100.  Drops calls routinely.  Awful awful as a phone.- GPS antenna doesn't pick up a signal if it is cloudy.  Forget it if there are a few buildings around.  Works about 50% of the time.- Constant crashes, the Sprint store says ALL Blackberries crash ALL the time so it's "normal."  Get used to it, no replacement.  Sprint says you have to reboot most BBs at least once a day after taking the battery out for 1 minute.- Slows down to a crawl with moderate use.  I get a lot of email, this thing simply can't handle it.  It was reasonably fast for the first week of use.- Less than 8 solid business hours of battery life.- Vibration is too mild to feel, you can't use a gel case.- Hides voicemails for some random number of days, then pops up without explanation.- Keyboard is absolutely HORRENDOUS, every key is a different shape and it gives you zero feel for which key your finger is touching.  I can't imagine a worse keyboard if the sole objective was to play a joke on the customer.- The speakerphone is difficult to understand, less volume available that the previously garbled Curve.  Seems the fix was to make the Bold's max volume lower, like we couldn't do that ourselves.- The touchpad is too easy to press and is constantly selecting things unwantedly.  As bad as the old trackball was, when the trackball worked (rarely due to quality defects) it was better.- Web browser is awful, nearly useless for anything but basic google.- Profiles are unreliable.- Still no period (.) key.  You have to hit Alternate then M.  Unbelievable in a supposedly internet enabled device (silver lining:  it barely works to surf the internet, anyway).- Very slow wifi performance.- Antiquated menu system.  Was just ok when smart phones first came out, now it's hard to imagine how a major company could be so far behind.Good things:- The mp3 player has higher quality decoding than previous BBs.- Backlit keyboardAs a simple phone: 0 stars