This phone is listed as Android 4.1, and it shows "Android 4.1.1" in  the phone settings menu, but it is actually running Android 4.0. Not only does it lack the new features and look of 4.1, but rapidly tapping on the "Android 4.1.1" in the settings menu gets the Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0) easter egg.That point aside, the phone runs well and quickly. It functions well as a phone, good sound and good reception. It's better than other clones I've had, and right up with high quality name brand phones I've had. It runs android and its apps very well. It's snappy and responsive. The screen is very sensitive, right up with the best capacitive screens I've used. It's 5 point multi-touch, confirmed by hardware tests.The moldline of the phone isn't compatible with hard cases for the Samsung SIII, but some soft cases fit. I'm still looking for a case that fits and protects the screen with a flap. The placement of controls and camera match, but the shape of the case is a bit  different.Overall, I'm very happy with the phone.Edited to add:GPS has a very hard time getting a fix. I've gotten one good fix off it across all the attempts I've made. It pretty well requires absolute optimum conditions to get a signal, based on my use. It takes 1-3 minutes to get a location, with an open sky (not inside or partial cover) though near a building with a limited sky area works.Also, I confirmed that the Android build version on this phone is 15. That is Ice Cream Sandwich MR1 (4.0.3 or 4.0.4, NOT 4.1.1 which is build number 16.)Adding your own ringtone: by default you can only choose from the built-in ringtones by going into Settings, choosing Audio Profiles, choose the profile you want to edit (for example, General), then selecting Voice Call Ringtone. However, if you install another app that lets you set ringtones (I'm using the free version of ES File Explorer), when you select Voice Call Ringtone it will give you a dialog asking which app you want to use (Android System or any apps you have that set ringtones.) Choose the other app, then use it to navigate to where your MP3s or other sound files are, and you can then choose them as your ring tone. That will also add them to the list of ringtones under Android System.Gravity/Accelerometers: They work fine for me on this phone.SIM Card: It takes standard size SIM cards (it has two slots).Further Edit:I bought two more, they both came with Jelly Bean installed. Mine must have been an oddball or old stock.