I switched to this phone from the actual Samsung GS3 mini. While I liked the mini, the screen just wasn't big enough for me. So first, the great things about this phone:1. large screen2. great knockoff of the SG3!3. came with tons of extras - 2 batteries, 2 screen protectors, earphones, usb cable & us charger, flip case4. great user interface, very easy to manuever - unlike the SGS3 mini which has 50 million menues and I could never find what I was originally looking for5. super fast shipping, I ordered on sunday had it by tuesday! (also used 2 day shipping on it)6. I'm using this currently with a tmobile straighttalk sim so no 3G (only with att sim as it has 850mhz frequency not 1700 for tmobile) and was a bit harder to configure for the sim but will be changing to an att st sim when it comes in Friday!7. DUAL SIM - I'm not using both spots right now, but my husband & I get stationed in Europe, I probably will8. very nice screen - colors bright & crisp, has smooth touch and scrollingNow for the not so great parts... :(1. settings for base model comparable - no special fonts like real samsung models, no facebook pre-installed so when you install the app, your contacts won't link (if anyone has found a solution to this, PLEASE let me know!!! I miss my pics!!)2. Bit more work to get it configured for a tmobile straight talk sim3. Cannot get phone data to read mobile webpages - have to have it set on "Request Desktop Site" in browser settings other getting an error message for each page4. No custamizable display - you can change what apps are on the homescreens but can't change # of screens or design layouts - I'll be downloading free apps to change this though (hassle though since most other models already come with this feature)5. camera pics not of the best quality, front cam very grainy and discolored; back cam still kind of discolored & bit grainy; not exactly the pic quality I'm used to and I had an HTC Rhyme before so no big model name phoneOverall, a great phone for the price. Needs some extra tweaking by the user but kind of the same as buying a house that needs some tlc; just takes a little bit of extra time, research, and configuration for your tastes. If you don't mind having to do that, buy this phone. I'm much happier with the $180 price and needing to do some extra tweaking than paying $320 for the SGS3 mini ready out of the box (with a smaller screen and I'm not paying the $500-$600 for the actual SGS3!) I do wish the cams were better and it was easier to sync fb to my google contacts, but other than that, great phone for the price!