I really enjoy the features that this phone has and that I don't have to carry a phone and a PDA (like I used to) to get more connectivity than I used to.  I didn't get along with my phone for the first 2 weeks but now I understand it alot more and am able to get what I want off of it quickly.  The battery life is a major problem but one of the other reviews mentioned getting a larger battery.  I got this phone from sprint for about $250 after all the rebates and deals so I won't have a problem spending $70 for a better battery.PROS:-Looks awesome-Great Features (calendar, tasks, windows media/word/excel/ppt, opera browser, GPS)-Navigating around the different features is cool (but has a learning curve to it)-Lots of settings to personalize the device to your liking-Works with Rhapsody so you can download unlimited music to your device (legally with subscription)-Internet is lightening fast when even not on WI-FI (which is broadband capable)-Camera looks great and works well (again with a small learning curve)-Sound quality is ok (some cracks and pops sometimes)CONS:-Battery life short (I have to make sure I give it a mid-day charge-Some of calls to the device don't go through (I was standing right next to the guy who was calling me and his phone was ringing) (not sure what to think of this one because my last phone did that also just not as frequently)-The learning curveOVERALL:You are wondering, "should I buy this phone?"  I can only answer with another question...how logical are you at troubleshooting problems?  If you expect the phone to work out of the box, look for another phone but if you think you can do battle with some rather frustrating problems and win...this is the phone to get.  Most of what I learned about the phone came from the problems that I had because it is a very technical program.  As a phone, it functions well (with a few calls that just don't through but that could also be a result of a bad signal) and plays well with your contact list (which is also very detailed and cool).  As a PDA, it functions just as I would expect.  As a device, it behaves just like windows device so if you can accept the fact that it needs to be restarted for about 90% of the problems that arise you will never regret purchasing it.