First of all, I wanted to say that I've been a loyal Nokia user for many years and have bought so many different Nokia phones that I've lost count and I've always like every single one of them. However, it seems like they're falling behind, especially for the US market at least. That's why I started looking at other phones that suits my needs and then started using various phones with android OS.Ever since I saw this the N8 announced I was excited and looked forward to getting one. When it finally went on sale I bought a black one last year to replace my android phone (had a htc legend at the time).First impression was I absolutely loved this phone's feel and look and how simple everything was. Then after a couple of weeks, I got bored of this phone and its lack of usable apps.Things I liked about this phone- Feels and looks great, very solid phone- Has all the bands/frequencies to be used world wide- Awesome camera for a phone- Xenon flash, even tho I don't use it lol- Simple to use- Great battery life- Very nice screen and I like that pulsing light thing on the buttonThings I didn't like about this phone- Whenever I'm talking on the phone, sometimes the screen doesn't turn off and I guess somehow my cheeks touched the end button and disconnects the call. Happens quite often and was very annoying.- Picture taken from this camera looks great but once I upload it from phone to facebook, the quality was pretty crappy- Don't have Pandora- Lack of good apps- I won't always get my emails, will need to restart phone then start receiving emails again- Phone lags sometimes when going through menu or using one of their useless appsAnother thing I hated was that I spent $2.99 to buy the angry bird game and it didn't even have as many levels as the ones for android, which was FREE! That was quite disappointing. Not phone's fault, just symbian I guess.Ended up selling this phone and went back to android, got the galaxy s, which by the way has been one of the best phones I've ever used so far. Thought I give Nokia a try again but symbian just seems so behind. I'm not saying the N8 is a bad phone, it's just not for me. If this phone has android OS, it would be my perfect phone! This is kind of a short review, since I bought it and sold it over 9 or 10 months ago.