This is an update to the earlier review.  The product now ships with Anna and maybe Belle but is easily upgraded.  There is even some third-party upgrades that bring this phone into 2013.  I purchased it in April 2013 as a replacement to an earlier N8 that I had damaged.  BUT: I Originally ordered a Nokia 808.  It had a defective memory card-slot. I then ordered three N8s.  Two were defective in that the HDMI output didn't work, the third had a defective camera shutter button.  I ordered a fourth one from PUT Group after writing them to make sure they weren't a business operating under the same name as the other four companies.  Prompt response, helpful information and a promise that I could return it if there was a problem. This N8 is fine.  PUT Group is an excellent source to buy the phones.  The same cannot be said for XIV Wireless, My Wish-List and  Hassle-Free Cell.  I'm not complaining about their service.  They promptly refunded my purchase. Maybe I just got lucky with PUT but there seems to be some consistent issues with Nokia quality control so make sure you can return the phone if it fails to work.  And check out ALL the functions of the phone before ripping apart the packaging.  It's still a great phone but I'm totally disappointed with Nokia quality control or the way that some resellers are handling their products.First I must say this is a terrific phone.  Consider buying for all the reasons you've read.  But don't buy it until Nokia releases the Anna (and preferably the Belle) operating system update.  The current one is a bit buggy.  Much of the rest of the world has received the update but Nokia in their wisdom has not (as of September 20, 2011) released it for US versions.  There is even some suggestion that the US will not ever get the update since Nokia wants to push their upcoming Microsoft products.  Until Nokia releases Anna and Belle you should stay away from this phone.  For that matter you should consider their customer service attitude toward US customers when you considering buying any Nokia phone.  They just don't seem to care about their existing customers - at least those in North America.  Phone calls to their support and customer service result in evasion and disinformation about the upgrade.  They have lost the confidence of many of us Nokia users.