I bought the E71 to provide several functions:(a) international access to voice and Internet;(b) WiFi access; and(c) GPSThe voice, Internet and WiFi work fine. The GPS software, however, leaves much to be desired. See details below.Voice/Internet/WiFi work fine:-----------------------------The voice  worked fine with T-mobile and AT&T; in the US. The signal strength and voice quality are excellent. However, these companies either do not offer Internet access to prepaid customers, or if they do, their staff had no idea how to sell and use it. I used the E71  with O2 on a recent trip to the UK. The O2 staff, in contrast, were exceptionally knowledgeable and helpful in setting voice and Internet access in minutes; I paid 15GBP and had unlimited calls to the UK and US as well as Internet access which is where the money went.The WiFi access is terrific and I have used it heavily while travelingand at home to handle email and web access. The E71 discovers WiFi networks quickly and attaches to access points instantly.GPS Software Leaves Much To Be Desired---------------------------------------The GPS software is very unfriendly. I preloaded a map of London before traveling; when I arrived I found that only sections of the city werepreloaded while major other sections were missing; it was not clearhow to get the other sections, short of getting a map of the city andentering addresses in the missing parts. Then, when I tried to use thenavigation feature it got the route all right and the position of the car reasonably well, but, surprise, there were no voice instructions. I checked the manual and could not find how to get the voice to work. Fortunately, many other users that struggled with the problem posted solutions on the Internet. Do not expect the GPS to work like standard GPS. It does not provide visual directions for traveling; when it loses the satellitesyou may need to stop the car and push menus to get it to work again; etc etcThese are all results of poor software design...