After suffering for ten months with AT&T;'s lousy service and rude support staff, I terminated my contract early and jumped on the pre-paid bandwagon.  I was accustomed to having a feature-rich phone (an HTC Fuze with unlimited data) so I began preparing myself for the humble amenities of a no-contract plan.  Much to my surprise, I have found the LG Rumor2 is a quite capable phone.  The QWERTY keyboard is responsive, laid out very well, and easy to use.  If you're going to text often, this phone is built for the task.  Call quality is decent, though I've only tested it through the handset speaker and not on a headset.  I was even mildly impressed by the Rumor2's camera (1.3 megapixel) which took some e-mail quality shots.  LG has constructed a lightweight but sturdy phone which won't rip a hole in your pocket.Above all that, however, this phone has several applications which have impressive capabilities.  The built-in Opera Mini browser delivers a respectable mobile web browsing experience.  Despite the Rumor2's small screen, you can still see what you need to see on most websites.  Google Maps is also included and is highly functional on this unit.  There's even the option to purchase a GPS navigation program (runs $9.95 per month) that further expands its versatility.  Along with all those features, you can insert a microSD card and listen to mp3s with the Rumor's on-board media player.  If that's not enough functionality, the free Mail+IM app is incredibly useful for staying connected.  As a user who stubbornly clung to Windows Mobile for over three years, I'm quickly learning that you don't need a $600 SmartPhone and $40 data plan to communicate.Virgin Mobile's plans are highly configurable to whatever types of services you use most.  I'm getting a basic voice plan, 1000 messages, and a generous data bundle all for $40 per month.  I was paying $80 per month for similar services from AT&T; on my contract phone.My only real complaint is the small screen.  The Rumor2 has a sharp, bright display but there's just not enough of it.  That said, you'll have few problems texting, emailing, Facebooking, web-surfing, or playing games on the tiny LCD.  This phone really does everything you'd need a cell phone to do.