I'll point out the negatives first. This phone runs the Symbian OS, which Nokia is abandoning for Windows Phone 7 (and Meego, perhaps). Symbian is not nearly as intuitive as its competitors, which is unfortunate because it is just as technically capable if not more so. The system is riddled with inconsistencies and haphazard placement of options. App availability and ease of installation is seriously lacking (the Ovi store is garbage).That said, multitasking is far superior compared to other systems, especially considering the hardware resources available on the N8. This is a byproduct of Symbian's longevity in the market (which is also the source of aforementioned consistency issues). Updates to the OS will be coming this year, but don't expect too much. Another byproduct of Symbian and the hardware is ridiculous battery life, considering the camera, flash, and various network connections.Think desktop Linux vs. Windows 7 or Mac OSX and you'll have an idea.Summary:Not many "apps" available. (Face it, most of you just download games anyway. Perhaps their lack of availability here will be a positive influence on your life.)Amazing camera (12MP, fast, real xenon flash), incredible at this price point. This alone makes the N8 a serious competitor for the price.Great battery life.GPS, maps, and navigation without an Internet connection for free. No more Google Maps failures when you were relying on it (see this constantly among iPhone users).Pentaband, works on any 3G/GSM network in the entire world (since you're buying an unlocked phone, this is probably an important consideration).Extremely durable casing with a Corning glass scratch resistant screen. With a rubber case you literally cannot break it unless you drop it in water.The only smartphone available in many different colors. Can you think of another smartphone that is orange, cyan, or magenta? Some really won't care about this, but I love that fact that it is orange. It is definitely not just another black rectangular solid.Need a phone that works everywhere, takes great pictures, has excellent battery life, is invincible, and can navigate in most countries of the world without a connection? Don't care about "apps"?If you meet that description, this phone is absolutely your best option at the moment.On an unrelated note, this phone proves Nokia still makes some of the best hardware out there. Microsoft made an excellent decision paying them a billion dollars (really) to switch to their platform. Don't write off Windows Phone yet.