I got this phone after having an LG Optimus for one year. I was pleased with the performance of the LG and thought that it was great for my needs. However, I had a friend playing with his EVO and asked to play a little. The processor on the EVO is insane, the screen and display look amazing and the feel of the phone is great. The screen is an inch larger than the LG, but the phone itself is only 1/2 inch taller and less than 1/2 an inch wider than the LG, making it still easy to fit in a pocket. I have downloaded apps on both 3G and Wifi and can't believe how much faster it is than the LG. The battery life is pretty similar to the LG, it lasts from 0700 to about 1600, but I work in dungeon with no reception, so it's constantly draining looking for signal, common for any phone I have seen in this place. Extra batteries are cheap and easy to swap out.My wife just got an iphone 4s and I was thinking about one also, I'm glad I went with the EVO, bigger screen, SD card, seems more user friendly and I don't have to worry about Siri telling me that she can't answer my question and suggesting I Google it, if I wanted to Google it, I would have in the first place.The ability to add apps to have different launchers and themes gives the Android platform an edge over the iphone, IMO. The boasts of the Apple market having more apps means little to me, everything I can think of is available in some form on Android. Seems to me that there is quite a bit of duplication of many apps on both. Having the Adobe preloaded and not having to Root or Jailbreak my phone to have it is also an edge, one that my wife hates.I ordered the High-Quality SlimLine Tough Case in BLACK for the HTC EVO 4G Phone - Slim Design with Chrome Accents for my phone and it doesn't seem to add much bulk but is very sturdy.The only things I didn't care for were the original lock screen and HTC Sense due to lack of features, these were easy fixes with the download of 2 apps, (lockmenu and GO Launcher EX). This phone is far superior to many that I have seen available, I don't need 3D, and Swype works well on the larger keyboard so I don't long for a physical keyboard on the Shift, even without swype, the keyboard is just as good as the iphone. The speaker is loud and clear on both speakerphone and music, the camera is great and has many options for enhancement. The kickstand is a nice plus, but I have only watched one video, so it doesn't get much use.