Very fast network speeds of 7.2 Mps on AT&T; network ( (GSM/GPRS/EDGE): 850, 900, 1800, and 1900 MHzUMTS: 850, 900, 1900, and 2100 MHzHSPA+: 21 Mbit/s; HSUPA: 5.76 Mbit/s ). Very light device with excellent battery life and incredible screen resolution that exceeds HD. The AMOLED is stunningly vivid and bright yet can be lowered below system brightness ("Quicker" app) for e.g. Kindle reading in bed when all lights are off and partner wants to sleep.Samsung has released the source code and driver info so there is already a lot of support in the community in best Linux/Android fashion.This device here on Amazon.com is actually the same that is sold in Germany (this vendor ships batches to the US and replenishes the stock as needed, that's why there is sometimes an odd statement like "will ship in 2 days when available" next to the purchase button). We got ours shipped overnight for $3.99 - amazing.We just got 2 of these to replace our Dell Streaks and as much as I liked the Streak, it is refreshing to see that a smart phone does not have to be hacked in order to work as intended. No reboots, no battery issues. It is minimally wider compared to the Streak.When the Note is dropped the screen is much better protected due to the time-proven (and annoyingly iPhone3-ish) bevel mount. I've broken two Dell Streak screens (sic!) because of the "tension" screen mount that device had.You have to enter a new APN (access point) in the mobile settings to get access to the AT&T; data network:copy from thread at androidforums "galaxy-note-not-detecting-sim-card""Go to Settings --> Wireless and Network --> and Access Point Names. You might have to make a new apn. "Name: AT&T;APN: wap.cingularProxy: leave blankPort: leave blankUsername:WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COMPassword:CINGULAR1Server: leave blankMMSC:[...]MMS Proxy: wireless.cingular.comMMS Port: 80MCC:310MNC:410Authentication type: not setAPN Type: internet + mmsxxxxxxxxxNote that there are going to be several variants and this one here, N7000, is the most versatile ([...]):N7000 - The original version, with a dual-core 1.4GHz Cortex A9 processorN7003 - A lower-powered and cheaper version, with a single-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 8255T processorLTE version - with higher-speed communications ability, initially available only in South Korea, will only have the single-core processor; will have the NFC chip ("pay for stuff by waving your phone") - rumors exists that the N7000 can be equipped with the NFC chip on a battery later onWith regards to speeds, this 7000 here has HSPA+ and not LTE. Although LTE can be faster in theory, HSPA+ produce 5-20mbps and VZW LTE only around 5-25mbps. WiMax is somewhere in the same range. In my mind, it was not worth waiting for the Korean LTE version to arrive in the US for that reason.