UPDATE:I've had this phone for nearly a year now (a year exactly in 2 weeks, to be accurate). Now I'm saving up for another. Over the year apps have updated and become larger. With the phone's miniscule internal memory, and all the apps that can't be moved to the SD card, I have had to remove all the apps I want to use in order to make space for the apps I don't use but CAN'T remove (even with root). I'm struggling to keep the minimum amount of space available - once I get the "low space" warning, everything stops working - and every day one of the irremovable apps updates. I then have to uninstall the update, but I can't remove the app and can't stop it from updating so before long it updates itself again.Without being able to use any apps I want to use, the phone is little different from a dumbphome, and when that one app updates even grooveip won't work. So basically I end up using my computer to make calls and the phone has become a paperweight.If ALL you want to do is make regular phonecalls, it works for that. But $10 phones at walmart will do that too.ORIGINAL REVIEW:4 starsWhen I decided I wanted an Android phone that worked with T-Mobile prepaid, I thought I would have to spend about $400 on an unlocked phone. I was overjoyed to find this affordable T-Mobile prepaid phone! It runs all the apps I want to run. Barcode scanning apps, games, streaming video, streaming music, etc. all work great!Not only is it prepaid, thanks to the wifi and GrooVe IP, I am barely using any prepaid minutes! T-Mobile prepaid already had my phone bill at $15 per month, and this phone has taken it down to about $3.I do have two issues with this phone that stopped it from being 5 star. One is that the volume buttons only work at certain times - I can't just press them while on the homescreen to turn sounds up and down - and getting to the software volume controls is cumbersome. This may be a flaw of Android and not the phone, though. I have a tablet with an older version of Android, and the volume buttons work any time, so I'm not sure. The other issue is that if the screen is on while I'm in a call, my face presses buttons. However, that is easily solved by using speaker phone, and I prefer to use that anyway.These issues are minor, and the great price of this phone added to the fact that it is Android and has wifi makes it totally worth dealing with those minor annoyances.