i had the nokia 5800 before i bought the nokia n8. i would say the nokia n8 is an improved version of the nokia n8. slightly larger screen, capacitive instead of resistive, better cpu and a much better camera.the capacitive screen is a great improvement over the resistive screen of the 5800. the amoled screen is also much better and i love it. looks decent enough in sunlight though not direct sunlight. great responsiveness though the OS itself can lag on occasion. nothing serious.the keyboard is terrible. doesnt allow multiple fingers touching at the same time so that if you press "e" and while pressing "e" you press "f" and then let go, only the "e" appears on screen so you must type each letter with one touch and one touch only. a drag. still, responsiveness of touchscreen and predictive T9 can be a nice enough substitute. also no portrait qwerty keyboard yet.music is much like on the 5800, which in my opinion, lacks. looks nicer but still in essence the same as the 5800.video is very good. you can play most formats up to 720p resolution but some h.264 files do not play. this was somewhat a disappointment. you can convert the files but one of the reasons i wanted this device over the 5800 is that i would not have to convert anymore. still, most files do play and very nicely. also the HDMI 720p output is very nice and is also one of the reasons this device stands out (though output is for video and images only i think). a playlist for video files would have been a nice feature that is missing.call quality is nokia's standard, which is very good. SMS looks good though again, the lousy on screen keyboard tarnishes the experience.battery life: i do not use 3G. just wifi. the battery lasts a day with some inet surfing and light gaming. i am mostly pleased with battery though it is a shame it is not user replaceable. a minor thing.apps: not what i got the nokia 8 for but still, i went to the ovi store and downloaded quite a few apps. some games (angry birds and fruit ninja and some other games) and some apps (flashlight and eggtimer for example). ovi store not near the apple or android store but was good enough for my wants.overall, i am pleased with this purchase. the value for money quotient is very high for this device and i am loving it and hope it gets even better in future software updates.