I am writing this review because I do not want anyone else to have the same experience I am having with the T-Mobile Comet.Since the first week of January I have been trying to get a replacement battery for the Comet (Bought 11/10/2010)  The original battery has to be recharged about every two hours.  Much more seriously, when I have a long phone call (ten minutes or more) the phone gets so hot that I have to hold it away from my ear.  I have no landline to use instead.When I called in the first week of January, I informed T-Mobile of the problems, especially my worry about the heating up.  The customer service rep agreed that I needed a replacement battery and one would be sent right away.  The battery never came.I called again.  I was told that they didn't have any batteries in stock, and they told me to go to a local store, get one there and that the cost would be credited to my account.  I went to the T-Mobile store on Feb. 9th, only to be told that the Customer Service  Rep didn't know what he what talking about -- the stores don't have batteries.  From the store I called T-Mobile tech support.  Joe, in tech support promised me that he would order one as soon as we got off the phone.  On Feb 10th I got a text message that the equipt. order was being processed, that I would get the battery in 3 business days, and I would get an E-Mail with a tracking number when it shipped. Guess what, folks -- no E-Mail, no battery....Last Thursday (the 24th)  I called again.  I was told that the order had been placed by Joe, and they had "no idea" why the battery hadn't been sent. They put in a new "rush" order, promising to get the battery to me by today, Wednesday, priority shipping at their expense. On the 26th I got that same text message saying that the order was being processed, and that I would get an E-Mail, etc. Well, guess what -- no E-Mail; so, the only thing I can believe is that, once again, T-Mobile is not sending me a battery. Clearly there is something very wrong with this battery/phone. T-Mobile's failure to correct the problem after repeated requests from me leads me to believe they simply don't care.  I am beginning to wonder -- is there something wrong with the Comet itself and T-Mobile is stalling me? The bottom line is that I would discourage anyone from buying the Comet based upon my experience.