I wanted to "upgrade" from my old N95 (had it 2 or 3 years)and get a phone with full qwerty keyboard. Using Nokia's "Switch" utility, all my contacts were transfered to my new E63 within minutes... It was effortless... Thank you Nokia!TV SCREEN: The E63 screen is brighter, wider and better proportioned than the N95. Great for watching TV - yes, there's a $15 TV application that gives you CNN and about 100 other channels - Google "Spb TV"SPEED: It's much faster and more streamlined than the N95 - maybe the E63 has a faster processor?FAST CAMERA: REALLY FAST! It boots up in about one second so it's much easier to point and shoot than the N95. 2.0 Megapixels isn't a problem - I prefer the lower resolution because it's much easier to email and share the pics on the net.PRIUS BLUETOOTH INTEGRATION: Bluetooth transfered ALL my 170 contacts to the Toyota's Address Book in one shot. The N95 couldn't do that!INTERNET MODEM: Works flawlessly... Nokia PC Suite allows me to connect my notebook to the internet anytime by just plugging the phone into its USB port and clicking a button. T-Mobile gives me unlimited access to the Internet for just $20/month.BATTERY: E63's battery is huge - about twice the size of the N95's - without making the phone more bulky - amazing. The E63 easily lasts far longer than the N95 without re-charging.VOLUME CONTROL: There's no physical volume control buttons on the E63. Instead, you use the central cursor control (during a call) and it works just fine. Honestly, who actually alters the volume of each call? I set the volume once and it normally stays at that level for all my calls - I don't miss having a separate volume control. Good job NOKIA!GMAIL: Nokia's combined email/message application works better than Google's own separate Gmail application. Setup was easy and Nokia integrates a Gmail inbox alert into the phone's main screen.BLUETOOTH TIP: Quickly turn on/off Bluetooth by pressing and holding the asterisk key * for a couple of seconds (from the main screen). Great for when you're in the car with passengers but don't want them listening to your "hands free" conversations.PRICE: You just can't beat it - there's NOTHING that comes close. You'll also need to order a Nokia USB cable (about $2 on Amazon) and why not treat yourself to an 8GB Micro SDHC card? (about $20).NOKIA E63 ROCKS!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!!!!!!!