I bought this on a whim after falling into the Google ecosystem a couple of years ago. The big screen Android phone seduced me with their svelte bodes and sexy black attire. After the solid functionality of my E71 and the propaganda of review writers, I succumbed. At first it was great, all the attention of constantly updating apps and the constant feed of all my Google data.Then sometimes, I remembered my first love, Symbian S60. Sturdy and uncomplicated, yet the quality was there, the smooth lines, the quick efficiency, and always there at the end of long day not being power hungry. The deceptively simple interface that allowed me to work quicker and still be entertained when I needed to unwind.More and more each month I missed only having to download an app once and have it become an integral part of my phone, instead of the needy whining of the android apps, update me update me.So when I saw this this Belle beauty calling out to me, and at a price I could justify, I relented.Ah the gorgeous  build of her body, the fast smooth exuberance of the operating system, I felt connected again in every way possible (except LTE).She responded to every touch smoothly almost too eager to take me where I wanted to go, Internet bam, mail scrolling in the widjet. She sounded loud and clear in every situation, always appropriate for the setting, her profiles at the touch of a button.Never asking where I'd been or what I've been up to, just taking care of my needs in a simple yet intelligent way.My (Symbian) Belle was back with a vengeance vieing for my affections.If you can find a newer Sybian Belle phone I highly recommend it. From what I've seen this puts android to shame. If your into cool factor, or can't really learn to use a smartphone for anything other than Facebook stay away! If you want a true pocket business computer that let's you play hi-fi music, any video format and a great camera, HDMI out with Dolby Surround ...Although the N8 is great, The Pureview 808 is looking good, a little thick perhaps but.. I now know  I'm sticking with Belle as long as I can!Nokia 808 PureView Unlocked Phone with a 41 MP Camera with Carl Zeiss Optics--U.S. Warranty (White)