I loved my Droid 2, except for the camera. When I was able to, I upgraded to a Droid 3, hoping for everything that I loved but with an 8 MP camera instead of a 5.The camera improved, but pictures with flash are still pretty bad.  (My camera and an iphone taking the same photo- iphone will have VASTLY better photos.)The things that drives me crazy is the GPS. It rarely works - maybe 10-15% of the time that I want to use my GPS.  However, most of the time it just says that it's searching for GPS for turn-by-turn directions. However, it's somehow able to locate where I am and give me written directions. I've done everything I can think of and searched the web for fixes, but to no avail. Verizon sent me a new one, with the same problems.The other problem is the keyboard. The Droid 2/3/4 are the only verizon smartphones with slideout keyboard and I can't stand touch screen typing.  Droid 2 worked great, but Droid 3 has keys that are constantly sticking. I thought maybe it was just my first Droid 3, but the replacement Verizon sent has the same problem. Some keys I have to hit either super hard or 3-4 times to register. It's not consistent so sometimes I hit a key and it works first try and other times it takes 3-4 attempts. End result is that typing can take a LONG time.I also have the bugs others have mentioned where it will randomly restart or freeze on me.  However, those are usually fixed pretty easily and quickly, unlike the keyboard and GPS issues that are ongoing.I don't know what to do and I'm not eligible for an upgrade for almost another year. I gave my Droid 2 to a friend or I'd be tempted to throw this one away and go back to the Droid 2.  My boyfriend recently got the Droid 4 and the issues I don't like with the 3 seem to be fixed. It's weird because the Droid 2 worked great.  My guess is that they tried to do some cost-saving measures with the 3, realized they didn't meet ANY quality standards and then fixed them with Droid 4.  However, those of us who "upgraded" are stuck with the junk we have.