Others have ably covered the phone's technical specs. This review will be from a practical standpoint from a user who's not super-techy.  Coming from a "stupidphone", I wanted a device that would consolidate many of the gadgets I like to carry around: phone, digital camera, GPS, PDA, MP3 player. I did *not* want to sign up for a monthly service plan (currently using T-Mobile pay as you go, plus their Web Day Pass for data). I wanted a pocketworthy phone that wasn't too bulky. After much research I settled on the Galaxy S2.This phone fits the bill perfectly. It is a pleasure to use, sturdily built yet thin and light, with a bright, vivid display. It is intuitive, fast and responsive, with apps loading quickly and no frustrating delays. The camera, an important point to me, is 8 MP. The picture quality is quite decent for a point-and-shoot, rivaling in sharpness photos from my 10 MP Canon Powershot.I purchased this from FGS Trading, fulfilled by Amazon. The phone I received was a French version. Don't be alarmed when you see a European plug on the charger - the US adaptor is included. You can Google up an English version quick start guide and manual. One of the first options after initially turning on the phone will allow you to change the language to English.Two problems I initially had: 1) the wi-fi connection would drop periodically;  2) there was no way to disable the camera's shutter-click sound, even when the phone itself was in silent mode.These problems were solved after 1) upgrading the phone's firmware to Gingerbread XWKDD 2.3.3;  and 2) rooting the phone and renaming the shutter-click sound file.I was hesitant to root my shiny and expensive new phone, but the camera sound annoyed me so much I decided to go for it. There are detailed instructions available on the internet. It was not difficult but it took a while, mainly due to the Samsung Kies software taking forever to install on my PC.  Also, before rooting the phone I read that you must update the firmware to XWKDD. This step wipes your downloaded apps, phone contacts, and all the customizing you have lovingly done so far.  But after the phone is updated and rooted - sweet success!  Silent camera!One downside is battery life. All this awesomeness requires battery power, and I'm finding, with moderate to heavy use, this phone needs to charge daily.All in all I'm very satisfied with this phone, which is high praise considering its hefty price tag.