9/8-update: I received 3rd (reconditioned) phone with a T-mobile sim card.  The sim card was the problem all along.  I suggest that if you buy this phone try to find a store in your area that sells it, this will prevent having the wrong sim card for your area.  Tracfone had this phone on their website for sell in my zipcode, but apparently it was not loaded with the correct sim card for the T-mobile tower in my area, it took countless techs at Tracfone to figure this out.  My phone is working great now!  But I strongly suggest that you buy NEW vs reconditioned and buy the phone in your local area.8/20-update: I just received the s390g replacement phone and I called customer service to activate it, the rep could not activate the phone and passed me to the supervisor, she said it needed to be replaced!! I was also told by the rep that the browser (data)  will not work in my area code.  I purchased this on Tracfones website and entered my zip code and this phone came up in a list of phones that would work in my area.  To make a long story short, Tracfone is sending me another s390g, the rep guaranteed the next phone would work and she said that I will get extra minutes for my trouble.  I will update.8/14-update:  sorry to say the browser on my phone is not working.  I called tracfone customer service, they are sending me a new phone at no charge. I will keep you updated.  I still really like the phone!  It was a refurbished phone so hopefully the browser on the new phone will work.Tracfone has a online special, you get the reconditioned phone with a 60 minute card (it triples) and free FedEx overnight shipping all for only 19.99!  I received the phone this morning, I called to activate, it is all automated now so you don't have to speak to a rep.  I had my current tracfone number, minutes and service days all transfered within 15 minutes! I think the s390g feels and looks expensive, it has alot of features I have never used before on a phone so it will take me awhile to learn it all.  Very happy so far!!