I purchased this phone from Amazon about 8 months ago.So far, I am really happy with this phone.  It works well with ATT 3G internet.  The browser is acceptable and there are 3rd party free browsers such as opera and skyfire that work well on some websites.  The ovi applications store has a few applications worth mentioning (apart from all the crap) one of which is nimbuzz, an application that allows voip calls using skype. (whether AT&T; would find that objectionable or not is a separate matter.)The phone is really sturdy.  It has seen much abuse at the hands of my kids but has never given me any trouble.  I think its drool-proof and handles drops of up to 4 feet to concrete rather well ;).The phone can find Wireless signals as well as any laptop computer and I have never had trouble with it.  However the Wlan offerred by optimum in some metro areas does not seem to work on this phone.  I suspect that is because of the limited capabilities of the browser.One drawback with the phone is its inability to switch off radio like an iphone or BB.  I would like to have that option especially when you are roaming. However the phone does have an option to ask for permission to connect to an access point, which allows users to select between using a 3g connection or a Wlan.  This is a little cumbersome however.Although this phone does not have integrated GPS, the AGPS functionality seems to work with google maps.  Nokia Maps is horrible to navigate, but I am sure if you are stuck without data somewhere you will find a way to use it under desparate cicumstances.  (you have to download nokia maps)Mail applications work well and the mail application is able to display most content using the html browser.  IMO the phone is better than BB or iphone as it comes preinstalled with quick office applications and can also display pdf files.  However the ability to select text and copy/past text is minimal at best.  Outlook can synchronize with the calender on this phone using nokia pc suite.All-in-all, minor annoyances aside and the fact that you are not paying for an Iphone, this is a great phone.  The sound quality is much better than iphone for one.