ATTENTION THIS PHONE WILL NOT WORK ON ANY USA CARRIERS 3G/4G!!!!GSM EDGE ONLY!Okay...with that out of the way...The only people who should be considering this phone are...1. Those who ARE or are looking to get OUT OF,  $80 a month 2 year contracts.2. Those tired of the "Is that a mini tablet in your pocket or  are you just happy to see me" syndrome.3. Those tired of said mini tablet going flaccid at most inopportune  times do to "awesome 10 hour!" battery life...(but its got a 4.5"  screen!!)4. Those honestly over the whole can't live with out 3G!!  smartphone fad. BUT would still like to keep a phone with  Smartphone Android capabilities.The L3 is LG's smallest of the "L" series (L for luxury...lol)Phones, with the larger L5 and the mini tablet L7.This phone is compact but not tiny, wide and slightly thickerthan todays slate like phones (The Moto Triumph for example)It feels good in the hand unless you have the hands of a 10year old.Running Gingerbread 2.3 + a Qualcom snapdragon, modestlyclocked at 800mghz and 157mb of system RAM, it's not going to"hang with your buddies dual core Droidz XXX" but for whatit is...it's pretty snappy, smooth and responsive.This is not a phone to load up with fluff, the core neededapps are there, so only the essentials should be installed.Reception is great (from 1 to 5 a 4) the rest of the radiosfare even better, the wifi radio is strong and snappy evencapped at 3.5mb, The GPS is also reliable even on edge.Speaking of EDGE (the phone's only service availablein the USA).In my experience I've found that GREAT edge service,(3 bars +) is better/faster than poor 3G (2 bars -).So far I have 24 apps installed and 34mb free of system RAMBUT I'M ROOTED allowing me to move near all apps to theinternal 1GB ram that the phone treats more like an externalSD card. (this is an odd but cool feature)Call quality is average, I've been told I sound loud and clear.Thought on your end callers tend to soundloud but somewhat "plasticky" as if they were speakingthrough a plastic sheet...weird. This may be due tothe loudspeaker sharing real estate with the receiver.Headphones sound pretty good thought I'm no audiophile.The BEATS driver can be installed for ever so slightlyimproved headphone sound quality. (do so at your own risk,but not before BACK UP!)CONCLUSIONI could go on but it's getting long.It's a compact handsome phone, with fantastic batterylife (3 days heavy use/4 days moderate/reports of 5 to7 days standby)LG's own tweaked Gingerbread is pretty nifty, with a fewtouches of ICS and a clever app manager.Is it perfect? nah...Sometimes sound settings revert to stock.The phone could have used a light rubberized coating tothe batt cover (it is textured) as it sometimes feelsa bit slick.LAST WORDThis phone uses a QVGA display (125dpi 3.2" screen) this isconsidered laughable by smartphone standards as manyfeature phones still use this for displays.But PINCH ZOOM/PAN works wonders...lolCamera is decent outdoors, useless indoors in low light.