I've had a virgin mobile phone for a while and decided it was time to upgrade. I like that there's no contract and you can basically customize your plan (data, text, calling...). lovin the full keyboard and bright screen, though it's a bit small i guess, and the buttons make a lot of noise but they're nice and easy to push so you only get the one you want. The camera is great and there's lots of fun effects with it, plus it zooms when it's on medium or low quality, but not 1.3 mp. too bad no movies. I haven't tried the mp3 player yet b/c I don't have a microSD card, but I'm planning on getting one. There's a few fun apps and free game trials, though way less than bigger phone co's. The best thing is you can check your email for free (but you have to pay for a text to open one or send one unless you have a texting plan which I might try out) The phone is nicely sized and has a sleek black rounded look as you can see in the pic. The sides are shiny metal, which is pretty. The battery life is good.I actually ordered the phone off of the virgin mobile website and when I got it everything seemed fine except there was a problem with the start-up sound turning off. It's a very annoying sound. No one else on any review board seemed to have the problem, so I emailed the vm customer service and after a bit of arguing they sent a new one right on my way. I didn't even have to call them, but just sent the old one back in the pre-paid envelope they sent me. The next one I got doesn't have the problem and has been working great. So, just in case yours does have a problem, you have the 1 year warranty to fall back on, and the customer service is good.I've never had a problem activating a phone online with them, though some people say they have.If you like VM, or just want to try out their cheap plans, buy this phone. The other one they have with a full keyboard got bad reviews on some sites so this one is the obvious choice.P.S. ENTER THIS CODE AT ACTIVATION AND YOU AND I WILL BOTH GET 60 FREE MINUTES!: Ts7VsTLMTHANKS!