The phone was delivered on time and in mint condition. It came in the manufacturer packaging with an European charger with US adapter, headphones, and user manual . I popped my T-mobile SIM card in and followed the start up instructions and I was ready to go. The phone is just the right size, not too small so the playing videos and browsing the web is okay but it's not too large for my small hands.The cons:The screen quality is not great at all. Pixels are HUGE in comparison to other smartphones other there. One of the worst in my opinion but then again it is a low-mid range phone. It is NOWHERE near the iPhone, Nokia Lumia 920 or Samsung Note 2 counterparts.The version OS installed was the glitchy version of the ice cream sandwich so the phone acted lagged straight out the box but that was easily fix by updated the android software. Once I did that the phone was a breeze. No gyroscope so the motion and direction sensing is not as crisp as phones with one embedded. Don't be deterred though because that tech is usually found in the more pricey phones. So If you want that, you need to cough up more money.The camera... sigh... the screen is so bad that the pics look like they were taken with a VGA camera. but basically its the same camera that is found on the iPhone 4. If the screen was better the pics would look better.Its a single core processor so its freezes up and moves glitchy if you are running multiple apps.The ProsAfter the software upgrade the phone was snappy with no apparent glitching.The touchscreen is super sensitive. I was not expecting that at all. It have quick memo and even writing with my fingers it was pretty good and recognizing the characters. I need to get a stylus to really check it out but so far so good.The size was prefect for me. 4 inch screen was just what I wanted.The phone performed its phone functions well i.e. calling  (The call screens however sometimes go black so when you are trying to hang up a call you basically have to do a battery pull), texting, the works....Conclusion:The screen quality was the only reason it lost a stars but I got what I expected for the most part. A okay budget phone. with a few tweaks here and there it turns into a fine machine. But don't expect anything major as it is filled with flaws. I wouldn't suggest it for anyone's permanent phone.  It's a decent option for a pre-teen or as temp-phone.