This Feiteng GT-N9300+ MT6577 phone looks good and from online reviews seems to work reasonably well for others, but I've given up on it.  Daniel at lolbuy shipped it very promptly (arrived from China in 2 weeks) and has been quick and polite in e-mailing me about it, but it has too many issues I can't resolve in time for our overseas trip next week.  BTW, I'm an experienced user of iPhone and Android smartphones, so I don't think it's operator error.1.  The tiny user's guide for this Chinese-made Samsung clone is pathetically incomplete, and there are absolutely no online instructions available anywhere even after an ultra-diligent hours-long search.  I spent hours looking at YouTube commentaries on the phone, in several languages, but they all said pretty much the same pros and cons and didn't resolve any of my issues.2.  The unforgivable problem for me is this phone's complete inability to recognize any wi-fi networks, either mine at home or public ones.  It certainly didn't do so automatically, and when I tried a bazillion times to manually enter my home network name, security system (WPA2), and password, the phone either shut down, cleared my entries and re-presented me with unfilled out blanks, or (if I was lucky enough to get any response at all) told me no network was within range.  Since the whole time I tried this I was surrounded by my iPhone, Kindle, and iPad as well as desktop PC which all picked up the network with no problems at all, I concluded that this clone phone is hopeless.  If I have this much trouble getting into a wifi network here at home, I can only imagine my frustration trying to do so with multiple foreign wifi networks on our upcoming trip to Greece and Turkey!3.  As noted by everyone, the front camera is a joke, and there is no case available other than the clunky one it ships with.  These are cons, but in my book not deal-breakers.On the pro side, the screen is large, clear and bright.  The dual-SIM feature is handy, and the phone's very small onboard memory is easily augmented with a mini SD card.  I would have enjoyed using this phone if it had only worked for me!Perhaps it is simply my phone that's the problem, not the whole model, so your mileage may vary.  I'm ordering a different unlocked GSM smartphone for our trip next week, as I can't waste any more time fooling around with this one.