When I first got this phone back in June 2013, this phone was perfect and I loved it. It had a 12 hour battery life with all features on (bluetooth, gps, etc.), virtually glitch free, lightning fast performance. I couldn't have asked for a better phone. However, all that was good about this phone was ruined when Samsung released the 4.3 update a few months back. Since the update, battery life has been slashed DRAMATICALLY from 12 hours to about 5. Oh, and that's with power save mode on, low screen brightness, and all other background features and apps turned off. Not only did the battery life get ruined, but the phone started lagging BAD. Now, it takes as much as 25 seconds to wake the lockscreen. I called samsung about both these issues and all they did was give me the usual corporate runaround and tell me to do basic troubleshooting that I had already did plenty of times. I clear the RAM every 5 minutes and the performance is still sluggish. Also, this phone, along with all other samsung phones, is known for killing SD cards. I had a 32gb sandisk that had hundreds of photos and music on it and now the card is unreadable and rendered useless because of careless engineering. After doing some research, I found out that many other people have had this same problem happen to them. Some people have said they had gone through as many as 6 SD cards (Look it up...). This is due to the fact that the SD card slot is located directly above the processor where the most heat is released (Like I said, careless engineering). I'm angry because I have always been a fan of Samsung products but with the faulty android 4.3 release and the poorly located SD card slot, it is obvious to me that this company does not care about the quality of their products. It is obvious that they didn't bother to properly beta test this phone or the 4.3 software for bugs before releasing it to the public. I will never buy a Samsung product ever again and will most likely be switching to the iPhone when I get the money.Oh I almost forgot! This morning I took my phone off the charger and the battery meter instantly dropped from 100% to 14%. This is probably the start of a whole new set of problems to come...