REVISED 2013.08.28. Owned an xcover now going on about two years.  Ruggedness remains the major criterion. I mainly use it for GPS access to maps and marine charts from BackCountry Navigator (US$10), travel camera (stills and video), on line access when travelling, and last as a travel phone.  Initially had to go to the local ATT service tech to get it running, though who was unable to get it to exchange data packets via cell towers. A year or so later (~2013.04) called ATT mobile and a technician there directed me to "apn" settings and then provided codes. Data now works.This little unit has been dropped on hard surfaces a few times, used sailing on salt water, been in the rain and in the woods and it works.  GPS is much better than my older Garmin Rhino 120, but a bit slower and more prone to dropping signals in forest cover than my newer Garmin etrex which in fairness uses Russian satellites as well as US.  Battery lasts between two and three hours with GPS.2013.07 travelled to Sweden and it worked immediately with Swedish carrier GSM sim card, changed back to ATT card on return to US with no problems after reboot. The BCN maps I downloaded for Sweden were accurate for where we were (Smaland) and showed better detail than the Michelin paper maps. (local road and topo maps are also accurate and have good detail).The 3G processor and os version are slower and lower in memory than newer phones, but the xcover does what I need. Still automatically synchs with Google calendar on the desktop. For Skype, text worked ok, but voice disconnected. The clunky Samsung Kies software can be worked around by swiping downward the small "trident" USB connector icon when the phone is plugged into the computer.  It then acts like any other storage device. Be aware that the USB cords are a somewhat non-standard Samsung-unique design.I added a lanyard seized with heavy thread to one of those round belt clip buttons (sold by GPS vendors)attached to the back with high strength double backed foam tape.  Blocks the phone's use as a level but keeps things secure on the water and snow.  For a case I use a Equinox backpack shoulder strap pocket(see review Equinox Ultralite Pack Pocket on reinforcing the stitching).Overall, the xcover remains a very good little tool for what I use it for. I give 4/5 for my use because memory is now a little bit constrained (next step, root it and remove bloatware)and Skype does not work on voice.