I have had five Blackberries over the years with T-Mobile.  Most have been solid and dependable.  I especially liked the Curve 8900 and the 8800.  They had excellent voice quality.  The UMA wifi calling on the Curve was convenient and dependable.I purchased the 9700 for alleged 3G speeds and to use the phone in Japan.  I was successful using the phone in Japan, but the speeds do not really qualify as 3g and I have had a number of problems with the phone.In summary:What I like--1.  The batter life is decent.  Not as good as past Blackberries.2.  The keyboard is fine.3.  The screen is good resolution but very small.4.  Email works fine; this is a given.What I didn't like:1.  The 3G is a joke.  I've downloaded firmware upgrades twice and the device never really achieves decent speeds--for example, it rarely exceeds 200 kbs.  I've tested a Nexus One (not noted for its 3G prowess) next the Blackberry and achieved 2-3 mps.2.  There have been a long history of dropped calls and fluctuating receptions levels.  The call quality is the worst I have had while with T-Mobile.  I like T-Mobile, but they keep suggesting things like a sim swap or firmware upgrade to fix the problems.  These approaches have not worked.3.  The UMA does not work well.  The call transfer from Wifi to Cellular worked well on the 8900 but does not work on the 9700.  It causes the phone to freeze or restart.4.  The 3 mp camera is no better than the relatively good camera for the Curve 8900, which was probably almost threes year ago.  The camera on the Nexus One is much better.5.  The browser and internet browsing experience is terrible.  Many sites will not load.  The screen is too small.  Javascript takes forever, and page loading is generally very slow.  I've tried Bolt and Opera, which are somewhat better.  Also the bookmark system for the standard browser is bad, forcing priority to T-Mobile sites and lacking flexibility.6.  I'm a big Audible user to listen to books.  The Blackberry application is terrible--it is painfully slow, crashes frequently and is slow to download books, even over Wifi.  The music player is also crude and poor.7.  The application store is poor compared to Android and nothing at all like the Iphone application store.  Apps are the name of the game, and on this issue, Blackberries are severely handicapped.I'm now pushing our company to consider non-Blackberry options.  I think many people, having tried the Iphone and Android devices, are sick of Blackberries.  The one hook, we will need to overcome, is to have a dependable international email plan.