I owned this phone for about a year with NO PROBLEMS. It is just that I change out phones often as I am a techie and have to have the latest phone/tablet, etc. And so I upgrade very often. However, the phone worked perfectly for the time I owned it, so here is my detailed review, and I hope that it will help you make a good decision if you need a great smartphone at this great price!***Keep in mind that this Sim Unlocked phone will work fine in AT&T; and even T-Mobile for calling and texting. But for Internet and MMS, you may need to set the APN settings. If you need the APN settings for At&T;, T-Mobile etc, just ask me in the comments and I will send them.Pros:- Very clear and easy to read 4.5" screen.- Outstanding colors and outstanding screen clarity.- 2.2 Android allowed me to save many installed apps on my SD External card. (Cannot do this anymore after OS 3.0 and higher).- Great camera - I took many high quality pictures.- Wonderful music player app (the stock one was just right and makes great playlists,etc). Sound quality excellent.- Got 4g on the Internet Data.- WiFi came in clear and fast.- Overall a easy to use and perfect size phone and comfortable to hold with big enough screen.Cons:- NO FM Radio. However, I installed Tune In Radio so if I had WiFi on, I could listen to all kinds of radio stations.- Could use more memory, yet it still ran fast for me.- It has OS of 2.2 Android, possibly 2.3. However, this is still a good OS and will run most Apps. I still have a Galaxy Player with 2.3 and all apps I installed run fine...Good phone, after owning it for about a year, I upgraded to Samsung Galaxy Note N7000 with 5.3 screen. However, that one was too large and heavy to hold and I upgraded again. However, at times, I kind of miss my old Infuse as it was big enough at 4.5" and not a heavy phone to hold. And at the price offered, it is a good deal for a nice phone.Also, I am a techie and know a lot about Android devices that is smartphones and tablets, so if you have any questions, please ask me in the comment section.Hope that this review has been helpful to you and thank you for reading it.