Terrific deal ! Could not find a thing wrong with anything on this order or phone. For less than $110 and no contract, I received the LG800 phone, battery, charger, 400 minutes on activation, Triple Minutes Renewal for Life of Phone, 4 GB Scandisk Memory chip, Micro USB Data Transfer Cable, Non-Slip Rubber Gel protective outer skin, and Clear LCD Screen Protective Cover Shields !!!  But wait, there was even more bonus minutes to be had !!!After inserting the memory chip and inserting the battery, I charged the phone for a few minutes. I put on the protective screen cover, and nudged the phone into the rubber non-slip protective gel skin. Download and transfer of music files and photos from my laptop was a snap using the Micro USB Data transfer cable. After deciding to terminate my 5 year old wireless plan with AT&T;, I put in a request with TracFone and my old number from AT&T; was ported in almost overnight, on the weekend !!!Now, adding the minutes was the fun part. The package comes with 400 minutes... x Triple Minutes which equates to 1,200 minutes ! But I took this one step further, and searched online to locate TracFone airtime minutes promo codes. I jotted down a few to try, then went to Tracfone's website to add minutes to my phone. First you enter the code for your 400 minutes, then in the promo code field Tracfone provides, you enter one of their bonus minute codes. Within 5 minutes, my LG800 chirped out a notice that I had just added, not 1200, not 1350, but 1560 minutes to my now activated phone !!! How awesome of a deal is that ??!Since then this phone has worked flawlessly for me, for calls, texting, and even some web browsing (though that's limited). Sound is great on this phone and music is as good as an MP3. The smaller size is perfect, as it fits in my pockets with ease, and does not crack if you happen to sit on it, but the LCD Touchscreen is big enough for anything but watching movies.Only slight negatives I could find are TracFone's call center requires some extra patience when speaking to their tech support. The web browser should be upgraded if you want the best mobile web experience, and the APPs available to this phone are not the same as those for IPADs or IPhones. Screen reaction is a micro tad slower than typical Droid and IPad phones. The camera does not have built-in flash or the top of the line resolution, even though the videos and pics I took look pretty decent to me.All in all, a terrific deal for those looking to escape from a 1 or 2 year contract, and upgrade from their basic "Dumb" phone, or those who don't need the expensive features and options included on the Ipads, Iphones, and Androids.