Like the excellent, well-written review by Juwan I. Hayward, I also ordered this from Clove Technology in the UK because I didn't want to wait for it. I had not anticipated that I would be able to get it so soon from a vendor via Amazon (with the exchange rate, it cost me a little more than $100 more than it can be purchased here). Of all of the many gadgets and phones I have owned in the past 30 years, this is by far the best and most superior gadget I have had the privilege of owning and using. It really is a perfect mini-computer. I could conceivably eliminate most of my other gadgets and just use this device. It is small enough to put in most pockets (especially jacket or pants).I go nowhere without it. It is superfast, with a beautiful screen. I use it for playing music, playing games, reading Kindle and ePub books, reading and editing documents, taking notes, surfing the web (in addition to the excellent Android Browser, I love the Dolphin Browser and even occasionally use Firefox for Android), reading news feeds from Pulse and News360, checking Facebook and Google+, taking candid pictures (it also has a good-quality front-facing camera for video chats, which I have yet to use), and all of the many other things one does on today's smartphones and tablets. I have heavily invested in the Android ecosystem, and it really has no noticeable weaknesses compared to iOS (iPhone/iPad/iTouch). This one device combines all the best attributes of a smartphone with those of a tablet, and it is more portable that the normal tablet of today. I own a top-end tablet, and I find myself using it rarely since getting the Samsung Galaxy Note three weeks ago.Lastly, it has a pen. I love the pen. This device is remarkable and outstanding without it, but the pen really does take it to another level for me. I use it for drawing, doodling, taking notes, having my notes transcribed (the transcription software delivered with it is quite good), and use to more efficiently play games and such. It is really the icing on the cake.I highly recommend the Samsung Galaxy NOTE. It could conceivably be my go-to device for several years to come.