I've owned this phone for a week now. I used to have a motorola rokr slider (that I've since recycled) and used tmobile's to go prepaid service. This is my first experience w/ tracfone (a mexican company)... so far so good. For my low usage needs prepaid is the best option. I purchased this thru shop cell deals w/ the 1200 minutes(1yr). I was able to activate it & get my new local number with-in a few minutes using the tracfone's webpage. (For the first use it does say to charge it for 5 hrs) The user manual is only available online in pdf format. I'd recommend taking a few minutes and familiarize yourself w/ its features-- especially where the right soft keys aka "browser" buttons are located (on the front upper right and on right side of keyboard), be careful to avoid hitting those by accident. I haven't had issues w/ that yet personally, but have read others have. It sucks samsung didn't include a way to disable that feature in the settings since this is a prepaid phone and unintentional browser use could eat precious minutes.The good: For me the phone's low cost, slide out keyboard, and tracfone's low cost for talk & text when considering the "triple minutes for life" of the phone were the selling points. I didn't add a micro sd card b/c I don't plan on using it for pictures/video, internet, or music. I have a digital camera, computer, and AAC player that I prefer to use for those purposes. I happen to really like Samsung as a brand, but I dont work for them. Don't expect or compare it to what the latest & greatest smart phones do, but then again you won't have a 100$ monthly bill or 2 yr. contract either :)The bad: I had to deduct 1 star b/c of the following: it lacks a mini plug for headphones, doesn't include a usb transfer cable, a wired headset or coiled car charger, a user manual, a starter 512MB or 1GB sd card, relatively low camera resolution (2MP), and lacks the ability to shut off the browser feature. The micro sd card slot also isn't in a user friendly side slot, but rather in a hard to get to spot hidden inside the battery cover. The plastic back cover, small charging door piece, and wall charger feels really cheap and may break easily so use care. IMO even with the drawbacks, considering the low cost it's still a good value and I'd recommend it to others who may be looking for a decent prepaid messaging phone.