In the end I couldn't use it, but a nice phone.  When I tried one of these (a Kyocera Loft, on Virgin's Beyond Talk, but the same phone) it came in handy when I used it where I couldn't get Cricket coverage.  And (only) because it let me install Opera Mini, I was able to access my work e-mail and bank website--which I couldn't do with Cricket's low-end text phones at all.  But this one wouldn't let me use my own ringtone.The good:Voice was very good, Calls clear, and easy to use speakerphone feature.Good camera.  Pictures were clearer and more usable than on some 2MP phone cameras.Operating system provides for Java app support.  Opera Mini and Google Maps already installed--good because Opera provides access to web resources most phone web browsers don't, and Google Maps lets you use the GPS without paying to use Virgin Mobile's one.So many other phones like this make it hard not to accidentally open the web browser, but not this one.The bad:Keypad is good size, but the two-level keys limit the size of the text on the keys and seems a poor third choice to the usual domed keys or slightly separated ones.Sprint coverage has not been as good as the other major carriers--or even Cricket--where I live.Sprint locks the phone so it only allows use of the included ringtones or those purchased from Virgin Mobile.  I suppose this is a bit picky, but the available ones seem to be mostly music and a few sound effects.  I use a couple of very specific tones for voice and text, and it didn't look like there were any appropriate substitutes.Though the camera is quite good, the viewer isn't.  The best way to appreciate how good the pictures are is to set one as a background or send it to another phone or a computer.  You can't view images fullscreen.I never found a really good idle screen option.  For both the Cricket phones I had used and the LG phones I've used, it was easy to use a monthly calendar as the clock display, but nothing like that on this one.This is a really nice phone, if you can live with the limitations.  It would still make a nice entry-level phone for Beyond Talk, but Virgin Mobile doesn't advertize it as such.And yes.  Looking on Virgin Mobile's site it looks like this phone is one of the few that CAN run on either Beyond Talk or PayLo, so add program flexibility to its advantages.