My Galaxy S3 is from Verizon, not the international version. My previous phone (and main reference point) was the original Droid, which had served me pretty well.  I'd been following the hype about the Galaxy S3's release for months, and in my experience--after a bump in the road or two--it's met my expectations.First, I had upgraded to the Razr Maxx initially, and returned it to get the Samsung because of the Samsung's better specifications that may translate into faster speeds.  My biggest concern was whether I'd regret the loss of the Razr Maxx's massive battery, and when I discovered during the first two weeks of use that my Galaxy S3 was draining rapidly on standby, I was not happy at all.  After being fully charged, leaving it unused overnight (but unplugged) would drain 35% of the battery by morning.  I applied the battery-conserving features, to no noticeable effect. I installed the Juice Defender app, to no noticeable effect.  I called Verizon tech support many times, receiving wildly different responses, from "that's normal" to the reasonable suggestion that I install the Phone Info app, allowing me to turn off 4G reception  at night.  All to no noticeable effect.  I called Samsung twice.  No help.I finally removed an app or two, stopped the unwanted Backup service, and played around with the phone and, suddenly, no more draining.  If I leave it unplugged overnight, I'll lose only 5-10%, which is reasonable since it does receive emails and flash LED lights, etc. I wish I knew exactly what solved the problem, but it's a mystery to me (and apparently Verizon and Samsung as well).  Bottom line: I've yet to come close to running out of juice after a full day's use.The phone itself is well-designed.  Although the screen is quite large, it  causes no problem in my pocket and I don't find it difficult to grip or manipulate. It's slim, and reasonably sturdy--although not quite as solid as the Kevlar-backed Razr Maxx, it's not cheap-feeling. With Ice Cream Sandwich it has a variety of clever functions, including one that keeps the screen on as long as it detects someone looking at it (if you want it to), a good 8mp camera (plus a forward-facing camera for video chatting) that snaps pictures immediately and will take bursts of shots (if you want it to), the ability to edit videos you take, automatic dialing of contacts that you're texting, and so on.  It all works pretty smoothly (although the Facebook interactivity is poor for some reason).The phone can be very fast, at least when 4G LTE is available, which isn't a given even if there's 4G service in the area--it varies from moment to moment. Don't expect instant page-loading all the time. But this isn't any different from any other phone.The phone, for the moment, seems to be the state of the art.