My experience with this vendor was super positive. A day after ordering the phone it occurred to me to email the seller and ask if the phone came with a sim card (which it didn't). I received a response within 6 hours and the seller informed me that I can get one for free at the verizon store (which I did).. The phone came as advertised (perfect condition, like new), and 4 days earlier than the estimated delivery date.Now onto the phone. Just as a quick background, this is my second smartphone. My first was the iphone 4,which I loved. My only issue was the size of the screen. I have pretty poor vision, so it was hard for me to to read mobile apps on it, which kind of defeats the purpose of having a smart phone. I'm was one year away from my 2 year update, so I decided to search for a used phone with a larger screen. My research led me to the galaxy nexus and it's 4.65 hd screen. This suited my needs much better. I will say one thng, do yourself a favor and buy yourself an extended battery or an extra battery. Having read at least 100 reviews I found 1 common denominator= the poor battery life. knowing this before hand was beneficial, as when I ordered my phone I also ordered a hyperion extended battery and case. It does look a little silly to make such a big phone even bigger, but believe me, it's worth it. I got a full day and a half out of it, which is better than my iphone. The phone is an absolute monster. I would say it blows away my iphone 4 in just about every category. It's ridiculously fast and the display is beautiful. Coming from the retina display to an amoled screen takes some getting used to. The colors on the samsung amoled are absolutely stunning, if not over saturated at times, and blacks are incredibly black, much more so than the iphone. The iphone has the more realistic colors, but blacks are greyish and the colors aren't as vibrant. While these are not the latest and greatest products from these manufactures, I'll give my opinion based on my experience. This one goes to the galaxy nexus. Please don't hesitate to use this vendor, they were prompt and service was greeat!