I got this phone as a Go-Phone from AT&T; because I was upgrading from Cricket, after going through 2 of their phones in a year. This phone seemed good. Just like the blackberry, and for a decent price. If some one is looking for just a bare bones call some one and text a few times a week, this is more than enough for you. If you plan on using your phone a lot, however, you will run into some major problems.First the good: The phone is light and small. The keys took some getting used to, but they work really well and are responsive enough for you to know when you press one. There are some other good features, like being able to browse the web while in a call, and the camera, for this phone, isn't bad.now for the bad: This phone is bad at texting. Why? Because if you set it to auto delete texts, it will lock up when your texts get full. Yes, lock up. I have had to remove by battery from this thing to cold restart it almost 4 or 5 times a week just because of this. And if you don't know that you are full, you cannot get new texts until you delete the old ones. This along with the fact that you can't look at your texts while in a call makes this phone a bad choice for me. If I can browse the Internet and SEND texts, why can't I open my messages while in a call? I can if some one sends one and it pops up, but if not, I'm out of luck.The next really bad thing about this phone is that it is too thin. Yes, too thin. Why might this be a problem? I have gone through 3 sim cards in 6 months of having this phone, 2 within the first 2 month. The ware on the sim cards is really noticeable, and routinely I have a "Insert Sim" error on my phone. This can happen mid call, making it a hassle, taking your battery out, removing your sim card, putting everything back, turning the phone back on, and hoping that it works.I'm in the market for a new phone. After 6 months, the texting started to crap out, and I can no longer view sent texts. I am looking to get an Android phone or something of the sort. This phone is fine for calls, bad for texts.