This phone is possibly the best smartphone available right now (December 2008).  I've had windows mobile, palm and blackberry phones in the past to compare this to.Very thin, sturdy (all metal casing) it feels solid in your hand, professional and sleek.  Screen is good, keyboard better than most, camera, GPS, email....it essentially has it all.  "Mail for exchange" software works flawlessly for "work" push email and calendar syncing.  Battery life is outstanding (two days on one charge with moderate to heavy use...which is as good as it gets).Nokia makes everything customizable with many shortcuts available to get to all functions.  Really a great thing about Nokias in general and this one is no different.  Short press the dedicated calendar key (like on a Palm) for the calendar, long press for a new calendar entry.  4 dedicated keys for these types of things (calendar, messaging, contacts and a home key) and 6 on screen shortcuts, plus two more soft key shortcuts and even some keyboard long press shortcuts on top of that.  That means one click access to just about everything you would want to do with the phone.OS crashes less than windows mobile, though not as good as blackberry (simply turn off / on to get back to normal - this happens once every two weeks or so if you use it heavily).  There are many app's available for download.  Camera is good in good light, video quality is surprisingly good (even in bad light).  GPS works great (download google maps).This is the best smartphone that I have ever owned and as good as any smartphone available on the market right now in terms of build quality, battery, features and certainly in terms of looks (slimmer than the iPhone 3G and as I said before - it is made out of metal).  The metal gives the phone a certain gravitas, a certain feeling of quality that it generally not available in phones.  It feels like a well made tool, it just feels good in your hand.Get a blackberry if you mostly just need email and don't care as much about multi media and games and the like.Get an iPhone if you mostly want multi media and the like and not so much email.Get this phone if you are in the middle (though it handles email and calendar syncing about 95% as good as a blackberry - I use it heavily for work email and have no complaints).