I won't comment on the fine features of this phone given the other reviewers have already done such an excellent job, but I'd just like to say that the Belle update for this phone is just incredible. When I first bought the Nokia C6-01 it arrived with very "clunky" software and would restart itself at the drop of a hat. Boy am I glad I waited for the Belle update. Please do yourself a favour and get this done at a Nokia Care Centre or if you have to do it yourself use a reliable internet connection. Prior to applying the Belle update, it does what looks to be a thorough backup of contacts and messages etc. My personal experience was that after the update it failed to restore my SMS text messages as well as my "favorite places locations" that was kept with the MAPS application. The rule is to be sure you always backup your text messages etc using Nokia Suite as you might lose some of these after the upgrade.If you make use of VOIP you will need to re-install the SIP VoIP Settings application. The current version at the time of this review is referred to as "Symbian^3 SIP VoIP 3.1". The software will allow you to make VOIP calls over 3G as well as the ability to change the codecs e.g. G729 etc. If you are going to use VOIP over 3G make sure you turn on AWCDMA in the profile settings.As far as Skype is concerned, be sure to download the latest update. At the time of this review Skype has still not supplied a video call app for Belle which is most upsetting to all the Nokia fan boys out there.Also, the phone can function as a WiFi hotspot for all your favorite WiFi enabled devices such iPads, laptops etc. I use the paid version of JoikuSpot which provides WEP Open security.Last but not least, if you want to Voice Dial someone in your contact list, all you need to do is press the call button (The bottom left button that lights up green) till you hear two beeps "beep beep" and then just speak out the contact name into the phone. Now, you might have multiple numbers stored under one contact with various detail descriptors including an "internet telephone" descriptor or "SIP" descriptor etc. The trick is to press the call button to setup voice dialling and then to speak into the phone e.g. "John Doe internet" and it will then voice dial the "SIP" or "internet number" for John Doe. Don't forget to speak out the first name, surname and detail descriptor (cell, home, work, internet,... etc) otherwise you'll get the dreaded "no match found" message.