This phone is great is you want as much capability as possible crammed into a hand-held device. No, it doesn't have the most simple or flashy user interface, and if you only browse the web and download games, better stick with something simpler. But if you want some power-user features, this fits the bill nicely.The camera is most impressive. I recently compared it to my Panasonic TS1 camera, which isn't shabby itself, and the N8 got better-looking photos, with better sharpness, contrast and color accuracy, not to mention vastly more detail in low light and no annoying chroma noise. Also love the bright wide-angle lens, and the Xenon flash. I only wish it had better dynamic range in the highlights. Make no mistake - it leaves any other phone camera in the dust.The OS is packed with features like a file browser, Bluetooth file transfers, photo editor, HD video recording, turn-by-turn navigation, mass storage "drag and drop" support, and more. The interface is intuitive and easy enough to use. I know a lot of people complain how it's not as "slick" and "polished" compared to Apple's, but I personally find Apple's interface disgustingly limiting and restrictive, thus I prefer a more capable OS.I also love the multi-tasking abilities. I can follow turn-by-turn navigation while listening to music while taking photos at the same time with this phone, and it performs without a hiccup.The multi-media capabilities are quite nice too. With 16GB internal storage and powerful hardware, I can simply copy movies from my computer to the phone, and it plays them back flawlessly. The music player has an easy to use interface and the sound quality is excellent. It also comes with a good-sounding headset, which can control the player.It has 3G on every band, which means I can have a fast connection with any GSM carrier.The keyboard is ok, but I still prefer a hardware keyboard.While it offers plenty of features, it's missing some abilities compared to my older Nokia E71. It can't create a custom EQ preset, can't edit ID3 tags, can't edit office documents without a paid upgrade (Edit - as of January 2011, a firmware update enabled office document editing), and can't encrypt the memory (Edit - the upgrade to Symbian Belle enabled memory encryption). At least it has a passcode lock, and while locked, you can't access the phone via the USB port, so that should stop all but the most determined hackers and crackers.Overall, I am quite pleased with the phone. On paper, it may not have the most impressive specs, but in actual use I found it to be a surprisingly capable and powerful device.