Some PROs:nHD (360x640) is not an impressive resolution these days, but the display is vivid and amazing and the touch sensitivity is as good as any other i have used.The call quality is as superb as you would expect from Nokia.The camera is phenomenal.Nokia Maps is THE best out there for a phone, and as good as most full GPS devices.The loudspeaker is unreal.Media connectivity is quite impressive, and Nokia's support for format compatibility is extense.16GB on board with expandability to 48 using a 32GB SDHC micro card.USB On The Go is cool. Connect a flash drive, keyboard, mouse, etc.QuickOffice included for editing Microsoft Office documents.HDMI out with an adapter included from micro HDMI is nice.The included headset it very nice and has media player controls.Nokia build quality is unparalleled. Really.Some CONs:Symbian Belle looks nice, but it is a bit clunky compared to S60, i think. Not as easy to get around nor as customizable an interface.No WiFi broadcast app from the factory (Joikuspot costs $12)App availability not very extense.The browser is lame (with the exception being how it handles YouTube - no need for a YouTube app), but Opera is free.The resolution could be a bit higher, but the quality of the display is very good.The battery is replaceable, but it might be scary for some to undertake.Music player interface (in Belle OS) is very strange. Portrait vs. landscape interface is COMPLETELY different. In landscape, only the albums view is accessible. No playlists, no artists, no genres, NO ALL SONGS. i can not understand this at all. Sure, i could turn the phone upright and get it all back, but how was this overlooked?It really could use a couple more physical buttons... i am not really a touchscreen fanatic.All things considered, this phone is just not intended for the way i use phones. That would be the E Series. However, if you are a multimedia-oriented user (and a Nokia/Symbian fan), you WILL be stoked on this phone. The rich media experience is amazing and i DO think this phone is cool. It just is not my go-to for day-to-day use. i am going back to using the E6 for my daily driver, with this phone being my camera/music player/video device. If you ARE a Nokia/Symb fan, you might want to try to get your hands on the 808 instead, as it trumps all other cameraphones period and bests the rest of the N Series at everything else, too.