Good phone for the price and it's among the best prepaid deals out there right now.  The only real complaint I have is that you can't zoom when recording video.  But to have unlimited talk, text and web plus the Android OS for $50 a month (or less if you sign up for automatic monthly payments), I really can't complain.Regarding the other reviewer who called this phone crappy and only gave it one star, I don't understand why hers doesn't work, because my boyfriend and I each got one of these phones and we love it.  I recommend this phone to anyone who wants a smart phone without a contract.EDITED after I had this phone for 11 months (1/13/2013):  this has been a great starter smartphone for me.  I love it and now that I've had it for a while, I decided two things I will get with my next phone:  a front-facing camera and a phone with more internal storage.  This one doesn't have a lot of internal storage space but again, it's a great little starter phone, and I use my SD card to store most of my apps.I will also make sure my next phone has a newer version of Android as this one only runs Gingerbread and I don't know if it's due to the OS or the phone itself, but I can't install Adobe Flash Player on this phone, which limits some of the things I can do (although it really doesn't impact my daily life).  Some newer games aren't compatible with the phone, such as Bad Piggies, but I can play all the Angry Birds games so I'm okay with that.I went from using a flip phone that only made calls and texted to this first smartphone for me and it has been an enjoyable experience.  I only pay $45 a month (plus tax) since I signed up for the auto-pay on my monthly bill and I've been really happy with this little phone.  I've been looking at other prepaid phones and even almost a year later, this one is hard to beat for the price.  If you want a bigger, better, phone you are going to pay more money to get it and I didn't want to pay more for my first smartphone.If I had to do it all again knowing what I know now about this phone, I would definitely buy it again.  My husband and I are both happy with these phones.