Beware-- this phone is an International version which is slightly different than the domestic version.  As such, the quick-start manual came in Spanish and some vendors' apps will now download because they are unfamiliar with the model number.  This may be because the phone is so new, or it may be because of it being an International version-- it is not yet clear.  The TiVo app, which I enjoyed on my former smart phone, does not even show up in the download list.  When I go to the TiVo website, it tells me my phone is incompatible, yet is SHOULD be, so I suspect that TiVo has not entered this model in its database yet.Also, I tried to use this phone with my Consumer Cellular account, taking the SIM card out of my Motorola Bravo smart phone and plugging into the Samsung Note.  I could make calls and I could connect to WiFi, but 3G/4G did not work.  Consumer Cellular told me that it won't because they didn't install their software on it.  So, I had to switch carriers to AT&T; for $30/mo more than Consumer Cellular was charging me.  Since the phone is slightly different, not all of the AT&T; features work and, of course, their custom software and apps are not pre-installed.Bottom line?  I LOVE the phone but not sure that the hassles I incurred are worth the savings by buying through Amazon.  In retrospect, I might have been better off to just buy the phone for $300 from AT&T; and agree to the 2-year contract.  My intention was to use it with Consumer Cellular, but that's not happening because of THEIR lack of flexibility.  I guess having an unlocked phone is good because if/when Consumer Cellular or other GSM phone provider will support it, I can switch-- which I could not do if I have an AT&T-supplied; phone (what I was told).  The phone itself is awesome, readable with old eyes, has a sharp display, a great touch-screen, a stylus to avoid fat-fingering small items, and more.  I wish the audio was a wee bit louder, but it is acceptable.  A built-in FM radio is way cool, too!So, I would not discourage this purchase, but I think the seller should have been up-front about it and say that it is an International version.  If it does, and I missed it, my bad.  But, it SHOULD be more prominently placed in the description.