I started my relatioship with the N85 after a messy ending with an LG incite. Alas that phone is now in the hands of my teenager being used as the toy that it is.My affair with the N85 started, as all affairs sdo, wonderfully. There was that period of getting to know each other followed by some time of operational bliss.Then, I started to notice little things. We would be driving along and suddenly she would stop communicating with my bluetooth headset, and then, just as suddenly, start again. She would do other strange things like acknowledge a voice command but then do nothing. She would ring but not let me talk to the caller or just not ring at all. Exaspreated, I packaged her up and sent her back to Nokia for therapy.She came back in a week but it was not long before she started with her tricks again, leading to another, albeit this time, all expense paid trip to Nokia.When I got her back, it was with a note from Nokia telling me that her condition was terminal, and try as they did, there was just nothing that they could do...so they gave me a replacement.N85 #2 was great, I referred to her as my "megaphone"; that was, until suddenly after a firmware update, she went crazy. I finally was able to calm her down by giving her her old firmware back (boy what a battle that was!); but she was never quite the same.She later fell victim to the muched blogged about "N85 charging problem". Because this issue can be treated via USB charging directly from the computer, I decided to live with her little quirk.At the end off the day, she is a great gal though for $400.00, I expected better.Update 12/2010:{cue TAPS in the background} Her warentee has expired and so has she. Though much of her functionality remained intact, her bluetooth and WiFi are almost non functional. Dropped calls were slowly becomming the rule and not the exception.On average she went back to the factory every 4 months and now in addition to the cost of her bus ticket, I would also have to cover the cost of the stay at Nokias spa for malfunctioning  cell phones. She has been laid to rest in the upper right hand drawer of the cabinet of misfit toys.RIP N85....RIP.