I am a Sony fan but honestly I was expecting more from this phone.  This is my 3th Xperia cellphone, and I was really exciting to check this new model.Good: Really nice shape, the screen in HD is amazing to watch videos. The camera is fast and high quality as well. The battery have a long duration compared with others smartphones. The software is much better than the previous version, the touching keyboard works nice in double languages and switches automatically. Its is really  nice. The system to recognize the voice is amazing too, you just need to shake the cell phone to activate the Google voice. The frontal camera  is nice and high quality as well, I am using it to skype my mom in Brazil using this phone and works fine, like my laptop in video conference. The backcover is quite easy to remove to insert you microSIM chip, which is much much better than the others models, so far.Bad: The size is too big for me. Its is thin, but for example, you can not do a call easily with a unique hand for example. It is bad in some situations, for example in a cold weather,  but if you have big hands this will not be a problem for you. The quality of the sound is bad compared with previous Xperia mini pro and Xperia pro for example, and I like Sony due the high quality of the sounds in their devices. Another problem with the sound, is that it is too loud, even at the minimum volume. If you are in a shared environment  and want  listen music in a low volume do dot expect the low volume with this phone, you will need to use your headphones. This is bad, because sometimes my hears are "tired" from headphones. Another problem is that If you are using headphones and wanna pass for the next music, the control of the headphone can do that. The same silence button of headphone can be used to pass to the next music, which is cool, but sometimes its simply does not work.... I will keep it with me but I guess the Xperia pro is a better option after the last upgrade of the software provided by Sony. This model sometimes became frozen, and you can do nothing, once that the battery are non removable.  This last problem improved after the upgrade. However, that last thing that you wanna do after buy a new cool cellphone is waste your time doing a software upgrade in the fist week with your new phone. Good luck in your choice. --Marcelo