You know how your grandma said "If you can't say something nice about a person, don't say anything at all". Well, thank God this phone isn't a person, because I have nothing but bad things to say about this phone. Let's start off with the super-bad, and go from there.1) This phone only has .20G of memory. That is a period in front of that 20. That means there's 213 MB of free space. Now subtract the Google Play Store (10MB) and the new Google Play Store Services (7MB). Now let's assume that you can't live without Facebook (24MB), or your non-google Email Client (at least 5MB). Oh, and also let's say you don't like your launcher, so you install ADW Launcher (4MB) Suddenly, you're looking at only 163MB of free space. That's 1/15th of a Gigabyte. Most phones, even some of the other phones on Net10 and Virgin have 1, 2, and 4 GBs for roughly the same price.2) Now let's look at the RAM that this phone has. A "whopping" 397MB. Most phones come standard with 512MB. But don't expect to be pushing this phone to the max. Oh no, the phone starts stuttering and freezing at about half that, at 170, 180MB. Now, part of that is due to the proccessor of this phone (which I honestly don't know what kind of processor is in this infernal thing), but if I have almost 400MB of RAM, I expect to be able to use a bit more than half of that.3) I know this is a small caveat in the Android Prepaid world, but this particular phone only comes with Gingerbread 2.3.4. At the time this phone was released, 2.3.6 had already come out, and that release had some major security fixes involved. I'm not asking for ICS right out of the box. I'm just asking Net10 to release major bugfixes. (Also, don't try to update it via LG's version of KIES, because it won't work.)4) There's something faulty about the chipset in this particular phone. I have had Sprint phones before with no problems whatsoever. On this phone, it cannot for the life of itself, keep a steady connection, be that 3G, 1x or no internet, or even any connection at all. This phone is constantly, *constantly* fluctuating. It's infuriating.Let's just say that I'm really glad that I'm getting a new phone soon. You can be sure that after I get my new phone, this one will have a lovely encounter with the sidewalk.Don't buy this phone.