I'm not entirely sure where to begin. I've never left a review before so bear with me.I only need two simple things from a phone, battery life and reception. That's all. I don't need the internet. I don't need Twitter or Facebook. In a world where smartphones are ever on the rise, I suppose I must be an oddity. Now, I'll admit, the need for a full QWERTY keyboard is a recent one. I've managed, up until a few years ago, to never send a text and I'm well into my late thirties. I've never really seen the use of it all, myself. One leads to another and another when all it would have taken is a simple two minute phone call. Of course, that was all before I got my current job and low and behold I was reborn a texter. I really do hope my boss is proud of herself.Still, regardless of the new changes, some things remain a constant necessity. Phones are first and foremost for making calls. As I don't need the internet, Nokia has always been my go to company. Why buy a smartphone when it's not needed? This is my fifth phone with Nokia and I'm afraid to say that it will likely be my last. Before I get to the simple whys, however, I wish to contradict myself for a moment. This is a marvelous device. The build quality is superb. You can tell Nokia put a great deal of time with the building of the E6. The sturdy metal frame and the Gorilla Glass are testaments to that. And while some may groan and complain about Symbian being outdated, to me it is still a reliable and dependable OS.So, why will I be shortly listing this device on ebay you ask? I have two simple words for you, call quality. Notice I don't say reception. Nokia still holds the reigns in that department in my humble opinion. And, in battery life too while we're on the subject. I always got at least two days out my device and that was with heavy talking and texting. But, since the purchase of this phone, I'm consistently asked to repeat myself, often told that I'm difficult to hear and understand. These complaints have vanished recently as I've sadly moved, temporarily, to a Blackberry Bold. As I am on the front line for my company, often being it's only face for our customers, this is unacceptable.Sadly, Nokia, I regret that we must part ways. I hope you're able to turn things around for yourselves as, in my eyes, you're still the best.A disappointed customer