I've had this phone for about a month now. Previously I had an E51 which is smaller than the E75 but the phones are similar. The E75 has a bit more power under the hood from what I see and the larger screen is a plus. I didn't want a touchscreen for a number of reasons, and this is a perfect fit for useability.Overall, it performs well. Reception is good, visibility of the screen is good in all kinds of light, the buttons are easy to use, the keyboard is very handy (I have large hands and typical smartphone keyboards like the E61 are impossibly small), the camera is decent and the flash comes in handy at work (I sometimes need to take photos of parts in dark areas). The speakerphone is loud enough for me to use on most construction sites. The Wi-Fi functions well. The slide-out design of the keyboard make it more comfortable to use the internet since the screen orientation is better and the keys don't get in the way of what's on screen.The only real downer with this phone (and it's a big one so far) is how it reacts when it connects to the bluetooth hands-free in my truck which is built into the head unit. Every time I get in the truck and the phone pairs up it enters music mode and the music library screen opens. To use the phone, I have to close the music library first. This also seems to affect the reliability of the bluetooth connection. A few times after answering calls with the music library open and hanging up, the bluetooth system (also from Nokia) freezes and the head unit thinks the call is still active. This never happened with my E51 nor does it happen when I shut the music library before using the phone. The only way to unfreeze it is to shut bluetooth off and switch it back on a let the phone pair up again. Having to play with the phone this much while driving negates the safety aspects of using a hands free system in the first place. I called Nokia assistance about the music library starting automatically and was told that this is a built-in function that can't be turned off. I find that unacceptable in a phone designed for business use. The only other issue I'm having is with dirt getting under the screen protector. It's not a well sealed screen and tons of dust and even sand get in easily. Depending on where you use the phone, it might be a deal breaker.I'm happy with the phone and would recommend it to friends, but Nokia really needs to do something about the bluetooth starting the music library and they need to make sure that the screen is better protected.