First and foremost, Nokia phones have the BEST reception of all phones on the market. In addition, the call quality is exceptional. This is one key reason I bought this phone. Tried the iPhone....amazing gadget but mediocre reception (do a google search on the topic) and lousy camera. Tried the Samsung Eternity...also a really nice gadget but so-so reception and call quality.I have a house in Boston and Vermont. The house in VT is in the mountains and the n85 is the first cell phone that my wife and I have ever used that worked at the house....3 bars. Moto razor, 2 Blackberrys, Sony Ericcson 810i, the iPhone and Samsung Eternity...none had reception...the n85 is a standout in that department. Also love that the n85 is a slider and a fantastic 5MP camera w/flash. The browser is pretty quick, screen flips from vertical to horizontal smoothly and there is a 3.5mm jack for std headphones. Previously had tried the Nokia n78....loved the phone but found it a tad long (like the form factor on the n85 better) and really did not like the n78 keyboard (needed to type using my nails). I like the form of the n85 much more than the n78/n82n95/n96. Do feel that if you do alot of texting, the n85 might not be for you, you may be happier with a full keyboard. One problem I have is that the phone is so striking looking that when I use it (especially as a camera) people want to check it out.....a striking nice piece of equipment.Overall, if you care most about phone reception and quality of calls...buy a Nokia....the n78 was amazing...I had one a few years ago (3000 series), also amazing....does not have to be something as expersive as an n series phone. Nokia makes the best phones in the world....may not make the best gadgets (the iPhone definitely has the wow factor)....but their ability to make a phone is amazingPros:Amazing reception, don't have to worry about losing/dropping calls like with other brands (particularly an issue if reception is not strong)Solid product, feels high quality and great form factorGreat camera! Love that it has a slider lens cover that activates camera when openedFM radio, FM transmitter (use it more than I thought I would)Wifi and bluetooth (very easy to make connections)Unlocked 3G (use ATT)GPS (tried the n78 GPS, assume the n85 is the same)3.5mm headphone jack, great quality loudspeaker (for receiving calls)Fast browserLove the 2 direction slider (keyboard, mp3 controls)Brilliant displayCons:Keyboard not ideal if texting frequentlyPrice may not be what some are willing to pay