I got this phone after I gave up my contract with Alltel because of insane fees. I'm using it as an "in between" phone until I decide to sign another contract with someone else. For a pre-paid phone, I'm quite happy. The phone itself has all the basic functions I need and isn't complicated to use. It's compact and light-weight. I can easily fit it in the pocket of my jeans when I don't want to carry a bag--and it has a key lock feature to keep it from dialing while in my pocket.I've had two problems with this phone/service. When I originally activated it, I called my house phone to test it out. The caller ID showed a woman's name who I had never heard of. However, I contacted the customer service and the issue was cleared up within 24 hours. The other problem I've had is with volume control. It took me 15 minutes to find how to set my phone to vibrate instead of ring at the movie theater. Once I figured it out, though, it was no problem. It just isn't listed in the settings as you might expect. It's under ringer volume, instead of a separate setting for vibrate.All in all, no big issues. The phone feels almost like a children's toy in terms of weight, but it's durable. Battery life seems great. It lasts for two or three days, even with me using the phone. Net10's rates for minutes are great, IMHO. I haven't found another company that offers as many minutes for the price that they do. And you get 300 minutes with the phone. You're totally set for 60 days from the second you buy the phone. You have to spend a minimum of $20 every 60 to keep the service. This is nothing compared to your average contract deal. There's even an on-screen display that tells you exactly how many minutes you have left, and how many days of service are left until you need a new card. If you need all the fancy features of a smart phone, this isn't the one for you, but if you're looking for an "in between" phone like I was, or a simple phone for routine tasks, I would recommend this one. Great deal.