Ok, first of all i'm 18, so if you're not around my age this review may not apply to you. i bought this phone the day after christmas. i wanted to upgrade my phone, i had the worst phone ever, the motorola c332. after a couple of months with that free phone i couldn't take it anymore. i could never hear the ringer, the battery died, it was a waste. so anyway i went to the tmobile store. i got there and i saw the motorola v300 (my dream phone). the sales rep told me that they were out of stock and they wouldn't have anymore until january. i didnt wanna wait that long (even though now it's january). so instead i opted for the samsung e105. its a GREAT phone compared to my old c332. i like the flashing corner light. when someone calls or you receive an IM or a text message it's pink instead of green. i think that'd neat. anyway, the ringtones are decent. some are a little annoying, i only like 2 or 3 of them that are preset. i downloaded some wallpapers and some ringtones and everything is fine. the ringer is GREAT! i love it! i can hear it in the car or wherever. however there are a few cons to this phone. i've had this phone for a couple of weeks and the flipping part is a lil flimsy. maybe it's just me, but it's a lil off.. you can't really tell until you look. also, the text messaging SUCKS. the iTap (predictive text) doesn't compare to my old phone. in my old motorola you could type in the word and on the bottom it would list possible words, not like in the samsung. it's either the word or you have to delete the word and enter it in by letter. also theres no side button to ignore calls. theres only a volume adjuster. when someone calls you either have to pick it up and hang up on them or press the down volume button to silent the ringer. OH and theres no easy access to silence the ringer, like in a movie. they have a quick access button for it, but it puts it on vibrate. i can still hear it in the movie theater and in class.All in all it's a good phone, i'd recommend it. However i would rather have the v300, it has a camera and a speaker phone for around the same price. well i hope this helped you out.