Maybe I got a bad one. I had many Nokia phones since 90-s and I am used to Symbian OS (I still use my old 7560 as calculator :), but this phone disappointed me. People say: bad software, great hardware, I disagree: OK soft, bad hardware.- 3.5mm plug is so bad - I tried it with 3 different headphones, and it still did not hold consistently - while sitting still! I heard sound only in one ear most of the time, till I moved the cable plug a bit, then the sound went away again or became uneven. I did not bother unpacking and checking the included headset.- The speech quality is very low - people complained about it each conversation (I had several). On the speakerphone it was even worse. I did hear them OK, with few interruptions. My 6-year-old Siemens phone did much better job under the same conditions with the same connection.- GPS is unresponsive, I tested it few times in a center of a big city. Today I tried to use walking navigation to a store several blocks away, and I was there before the phone responded, actually, it never did that time, I had "Waiting for satellite signal" message or something like that all the way. The same on the way home when I started to navigate from new. Only once in two times testing the phone - each time couple of hours - I had a chance to listen to downloaded "surfer dude" voice instructions (cute), I simply had no patience to wait for minutes.+ It feels good in hand though, and it is conveniently small, and the screen is sharp and pleasant to look at.+ I could operate it with one left hand as I used to (but with small buttons on the touchscreen it is not easy).+ The software is really OK, even the browser is acceptable, no problems with flash video, speed is fine.+ The charging cable is not heavy and soft (why not provide two in one with USB though?)+ Night video was all right (but absence of auto-focus is generally annoying).I bought c6-01 as a secondary small phone for long-distance running with music, for tracking and recording my training (they have a nice ovi-app for that), for free maps and navigation without data plan, because I like to explore unknown areas, and for having an emergency communication possibility - well, what's the point if I cannot listen to my music even staying still and have unreliable GPS?..I hope it may help somebody to avoid time wasting (I am sorry about mine).