First of all, the Samsung phones are nice, but they ALL have a problem with the display not working after about one year.  Just after the warrenty stops.  I would suggest that if you are extra careful when you close your phone, it will probably prolong the life of the display.  But I digress.  I had the previous S105 model and the display went bad about 16 months after I purchased it.  I had the 1000 minute T-Mobile plan for 9 months, and then I dropped down to the $10 cheaper plan for one month, and then went back to the 1000 minute plan for the past 6 months.  When the phone went bad, I asked T-Mobile what they could do, and since the phone was out of warrenty, they offered a new phone which I did not like for $50 out of my pocket.  I had the bright idea that I could order a new phone from Amazon for basically free, and have a replacement Samsung and still come out ahead.  When I went to cancel the current contract, T-Mobile told me that I was still under contract for six months. When I switched back to the 1000 minute plan, it started my contract time all over again.  They wanted to charge me $200 to terminate the contract. I spent 20 minutes complaining to the supervisor, and she offered to reduce the termination fee to $100, which I had to accept since I would be paying for two phones.  Apparently, they consider the 1000 minutes to be a promotional plan, and they had the right in the small print to not give me credit for being a T-Mobile customer for the past 16 months on a 12 month contract.  I have never had this problem with Sprint before and I was very upset that T-Mobile would treat their customers in this way.  I have written a letter to their customer service asking for a refund, but I have had no response to my letter, which is also a major disappointment to me that they could not even acknowledge the they even received my letter.  So if you purchase a T-Mobile phone, DON'T CHANGE YOUR SERVICE or else you will be responsible for a new 12 month contract the second you make the change.  The phone is a great deal, and if you handle your phone carefully, and don't change your service, you will come out ahead.  I fault T-Mobile for NEVER telling me when I made the change in service that a new contract would be starting, and they should be like other carriers that don't care if you change plans as long as you  stay a customer.  Shame on you T-Mobile!