Update: I stand corrected. GreatCalls now uses the Verizon network. They were using Sprint when I first joined. I understand Verizon now has a healthy sized piece of GreatCall. But the service continues to be very good.I've been on the GreatCalls Jitterbug system for about 3 years now and have never once regretted the choice. I've never experienced connection problems, customer service difficulty, or any other problems worth mentioning.The phone, I have the original Jitterbug (that was replaced with the J). It is a bit heavy in the pocket but it's also rugged and durable. I even accidentally drove over it in my pickup. The phone continued to work well. Try that with one of these high tech smart phones!  After over 3 years, I am only now thinking about replacing the battery. A new battery will hold a charge for 90 hours. Mine is now down to 30-40 hours between charges. But it still works. The buttons are large enough for my fingers, the sound is good, and screen quite readable even with my bad eyes.The service has been outstanding. Something that can not be said for most telephone services. GreatCalls uses the Sprint network which has provided me good service even in the New Mexico desert, the Rockie Mountains, and even 30 miles off-shore. I'm a low phone user so 250 minutes lasts me a couple of months. No, the per-minute cost is not the best. But the total monthly cost is as good or better than most I've looked at.I'm not some young kid who needs or wants all the bells & whistles. But neither am I a senior citizen. I'm a middle aged man with no kids at home and who doesn't use my cell phone for business.  I don't need a camera, or internet connection, or an mp3 player. All I wanted was a phone. One that worked well. I got what I asked for at a good price.And no, I haven't been paid to write this review. But a good product/service should be given the credit it's due. If you want a mobile phone that is just a phone. That is good & reliable and you aren't a gabber for hundreds of minutes a week, Jitterbug is the phone for you.