(Update)(Jan 06) Still love the phone, had a issue with the call log dumping after power down. Cingular sent a silent update and all is well. As for the memory card, The 1g Sandisk I ordered, was not DV so back it went. I'm going to buy the 1gb Kingston. The internal memory is very limited, they could have packed in a little more. I bought the plantronics 510 bluetooth, which works great, I hate to talk on my home phone now. I also picked up some "ClearVue" screen protectors and my phone screen looks new again. I sync my nokia via Bluetooth to my Dell 9200 laptop. My pics are transferred automatically when I'm less than 20-30 feet away. I syncronize my enews and ebooks via Mobipocket reader (uses internet on laptop) which saves me data charges. Also I added another program (MDialer)which predicts what phone number or name I'm typing (MS Smartphone has this built in and I liked this feature) for $3.99. I picked up the Sony Ericcson z520a for my wife, the reception is great, but otherwise I hate the phone, the nokia is like Windows XP comapared to DOS. In other words the Nokia is so superior to the z520a.I've had the phone for 4 days now and I love it. Lots of 3rd party software. I gave up my Motorola MPx200 (WM2003rom). I liked my old phone, but no reception. The speakerphone was also very lousy. Comparing it to the MS Smartphone, the Nokia was much easier to use. No more reboots. The phone's quality is excellent, feels a little heavy. but nice. Some people complained about the buttons, I'm 6'2" 225lbs and have pretty big hands and fingers, I have no problems with the buttons. The phone boots up much faster than MS smartphones. The Nokia's speaker phone is plenty loud as compared to the motorola's. I ordered a bluetooth earpiece and 1gb sandisk rs-mmc. I will add more when I recieve them. Battery seems to last a full day. It will probably last longer when I quit playing/installing etc. The only negative so far, I may be wrong, is the games are not as graphically nice like Lynks Golf on the MS Smartphone. Reception is amazing. Finally!