In the past 4 days that I've owned and carried the phone around, it has called 911 7 times while it was locked and in my pocket. When the phone is locked, pressing "0" three times and then confirming that you want to make an emergency call dials 911. What I do not understand is how in the world does the same thing keep happening time after time???? How is it that my pocket not only presses the zero three times, but also confirms that it wants to make the call? This, I think, is a MAJOR flaw of the phone itself because I have owned similar phones (from Nokia) and when they've locked, they've stayed locked.I have tried to put the phone in different positions, different pockets, but nothing has worked. Also, on at least two occasions, the phone opened its browser which used up some of my minutes while it was in my pocket. The only way to stop this robot dialing/button pressing bs is to turn the phone completely off, which I don't want to do as I want to be notified of incoming calls and messages.And the Wifi has not worked no matter what I have tried to do. I tried every suggested thing on the internet: from simple things like scrolling down and entering/saving the password to changing settings and so on, nothing has worked. I have even tried to connect to the open Wifi connection at my work, which my iPod Touch has no problem connecting to, but this phone just will not connect. It keeps giving me the same message: "Disconnected" and "No Response from AP." I have searched those terms and have not found a solution to the problem. I think the problem is that Tracfone has disabled the Wifi feature so that they can have you using your minutes and paying them for it.On a few positive notes, I like the look of the phone and the screen has good resolution and looks sharp. I also like the simple menu layout and the menu controls. However, as others have noted, the buttons are really tiny and close to each other and do get some getting used to.So, even if I do try to get used to the tiny buttons and lack of Wifi, the pocket dialing is just insane and will probably land me in big trouble because it's illegal to keep calling 911 for non-emergency purposes. I think this phone is a huge failure as a phone, no matter how cheap it is.Also, the instruction manual supplied with the phone is very brief and does not explain all the features. I have used Tracfone service for many years and I do like that it saves me money, but this is cost cutting at its very worst and this failure of a phone is on its way back to where it came from. I'm going to try to find a better phone and I'll report on that soon...