I was tricked into selecting this phone by the Alltel Associate who "Assured" me that this model had all the glitches ironed out from the previous model I possessed. I had complained numerous times to Alltel that the sound quality was awful, calls were repeatedly dropped, service was unpredictable.  She told me this new model was MUCH better, I would be very happy with it!I signed a 2 year contract, with 2 new phones/2 lines.  Then I find out Verizon has bought out Alltel. Am I happy?  NO!  This phone is even worse than the previous model.  On average, I have 20-30 dropped calls per billing cycle.  Neither Alltel nor Verizon is willing to do anything about it. It locks me out of my voicemail, so I cannot pick up my messages!  It goes into "roaming" without warning, even when I'm in my local area!My daughter was in a serious vehicle accident less than a month after I got this phone.  Her car skidded down an embankment after a deer collision ... She tried to call me three times, but was unable to get through.  She was able to call me after a passerby let her use his phone, called the EMT's, state police, etc.  I took photos of the vehicle, showed them the dropped calls on my bill, complained about the seriousness of not being able to get help in an emergency! I also explained to them that I had to talk to various medical personnel & had multiple dropped calls while speaking to doctors, orthopedists, physical therapists, etc.  This was very embarrassing & time consuming, as doctors would not immediately return calls, & be unavailable after I seemed to hang up on them!I brought all this to their attention ... "Sorry, we can give you another Razr, & check yours for defects".  Well, "New" Phone/SAME Razr = SAME PROBLEMS!So this is how I have to place my calls:  I find the number I need, turn on the speakerphone, hit talk, & walk around till I hear the dial tone ... & then I stand perfectly still, without moving a muscle, hoping I can complete the call.With a phone like this, WHAT IS THE POINT OF HAVING A CELL PHONE!  Arrrggggg!DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS USELESS PHONE!!!  It will most likely fail you when you need it most!Samsung Hue is a Great phone! That is what my daughter has now & she LOVES IT! :)