Great deal on the minutes, bought for the QWERTY. Nice touch-screen interface. Unfortunately, the upside of this phone is outweighed by problems with texting. In an area deemed by Tracfone as "the best area for reception," the phone began to receive duplicate text messages (hundreds of them) that rendered the phone useless for in/out texting. It is unclear what causes the problem, but possibly texts long enough to trigger splitting them into two. This problem can go on for days and recurs often. Tracfone customer service was unable to fix the problem, after many hours spent on the phone with them. When they "elevate" the call to a specialist who has better capability to provide a solution, the specialist must call back according to an appointment time, which they missed by three hours. After rescheduling, they never called again, and claimed to have no record of the elevation. We attempted to resolve this in three four-plus-hour phone sessions with Tracfone, to no avail. And they never offered or agreed to replace the phone when I suggested that as a solution.Not usually one to complain, but fair warning: This appears to be a problem with this model, since our simple Samsung slider never had these problems. Bought three for the family -- one has had no problems (short texter in a different zip code), one has occasional problems, and the third one (nothing but problems) from the "best area" zip code seems to have finally stopped duplicating and will now allow accumulated texts through after driving out of the zip code. Go figure.Update to review: Son went to college and immediately began to experience the same text problems (used in an "excellent coverage" zone). Spent another 3+ hours with Tracfone customer service (in addition to the 12+ logged hours trying to fix the same problem with my daughter's phone at college - didn't get fixed - and they insisted they had no record of our previous calls, until I read back the transcripts from those calls - long story, but yes I had the whole thing). Tracfone finally agreed to replace our phones but refused to replace my son's with a triple-minute since their system showed him as only having double minutes, instead sending a reconditioned phone that is not even on the list for our zip code. And just today, my daughter began having the same multiple-receipt of same texts again. Such a frustrating experience. Be wary; weigh how dependable you want the phone to be, and verify upon activation that you will indeed receive 3x minutes when you add minutes, or you may be very disappointed. Extremely frustrating experience. Rude customer service.