I have a soft spot for Nokia phones - they have beautiful hardware and work wonderfully as phones (great call quality and reception) but unless you are used to Symbian and Nokia's lack of support run - don't walk - away from Nokia.  I also own a Nexus One and iPad, so I am familiar with the other systms out there.  Even with the Anna update, Symbian is a mess.  After setting this phone up, I wanted to update the version of QuickOffice that comes with it (the included version is read only - it can not edit). Even though the upgrade was purchased through the Ovi Store, it would not install.  I finally got it to install by a time consuming restoring of the phone to it's original state after backing it up, restoring the changes I had made, and updating it again.  This took over two hours to simply install one of the most popular programs for Symbian!  Anna has been available outside the US for months, but between the ineptitude of Nokia and Quickoffice what is a simple task in any modern operating system is a nightmare - and this is the norm in the world of Nokia which explains why they are quickly becoming a relic.  Forget about getting support from Nokia if you have a question - it's not going to happen. Maybe things will be better with their Windows phones, but it's hard to teach an old Finnish Dog new tricks.So why did I give the phone a four star rating?  Well, the build quality is great, the screen is fantastic and once you get to understand it Symbian is a very flexible operating system that lets you do things that you can't do with Android or iOS. It is the complete opposite of modern phones with tons of apps (forget getting even popular ones like Netflix or Pandora on this guy) - it is a small high quality phones that has a few good apps and can be easily carried in your pockets. If I wanted to use a tablet I would. It is also inexpensive, and if you are a TMobile user who has tzones this will work with it in both edge and 3g unlike most newer phones that will require you to get an expensive data plan.In summary, if you want a relatively inexpensive phone with good call quality and the ability to use it world wide on any GSM system this is the way to go. Just understand that dealing with Symbian and the truely wretched support and software that is Nokia and Symbian has been known to drive people insane!