The LT15A Xperia Arc (Anzu) is simply amazing, this 1GHz single core processor holds its own against many of the current dual cores out there, even beating the SG SII in some areas. Its construction feels rock solid, and there are plenty of after market cases, accessories and mods on the internet for very cheap.There is however some bad news, the stock Sony apps and Sony bloatware weigh the handset down immensely. Your apps, the ones you actually want to run, are constantly competing for system resources with the stock Sony apps which are constantly running in the background, needlessly hogging resources and gobbling up precious battery life. The Sony apps for the most part are not removable, and insist on residing in the tiny phone memory as opposed to the massive SD card, making life a constant battle to keep enough room free for daily operations.Luckily there is also some good news, there is a replacement Android firmware called Cyanogenmod that is offered for free. Cyanogenmod replaces the stock Sony Android system, allowing you total control over the apps and many other previously restricted customization features. The catch is that you must unlock the handset's bootloader, thus voiding the warranty from the manufacturer. If you plan to do this, it is a good idea to wait a few months at least until you're reasonable satisfied you didn't receive a lemon. It is also recommended that you have a moderate level of technical expertise to perform this operation, as if not you may end up rendering your handset inoperable while in the process of voiding your warranty.I literally hated this handset until I removed the Sony software, the Sony apps were so intrusive, obnoxious and persistent, it made me want to chuck it out the window on more than one occasion. After installing Cyanogenmod, the Arc went from being a mediocre and mildly frustrating smartphone to full fledged superphone. Apps that used to take thirty seconds to open now take ten. There is so much space on the internal handset memory I can load it up with all my most frequently used programs for faster access. The battery lasts many hours longer on standby, and can now sustain heavy internet use all day instead of just half a day as it did before.To sum it all up, if you're someone who isn't interested in heavy customization and just wants a smartphone that works smoothly out of the box, buy an iPhone or a BB. However if you are someone who is interested in a pocket sized supercomputer and doesn't mind a bit of hassle to get it up and running properly, the Xperia Arc is an excellent choice.