I am in between smartphones (Google Nexus 4 is on backorder for weeks and I need something to tide me over until I get it). I got this in the mail a few days ago, and I LOVE it!!! The user interface is pretty intuitive and incredibly responsive. After smartphone touchscreens, it is so refreshing to press real buttons and to have INSTANTANEOUS response from the UI, be it launching the address book or locking the keys or similar. Yes the manual is pretty useless but you don't need it. Also, some a lot of the more "advanced" functions (e.g. taking pictures or playing music) require an sd card to be installed. But why would you need those functions anyway, in this kind of phone.The many COOL things about this VERY COOL phone are:1) Yellow and black color - VERY COOL, you'll spot it across the room, plus you might get STUNG BY BEES!!2) Battery lasts FOREVER (well at least compared to a smartphone)3) Unlocked GSM phone - if you have a GSM provider (eg T-mobile) you just pop in the sim card from your old phone and it works.4) It takes TWO sim cards, presumably for international travel. It looks like it can log into two networks at the same time, using two different sim cards (you can see the network status of each sim card on the home screen). Amazing, huh? Of course I don't need it, I'll probably never again be able to afford international travel. But it's there so I can brag about it!5) IT HAS AN EXTENSIBLE ANTENNA. Yes. A very long chrome antenna that you pull out -- it rotates and tilts! Pull it out at a bar! Men AND women will throw themselves at you. Of course the main purpose of the antenna is FM radio. Did I mention you can listen to FM radio on this thing? Could be useful in natural disasters! Or when the Chinese bring down the interweb. Also, an FYI, this little guy can even RECORD live radio, if you install an SD card.6) It looks VERY hip. Small and light and feels ANALOG (very "in" now, as you know. though of course it's digital).7) It does not do email or picture messaging. Could be a good thing. Again, very hip.8) It charges with a standard micro-USB connector.9) I had it in my hands overnight for about thirty five bucks. What a thrill, ladies and gentlemen. For the price you wouldn't expect it to do much, but at least half of this stuff ACTUALLY WORKS!!Get it. It could be your backup phone if you're on a GSM network. Or, if you are truly hip, please use it as your main phone. I would have A LOT of respect for you.