I am not going to go much into reviewing the phone itself; many sites (such as Engadget) have very informative reviews on the phone. What I'll say is: it is an overall good solid phone, with a sturdy, stylish and minimalist construction from HTC, much like its other recent phones. Has a 4 inch Super LCD screen, which I think is the optimal size for a smartphone and the quality is very good. The hardware specs are good but not stellar, has a single core Qualcomm 1 GHz CPU and Adreno 205 graphics, which are kind of standard in higher end smartphones now, but they are very sufficient for most daily and casual gaming needs.Has the new HTC Sense interface, fluent and does not lag (unlike my original Incredible prior to Froyo update). By the way comes loaded with Android 2.2.1 (Froyo), but it is said that 2.3.3 update (Gingerbread) is currently rolling out, while I have not received it yet. I haven't used it very thoroughly yet, but battery life seems very good, it is said it can go 2 days with light usage. One thing I really noticed and liked is the camera quality, 8 MP camera does a really good job, e.g. takes good photos in low light conditions, unlike many other phone cameras.I bought phone from FGS Trading, didn't have any problems with shipping. Phone appears to be brand new; the corners of the box were a bit worn, also it came with a UK/Hong Kong AC adapter, but they did throw in an extra European-to-US plug adapter, which is of course useless. It also includes a pair of headphones with microphone, an 8 gb SD card and of course the micro USB cable.The phone language was initially Chinese, there are a total of 3 options, 2 Chinese ones and English (Hong Kong), though it does not seem any different from US English. However as in other HTC phones, it includes numerous languages for keyboard and typing prediction. The phone worked with T-Mobile in the US, I think the 3G connection also works. Overall I am satisfied with the phone and my purchase from FGS Trading, the only dissatisfaction being the AC adapter.