Just because this phone (Tmobile comet) is prepaid does not mean that it is unlocked (able to use a different sim card)! Tmobile officially will give the unlock code if certain conditions are met, but my practical experience with them, and I saw reflections of this on the web, is that it doesn't happen so easily. After wasting hours (I think without exaggeration) trying to get the unlock code from them, I gave up on dealing with them, and I resorted to unlocking services online. The cheaper services aren't able to unlock it - [one of them charged me, and claimed that they would reimburse me, did not give me back the money until I was about to report them to paypal, then a message popped up that they would immediately give me back the money - no questions asked - and they did!]. Finally for about $20 I was able to unlock it with cellunlocker.net but it took them I think around 4 days to get me the code (but it was over the weekend).The phone works nicely, except of course as mentioned by many before the camera isn't very good - the objects appear remote and it doesn't capture their details - [and that's why I only rated the phone a 4 because I think that nowadays a camera is kind of integral to a good phone], and although it works smoothly, I'm kind of disappointed with android 2.2 and the apps (e.g. a song that you have in the regular music app. can not be sent via bluetooth! - on the web I saw people trying to figure that out. there are however other apps. that let you), I was expecting it to be a more computer like operating system, where I can find all my files and songs etc., but it doesn't work that way, you can just use apps.. Hopefully they'll improve in the near future. From what I understand this phone has almost all the functions, capabilities, and features as the other smartphones that are being sold for much much more, so it is kind of a service (of course very soon with the growing markets I'm sure all the prices are going to come down). [but this is not the fault of the phone, the phone does what it's supposed to very well (except for the camera, and for the unlock problem) so I did not rate it less for this].Great blessings of Na Nach Nachma Nachman MeUman!