Bought this handset after much deliberation; nearly 3 months of comparison with competing android and windows 7 handsets. Owned a Nokia E63 before which was a great phone to begin with. Especially when you consider that I didnt want to be bound to AT&T; contract and still wanted to use the free wifi at home and work.Turns out my decision to buy this phone was right! The handset itself is light but very very solidly built. The touch interface feels very smooth. The buttons actually depress down when touched and this is very useful to know that the handset received your input. The phone is jam packed with features; which anybody can look up on the net. I will tell you what it means for me most.The phone has excellent connectivity. The moment you switch it on it will ask if you want to copy the contacts from your old phone via bluetooth. Did that and it probably took about a minute and half to transfer 350+ contact, my entire calendar. Email set up is easy. Settings are very intuitive to use especially more if you come from a symbian background. But i would expect anybody to understand it as easily as me since I am not a mobile technoguru or anything. The handset has three desktop like screens which you can customize with applications of your choice. Mine has my email accounts, to do lists, frequently called contacts etc and let me tell you it is a wonderful experience. The camera takes awesome pictures and videos. Sound from this set is loud and I mean loud but not tinny like other handsets. It is a pleasure to listen to.The phone can take a couple of seconds to switch from portrait to landscape modes but that does not happen frequently and definitely does not hamper the user experience. The phone comes with a headset with adapters for specific ear types; an HDMI cable; a USB cable and one more USB connector. The battery holds charge for about 1.5 days and this is after extensive usage with wifi, camera and playing around. I would expect it to hold charge later too and will update again at a later date.Overall, for anybody looking for a feature rich phone at an affordable price, you can not go wrong with the N8. Recommend it without any hesitation whatsoever.