Okay let me start from the begining...I picked this phone from researching it and at first I loved the phone. The internet wasn't that bad (remember this isn't a high tech smartphone). The texting was okay it sucks that it didn't have threaded messaging like the iphone ect.  The touch isn't that bad and it works fine. Over all, I loved it...at first. I should also mention I am 20 years old so I really use my phone :PHere's the real facts after owning it for a few months:You get sick and tired of this phone and the little glitches get on your nerves after a while. Imagine it like when you go to work and the person keeps leaving paperballs on your table and chairs. At first you think its okay, but after having to clean up after the person you just want to snap and yell at the person.Texting:-The keyboard is slow and you really have to push the keys down or it won't go through.-Everytime you text to many text you have to turn it off and on and wait for a minute to be able to send messages again. This WILL happen. You might think "Oh that's not that bad" after a year you get really impatient especially when you when you have to wait to continue or start a conversation. And, especially when you want to continue an important conversation-The texting lags, if you want to know what I mean you will be messaging real fast after using your qwert keyboard and then you realize your phone can't keep up. Which brings us back to-You really have to push the keys down.Lighting:-The screen isn't that bad. It's really decent. INSIDE.-When you are out in the sunlight you can barely see the screen so you have to go in the darkness in order to get to the screen.Battery:-The battery is lousy-The battery gets worse over time-The standby time is fine, but when you want to use the internet and text the phone will die within four hours.-Not to mention you can only talk on the phone for 3 hours or less before it tells you low battery.Phone Calls:-There's not problem with phone calls besides the obvious fact that has to do with your carrier (mine is at&t;).Internet:-It's not a smart phone so you can't expect everything to go fine, but for a non-smart phone its good.-The internet is fast and decent-You cannot compare this to a smart phone like an iphone or a droid without making this phone look like dustOver allMy plan ends in June and I can't wait to get a droid or iphone. If you can deal with the texting issue and the battery and the internet isn't that great. That's fine.