I have owned my Droid Eris for just over one year now. I was excited when I first got it, this was my first smartphone and was filled with features. After about a week and a half however, I realized that the price per month would not be worth what I got from the phone... and with the full intention of returning the phone within Verizon's 30 day offer, I dropped the phone and cracked it. It was still completely functional with one crack, but unable to be returned.I have now had this phone for a full year, and it has been a year of pain. Excruciating pain in fact over the past few days, which is why I am trying a Blackberry. Let's go back to right after I put the crack in this phone's screen. I called Verizon, who asked if I had the warrantee. I did not. They told me to call HTC. After to speaking with HTC, they asked if I had the warrantee. Again, I didn't. They told me to call Verizon.This made me really mad. Finally, I went into the Verizon store where I bought the phone, where they told me they could replace the phone for a price... higher than what I paid for the first phone! I said forget it, and overlooked the crack for the past year.RECENTLY, my phone started acting up. First, certain keys on the touch screen keyboard didn't work. Some were near the crack, so I assumed it was because I dropped it, and rotated the phone to get to the keys I needed. Then it started to zoom out every time I touched the screen, and more keys stopped working. If I shut the phone off however and turned it back on most features acting out would return to normal.This got annoying fast, so I ordered a replacement screen for $35. I got the screen, and was told that I needed to buy a special screwdriver, soft pry tool, and clear glue. I'm done. This phone has been too much of a problem recently. I'll have fun throwing this at a brick wall.The phone was nice the first week, but the novelty of new wore off fast, and after a year I realized this is a rather cheap phone. There are better phones out there. This is not one of them.