This phone was purchased for a Amazon Account holder's family member, that reports as follows:  Good phone.  Its screen is fairly compact, so it isn't an optimal for movies or games, and the keypad takes a little more attention, but for someone that is looking for mostly calling and text, and some internet use, its a very viable size-efficient option. Its reported durability should be a plus, but it's probably not a good idea to submerge it in water. It's working well with a Straight Talk Unlimited Plan ($45/month) SIM card installed, as well a 16 GB micro SD card.  The Straight Talk is actually working with the AT&T; system.  It has help reduce my cell phone bill by approximately 60+%.  Its not quite as intuitive as the iPhone-type devices, but its not overly difficult, you just need to spend a little time familiarizing yourself with the Android system.  The camera is decent, with some exposure options, and has a flash.  It also has a forward facing camera so video chat is also possible (something that doesn't appear overly common on a phone in this price range).  This phone however is intended for the foreign/Euro markets, so it comes with some Euro/French? related apps/software installed, that thus far I haven't been able to figure out how to uninstall/delete.  However, you simply don't use those functions...they're only real draw back is they take up some of the limited memory (you probably won't be able to load hundreds of apps on this phone).  Some of the spelling is also formal proper UK-English, not American English...not a major issue.  The there also wasn't a manual in the box, but it is easily downloaded from Motorola.  Also, its not as lightning quick as a super high end phone, but the pause is only a brief second or two, if that matters to you.So overall:Pros: Alot of feature for the $$, durable (so far), compact, works well with a Straight Talk Sim Card, and an expansion micro SD slot.Cons: A little less intuitive, comes with Euro software, few/no on-the-shelf accessories...cases/screen shields, etc. will need to be ordered.If you're looking for a good, affordable phone (not a video game or entertainment system), and want to get away from being locked into the expensive 2 year contract cycle, this phone might work for you.  It will probably pay for itself within a 2-3 months.