Tired of paying $100+ for my phone service, there wasn't a better time for me to see a commercial on TV about Straight Talk's $45 unlimited plan. Right away, I went on my computer and researched a bit more about it. I always do my homework and not one to jump into something that's sounds too good to be true. The reviews seemed great, even YouTube videos from users demonstrating that it really is a full featured service with nothing cut or sacrificed. So I decided to take a plunge. Ordered up the unlimited $45 plan along with the best phone, the Nokia E71. After receiving my phone. I ported my number to Straight Talk. Everything went smoothly, within a few hours I had my number on Straight Talk. I started using my new phone and immediately felt alienated by the super counterintuitive and ridiculously antiqued interface of the Nokia E71. The menus, the submenus, and submenus thereof are just a complete opposite of the simple, clean interface of the blackberry 8900 I had previously. I decided, to stick it out and give it a thorough effort. In the next few days, I pretty much mastered the Nokia interface, and even though it is still very annoying, I pretty much got the hang of it. In the next few days of usage, I noticed that the call quality is worse than with my previous service. I had a few dropped calls, that I have never experienced before, And finally I realized that the phone was not able to make and receive calls at all while showing full signal strength. I rebooted the phone. It helped. Two days later it happened again. All of a sudden my web service went out while browsing. I tried making a call. Nothing! this is with full 3G strength. I rebooted the phone. And after it rebooted I had two voice mails. Both were left and hour prior and a half hour prior. During this whole time, I haven't' received any calls  and my service was showing full strength signal. After all this, the old adage "you get what you pay for" doesn't ring more true than in this case. I've had enough. I placed a call to my old carrier and ported my number back. This Straight Talk deal only sounds Straight. But in reality there is nothing straight about it. You end up being tossed around between the times that your service actually works and the times that you think it works but it actually doesn't