FIRST, PLEASE NOTE:  I am not a professional with the smart phone.  In fact, my 9 year old granddaughter could probably show me more about my phone than I could ever figure out.  So if you are looking for a professional review... skip this one.I am a Samsung girl through and through.  My past phone was a Samsung Captivate and I loved this phone. Then... when it was time for an update, I decided to go for the Samsung Galaxy S3.  WOW!Of course, I checked out the reviews and one of the cons I kept reading about was the "plasticky case".  I love the phone appearance, weight, feel.  I see absolutely nothing wrong with the case and it has a great, sleek design.  Feels good in my hand.The screen is wonderful and I like the nature sounds and backgrounds.  Of course, I added my own touch to everything. The huge screen and beautiful graphics are a plus!The apps are easy to use and I am easily becoming attached to the S Voice.The speed is wonderful!  Uploading and downloading are really fast!  Much more so than with my old Captivate.Went to a HS Reunion and used the phone for video.  Great movies!  Great quality!  Much more so than the former phone.  Has flash for photos.  Love that I can have face to face time with my grands in another state!  Great quality!My daughter has the Samsung Galaxy S2 and as we sit side by side, she is more and more impressed by the extras on my phone.Call quality is superb!  No dropped calls.  No probs with having to move around and hold the phone just right so I can be heard on other end.The battery life is pretty decent!  I can use it all day and come home and place on charger before I go to bed.Loving this phone and hopefully this will help others in selecting their future android!7/18/13 - Today, I am just as pleased with this phone as I was a year ago!  In fact, probably more so!  I have customized my phone specifically for my needs and I love that it still works and looks like it did the day I purchased it.  My battery is still working great as well!  I have found a few fun things more that I can do with my phone and am very dependent on it.A great match for this phone in the way of a case is the Speck Candyshell case.  I have the white/raspberry and the white/purple.  Perfect fit!~