Fast shipping, ordered it on Saturday morning and had it at my door Monday morning!Brand new, non gray market, factory sealed box, with all the peripherals and the included car charger.The battery does go fast, but I ordered two spares and a portable charger to remedy that.I was a long time Verizon customer (22 years to be exact). Since Verizon has no long term loyalty, I went to where someone does, Boost. I'm really digging this no contract thing.My number ported within an hour or so, I was up and running in no time.I really like the size and weight of this phone. It really is very slim and light, great for the pocket. Not a lot of bloat ware. Great auto focus camera and flash also.If you are not a heavy user like me and don't need the most powerful phone out there, I think you will be quite pleased with this phone.I have had no problems with the phone at all. If I do, I will update this post.I do have an issue with Boost however. It seems that no taxes or fees does not apply to state sales tax. OK, I get it, I pay state tax on top of the unlimited monthly fee, but Boost has charged me $2.00 over and above my state sales tax and can't seem to tell me why. I have now inquired three times and still have no answer. All they tell me is, I have to pay state tax on the time I buy, I know, but what is the extra two dollars of absolutely no extra fees for? When I get an answer I will update.Update: After approximately one month of use, I really like this phone and the service. The phone has performed flawlessly.Update:  I have been with Boost for three months now.  I love the service and have had absolutely no problems. I use prepaid cards and do not get charged any taxes or extra fees.  In fact, the cards I buy cost about a dollar and a half less then face value, but charge up the service the face value amount.  As stated, I am very pleased with the phone and Boost service.Update: June 6th 2012. I just went to Pincheap to charge up my Boost account. When I got to the site, there was a notice that Boost was no longer giving Pincheap a discount.  The refills from Pincheap for Boost mobile are now at face value, no more discounts.  They still do not have any extra fees attached to them which is good.