I'm new to the world of smart phones, and I wanted an inexpensive way (cost about $135 at Amazon) to see if I even wanted to have one. And whether I could get by without a $100 monthly bill. Where I live only the Verizon system offers decent service. I didn't realize it, but you need to figure on buying a micro SDHC card, or this phone is pretty useless - like no camera function. Added about $28 to the cost for 32 gigs.So why do I give it only a 3? It works right away and that's a big plus. As a phone, it won't download my contacts to my 2013 Lexus, and the bluetooth connection keeps flipping on and off. But it has never cut off while I was talking. For very brief intervals I am unable to initiate a call or receive one. The manual is a .pdf only, and that is often not much help. The manual itself doesn't seem to describe my phone and its functions, it's more like it's for a series of phones and often not for mine. The Android manual for this software version is equally general but sometimes helpful. The phone keeps asking me which "switch off" option I want to select, and I have to keep pressing the "go back one step" icon to not switch off. Stays on when it's connected to the car. It's very unstable in Google Maps, and won't let me enter a destination with the onscreen keyboard. But the pull out physical keyboard does better.Page Plus (PP) service has been excellent and very inexpensive compared to Verizon. It's hard to figure out how to set up their service, but they have a reseller called Kitty Wireless which is fantastic. They walk you through the whole intricate process online. PP offers only prepaid service, but you can set it up with automatic renewals through Kitty that let's you dispense with the need to buy PIN cards each month. So it seems like a contract service, with the plus that you can't unknowingly run over your plan limits and can also terminate anytime.I am still learning the phone, so maybe I'll like it better in time. Otherwise, I'll wait till a later model phone is available at a reasonable price, and that works with PP.