I'll make this review fairly brief, only mentioning the major pluses and minuses.Pros:* The Samsung S390G is the best Tracfone I've ever had and I've been using Tracfone for years. My wife and I now both have one.* The screen is nice and basic functions are fast.* Size, weight, and battery life are very good.* Wi-Fi enables browser use without using up minutes/units, but I don't know how one could stand using the web browser on this phone except in emergencies. One nice thing I do like about it is that I can now check the weather radar when I'm out, but I'd never use it for "normal" browsing.* No complaints about sound quality like with other Tracfones I've had.* I was able to transfer my phone number, minutes, and service days from my old Tracfone to the S390G using the Tracfone website.* Cheap: The cost for me with Tracfone comes out to less than $8/month on average, including all taxes, fees, and phone costs (all prepaid).Cons:* MAJOR: Minus 1.5 stars for not being able to change the right soft key from being the 'Browser'. It's too easy to accidentally press it and waste minutes. I worry about it accidentally getting pressed and the phone staying in the browser for a long period of time. My wife complains about this too. It's really unfortunate because otherwise I'd probably rate this phone 5 stars for what it is (a good voice & texting phone).* Too easy to press space bar and get the ". " instead of just a space. I think it's too sensitive. If you have this problem, try quickly pressing the space bar on the side instead of the center. If you hold it down longer, it inserts a period then a space. This is suppose to be a time saver but I find it more annoying that anything else.* My phone seems to have turned off by itself at least two times. My wife, who has had this phone longer than I, said the same thing happened to her when she first got it, but it doesn't happen anymore. For now, I'll assume that this is some automated update process and that this behavior will stop (I'm fairly certain that it wasn't due a low battery condition). If this behavior doesn't stop, then I'll update this review. If you know more about this, then please comment.Overall, 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4.UPDATE 2013-06-30: I'm knocking .5 stars off because these phones make it too easy to call 911 by accident. Both my wife and I have locked our phones, but they have still called 911 on several occasions... we get a call back saying to lock our phones to prevent this, but locking them doesn't work as they still allow 911 calls.