For under $300, this phone provides all the functionality that you would need in a communications device with speed and elegance.The OS is fast, fluid, and very energy efficient. Once you get the hang of the OS, there is no friction with what you want to do with the phone. More importantly for me, the phone lasts about a week between recharges for the kind of light usage I put on it.The product pictures, which somehow show the phone as a large generic lump of plastic do not do justice. In person, the phone is relatively small with subdued but elegant looks. Although parts of the phone are made of plastic, it exudes such good build-quality that you feel content about your purchase. The IPS screen very good, even when compared to an AMOLED screen.All said, you should interpret this review in the context of using the phone as a communications device and not as a general purpose computing device. What I mean by communication functions are voice, messaging, email, Internet, GPS Navigation, and Social Network access. The 701 does all these with flying colors.For the latter purpose, it may not compete well with the likes of beefed up phone-computers such as Samsung Galaxy II with their quad core Cpus, 5" screens, and 4-hour battery life. Or with the so called ecosystem devices that give you access to millions of Apps most of which try poorly to replicate functionality of a PC that most people have easy access to.I switched to the 701 from an Android device which is inferior in about every aspect except the size of its App store. On top of that, with the help of Android, Google spied on me, collecting data about anything and everything I did while connected to the Internet. The CarrierIQ fiasco just added insult to injury.Currently the 701 is ranked practically the last in unlocked Phones category at Amazon. The top 100 in this category includes many outdated Blackberry and Android phones at maybe slightly cheaper prices. That is just laughable and shows how much perception and reality are misaligned in this product category.Finally, as with all complex electronic devices, except maybe with magical ones, you have to be patient initially and spend the time and effort to learn it. For example, after the initial boot, the 701 behaved erratically, until I rebooted it. I did not get the unbelievable battery life until configured all the appropriate settings. If you expect that you will turn on this device and start using it right away with everything to your satisfaction, you may be disappointed. Only a magical device can achieve such a feat, for which you would have to pay through the nose.