Problem:This phone was sold as NEW and unlocked and we received it promptly after the Sept. 13th order fulfillment.On Oct 24th, the Phone failed completely.  It would not re-start with soft and hard reset.  It continued to be locked up completely with unresponsive touch on a fully energized main screen (the first "unlock" display present and waiting).  The unit was taken to a local Apple Store (while we were traveling, Tampa Florida) and the Apple service agent checked the Apple database to discover that the unit was out of their one year warranty period by about 2 months.This phone also exhibited minor problems in use:  Screen colors were tinted slightly orange; Apple locator on Google Maps had trouble locating the unit.  We were willing to "pass" on these performance issues, but not now with a "dead" locked phone.  When we took this phone to the Apple store, the technician also noted that the red water damage indicator had gone off.  In the 6 weeks we had the phone, it was never in more water than the ambient humidity which further suggests to us that the "new" phone we purchased was indeed a used unit. The Apple Technicians will not go any further with service at this time.  We have a dead unit.Request:A request for a refund in full has been made, via Amazon communications to the company (The OEM Planet) or possibly a replacement unit.  Our problem is that they have simply sent a "boiler plate" return form, but the form clearly states a 30 day return policy.... there is no mention of what they will actually honor beyond the 30 day period (our case), and so we are presently stuck.  We don't seem to have a true email address by which to continue a dialog with this company.In summary: we were sold a supposedly NEW iPhone 3GS, but all internal appearances are that this phone was never really NEW, but rather an used phone albeit with excellent outward appearance.If Amazon or The OEM Planet wishes to they can reference communications:The OEM Planet - Amazon Marketplace  [...]