I purchased two of these phones two years ago, since it was the only Android prepaid phone I could find under $200 (all others at the time without a contract were outrageously priced at $500+ and in my opinion still aren't worth $500+). I paid $150. Once I started using the first one I bought for me, my wife used it a few times and well I had to buy a second. We've never had a problem with either phone.The phone (calls) works well and I've not really had a problem with reception and have never had a dropped call. The speaker phone is okay. It isn't the most powerful I've owned, but it good enough for most situations.Browsing the internet on wifi is quite good, but not as fast as newer phones. 3G was good while I had it, but AT&T; dropped their prepaid by-the-KB plan, so I haven't used it since (year or so). When traveling, wifi hot spots are so prevalent today (hotels, restaurants, etc.), I found 3G was not really necessary (convenient yes, but not enough to warrant the current cost). If you are impatient and have to have the latest smartphone, this isn't the phone for you.The screen is responsive and provides good display quality, including watching movies.Each has been dropped multiple times, and aside from the small dings in the case, they function as the day we bought them.The GPS works, although I haven't used it a lot. Just a few times to get my bearing in new locations or the outdoors/woods.Phone memory is limited, so the app quantity is limited, but I bought it for basic Android functionality, and it has exceeded all my expectations (Angry Birds works well on this phone). I don't update to the latest versions of applications and memory capacity is fine (newer versions of things like Maps are 10-15MB vs. 3MB). As I didn't really see any value while using the updated versions, I uninstalled the updates and kept the base versions.The camera takes decent pictures, and when there isn't another camera available, the quality is acceptable (just understand you aren't going to be making high quality large prints, but will get high quality small prints). It's much better than missing the picture in a pinch.