Ive been using this cell phone for 2 months and Ive been having some pros and cons with this cell phone:Pros:OS - You can manage your files as you desire, delete, download, and many other things.Unlocked - really good thing its unlocked and you can use it with ANY company in the world with no problems. This is one of the reasons I bought this phone.HDMI - Amazing to view the images directly on TV and the details are really nice, but I dont use much this part.Camera - The best camera you can get in a phone and the big screen is great to deal with the photos. Also, the picture manager is very good to crop and change your photos.Solid - the phone is very solid, beautiful, I prefer much more the dark gray version.GPS - its great to have GPS in a cell phone, it gives the name and number of where you are or where you are looking for.Multitasking - REAL MULTITASKING, you can leave your application opened and do other things and get back to that download you were doing.Cons:OS - Good and bad... Very unstable and a little bit hard to use. As an ipod user, I feel that iphone has a much nicer and fast OS than N8. There are many apps for N8, but lets face it, iphone is much better in this part. Also, I really feel that this phone is slow and the interface really doesnt help most times. Photos disapear when I connect N8 to my computer.Texting - texting IS HORRIBLE in this phone. Seriously, I always make mistakes since N8 is not very responsive and the space bar is TOO much close the letter N. Also, you dont have QWERTY in straight position, so you gotta change it to horizontal, which is a pain sometimes when you wanna do things fast.GPS - its good and bad. Sometimes it changes de language for no reason.Reset - During calls my phone resetsOverall, I think its a good phone. The price is OK, quality is good, but Nokia did a bad thing with going to Windows OS for their phones. How is it gonna be for us that use Symbian? Are we goona be left aside and see other Nokia phones with Windows get all the improvements?