The PV300G is a pretty good phone, with a few minor flaws. First of all, the "sidekick" feature on the phone is great, and texting is very convenient and fast. This phone may be a different experience for some,however. It's not a touchscreen, and you have to use the little gray ball on the side of the phone to click things instead of your fingers. It would be a little faster if you could use your fingers, but for me, using the trackball wasn't too much of a problem. The main feature of this phone is texting, and the main menu has 2 menus for it. It's user friendly, except you can sometimes forget how to access the settings menu, which is the upper left button. All the basic settings are easy to operate and change, like the trackball speed, and sound profiles.The only few cons in the phone is that you can't set a song as your ringtone. My ringtone on my previous phone was always "Day Tripper" by the Beatles. Here, it was hard to find out how to change the ringtone in the first place, unless you go through all the settings. Then, once you get to the ringtone menu in sound profiles, you have to choose from one of the weird ringtones that the phone has provided for you. I can't say that they're the best, and some of them are pretty bad. If you want a good ringtone, choose "fatcat".The second con I have is the games and the internet connectivity. The default game that was stored on this phone for me was "Bob's World, LAKE OF DOOM!!". It's a pretty corny platformer game, with this ball just bouncing around the screen. I couldn't figure out the controls. I had "Opera mini" browser on this phone, and I couldn't connect to the internet very well. Also, you can't check your email.In general, this is a pretty good phone.Best for people who love texting To sum it up:Prosgood user friendlinessawesome texting featuresorganized/easy to operate settingsConsBad choice of gamesBad ringtone selectionCan't check your e-mail,not so good internet connectivityA few settings that you can't find without extra experimentation.Hope you liked this review!