Following is my experiece with E63. I know specs very well before deciding to purchase, so i know what i m going to get in this price.First of all I wanted E71 and waited for few months but price did not dropped as expected. Then i checked my usage and found that i m not at all using 3G as most of the place i have wifi available. GPS i already have in CAR. So why to shell 140+ buck over just 2 fetaurs...which i m not goig to use. So this is totally my own requirement based decision. Now more regarding pros and cons:- Phone is blesing fast(same as E71) No compromise in speed even cheapear then E71.- As whole world know 3.2MP in E71 or 2MP E63 both are crappy. As most of the time business ppls don't mind this.- Productivity softwares are limited, but who cares, on Symbian everything available.- wifi and bluetooth works greate, without any glitch.- Sound quality is more then good enough. But don't compare it with any music/walkman series phone... as this phone's usage is different.- Display is crystal clear. In full sunlight also i can read even smallest character without efforts.- Keypad: initially i thought it's very small keys...but in just 5 minutes i can type very fast without much mistakes. It's really good one.- U can use your own choice of headphone. One came with bundle is just formality in package.- Nokia missed a USB cable. I am sure it will not cost them 3 to 5 bucks to give with bundle. Anyways i ordered from Amazon in just 2.5 $ + around 3 $ shipping :) instead of 29.5 $ on Nokia site.- Next most important thing is fancy Colors. All E series should be available in minimum Black or Dark grey colors. I opted for Blue one :(.- Browser requires some more improvements. Web pages without mobile specific version some time not displayed properly. Speed is good enough.- Build quality is rock solid. No voice of lose plastics. Even you don;t feel it's made up from plastic.Again selection of buying this one is just my intended usage based. Also i specifically does not want a touch screen due to i never take care of this gadgets. One more biased thing is that i have never used phone other then Nokia. I can't leave without nokia in my pocket.Hope this will help you and thanks Amazon for creating such trusted  & reliable market place, which provides merchandises at rock bottom prices.