First, let me say that I am not a techy person and I use my Kindle Fire with my ATT data plan.  I didn't want a smart phone.  Something went wrong with my ATT LG and I was still under contract with ATT so I came here to find an unlocked replacement.  First I bought the Pantec P7040 Link.  I was very disappointed with this phone, so many things that it couldn't do (see review of it elsewhere)  But I just thought I'd suck it up until I could get another freebie with ATT.  Luckily, the port was messed up so it became very difficult to charge only three weeks after I bought it and I was able to return it.  Then I bought this phone to replace it.  So many good things about it.  The phone book is better than any phone I have owned. For example,if you accidentally miss pressing the first digit that you are calling but hit the next 3 or 4 digits, it pulls up and lists ANY number that has those 3 or 4 digits in a row.  All of my other phones just would read "No such contact" or something to the like and you had to reenter the number.  This phone was very easy to pair with the Sync feature in my Ford Escape, works great.  The alarm function is much better than any others I've had too.  The Pantec would only allow me to set a certain time alarm for "Once", "Mon - Fri" "Fri-Sun" or "Everyday".  I work M, W, Th and get up at 4:00 a.m. so this was a serious limitation for me.  This phone can be customized very easily.  It is also of putting out the LOUDEST alarm that I have ever heard.  I am a very light sleeper.  So light that I wear earplugs and have a noise machine cranked up so I can't hear a pin drop.  This works great but some phones aren't loud enough to overpower the loud noise and my blocked ears.  This one does it easily.  Shortcuts work well.  Messaging is easy.  I will say that the one downside is that the buttons are very small.  This doesn't matter to me since I am very small, but a larger person may have trouble with the keys.If you don't care about all the bells and whistles of the smart phones and just want a very good phone with pretty good features that are easy to use for little money, this one is for you.  I love it.  If ATT offered me another phone for free right now to re-up with them, I would decline.