Nokia can sometimes be like Toyota - they build a model, then they improve on it. This is the case with the E63 as a successor to the E71 and E61. Cheaper and better. Period.There are a number of arguments for this - no metal case (plastic, here. But hard plastic...); camera isn't something to write home about - but then neither is the previous one.Anyway - who asked for a high-end camera in an efficient business phone? Someone who from Enron that moved to AIG? Gimme a break.Getting back to my starting point - the E61 is a great phone (it still works, after three years, three deep dives & umpteen kocks and drops) which the E71 improved upon - the improvement being that you can no longer buy the E61 but the E71 gave you the same capabilities in a better-looking package.And this is where I get to why I actually like the E63 - it is like the E61 even though it don't got the E71 nifty metal frame, and it's much cheaper, and it still has a great battery life. And because I can't get my hands on another E61 any more. Shame on Nokia.I probaly do not need to make the point but I will - all of the above phones give you document, spreadsheet and .pdf capability. I wrote and sent documents on letterhead from under the beach umbrella on all. I hated my phone bill later (and my lack of patience to use the laptop on a wi-fi hotel link). Then again - all of these Nokias have wi-fi capability - which is a lot more than you can say about a lot more of the competition. And that makes the guilty feeling all the worse.I must pay (lip) service to the competition:1. Aplle i-phone has no battery life which you can't replace and is not a business phone. Please - it's a phun phone.2. Blackberry will give you all of the above, excepting battery life like the e61 or the e63 (Nokia, can I get the e61 battery in an e63 phone? Pretty please?)3. Sony-Ericsson I will not badmouth because I never could get used to using them.If you must have a Nokia that will do all of the above while fitting where it must - this is the phone for you.Finally - the e61 brought back the good old times of analogue digital phones from the early '90s: "Is that a Nokia in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?"