I received this phone as a huge surprise on Christmas Eve. I had been wanting this phone for quite a while because of its businesslike appearance and features, and to replace my old and somewhat lacking LG KP500 Cookie.Here are the main pros and cons of this phone.PROS:-Amazing Quality and Form: The phone is wrapped in a chrome metallic surface and just screams quality. Just to hold the phone is a treat. All the buttons are where you expect them to be (and all feel well made), and little touches like a gripped backing add a feeling of extra stability to the phone. Compared to the somewhat plasticy Blackberry, this feels way better.-User Interface: The somewhat complicated (see Cons) Symbian UI is excellent for both the businessman and the personal user. It provides extended customization and easy access to Email and all of your apps right from the home screen. Notifications also pop up on the home screen, and a notification light blinks. You can also switch between two Home screens, a business one and a personal one.-3G and Wi-Fi connectivity: My current plan is T-Mobile's Pay-As-You-Go plan, which only runs on basic GPRS technology, so I can't actually comment on the 3G connectivity. The Wi-Fi functions work incredibly fast, with no issues connecting. Setting up Wi-Fi is a breeze, and it remembers saved networks.-Camera and Video: The 3MP camera is pretty good. It works well in both low light and sunlight, and offers autofocus, flash, and many different color overlays. Video has good quality as well. There is also a front-facing camera, but I haven't gotten around to using it yet.-Apps and Ovi App Store: Tons of Apps can be downloaded to this Phone. Facebook, Myspace, Youtube, QuickOffice, a Mail Client, and IM all come preloaded. Not much to say here, everything works as it should. Note: Skype and Opera Mobile are also available for download and they both work incredibly well on this phone.-E-Mail Client: Amazing, Robust Client... Much better than Blackberry or iOS's included clients. Allows for autosync and multiple addresses, with tons of customization options.CON:-UI COULD be hard to use for some, mainly because of the somewhat disorganized folders.-Ovi Store sometimes freezes up on me and I have to force exit the app.-Ovi PC software is a bit buggy.OTHER:-Battery Life: Not really a con, not really a pro; 2 days with heavy use. With minimal use, it lasts up to four days.Overall, I would easily recommend this phone to any "heavy" cell phone user, especially at the somewhat low price tag.