I've had this phone for about a month now, and it serves as the replacement for my old Nokia 5800 XpressMusic. The 5800 was a great phone for it being my first touchscreen experience and I grew used to the resistive touchscreen. Had the unit not start malfunctioning more frequently, it would probably still be my primary phone. But, the screen apparently was losing power, as it would go fuzzy and virtually inoperable in cold climate, the slidelock seemed to be shorting out, and placing calls started to become a chore. It was a good 3 year run. The C6-01 is proving to be just as competent as the 5800...very clean, very responsive, loaded with features. It shares similarities with the iPhone and the Windows Phone. The AMOLED capacitive touchscreen took some getting used to but I'm starting to really get the hang of it. Texting is slightly different; not as quick but it's just as responsive. Has a great camera. Great sound clarity when taking calls. Pretty much does the same thing the 5800 did, with slightly quicker response and lots more memory. Here's the downside. First, the battery life is not great. I have to charge this phone daily, where with the 5800 I could charge every other day. The loudspeaker does not have the same quality as the 5800, for a phone that records and plays back video in 720p HD. Also, in some instances, the phone has a tendency to freeze on some applications and on a couple calls. Then, when texting, some buttons get pressed even when not pressing anything, which lets you know how responsive the touchscreen is. Some of the button placement could have been different to avoid mistakes in sending a text message. I also am not too pleased with the notification light, which is not very bright. And there is no way to disable camera sounds altogether, but the 5800 had the same issues. I'm still trying to determine the response time when sending multimedia messages. The slidelock, when first using this phone, was very hard to slide, but has become much easier. Overall, this phone is great so far. Will see how long it lasts.