The T616 is a pretty good phone...sleek design, good phone functions, fun to have a camera included. But it has some limitations and questionable function choices. I would buy it again.Likes:Call quality fine.Outlook sync works well.Caller ID brings up picture of caller (once you assign a pic to the Contact's record in the phone book).Nice design.Can store lots of info about each contact.Voice command dialing (in concept, haven't played with it enough to know if it works).Dislikes:Poor documentation for setting up bluetooth sync: I know computers pretty well, and although this was my first bluetooth device, it should have gone more smoothly. Too many gaps in documentation. Worse, AT&Ts; website provides no help, the OEM for the sync software (Extended Systems) refers you to Sony Ericsson for help, and the Sony Ericsson help desk in Toronto was counterproductive. Their suggestion was to sync one record at a time! And they were rude when I suggested there was probably a way to sync all records at once.Screen is very hard to read outdoors. This is probably the biggest flaw, and one which may be beyond the tolerance of many people...2mb of memory is not enough. You can store a fair number of contacts (500-ish) but not enough pictures, even after deleting all the nonsense pics/sounds/themes they include with the phone.The web browser function is ok on the sites formatted for the cell phone's screen.The "Find Top Ten Best Near Me" function is hysterical. This will find the Top Ten, say, mexican restaurants near you, based on the position of the nearest cell tower, which is probably within a half mile or less. I was in Plano, TX and had it find the Top 10 mexican restaurants nearest me...there are probably 30 within 10 miles, but the closest it came up with was 15 miles away in downtown Dallas...even funnier, it was The Mansion at Turle Creek! The Mansion is easily the costliest restaurant in Dallas; it is famous for having invented "Southwest Cuisine" but it is as far from being a mexican restaurant as, say, Spago's is from being a NJ pizzaria.Voice command - To be fair, I first programmed my voice commands in a noisy hospital waiting room. Since then, it hasn't recognized any voice command I've entered...so I need to reprogram it and try again.Overall: [Excellent] phone with good features...and a bad screen for outdoors use.