Box contents-Android S3 (Android 4.1.1)-2 Batterys-Note Flip cover case-Screen protectors (Dont real fit to size...)-Earbuds-usb cable-power adapter-mini stylus-quick manualThe phone itself came preloaded with Android 4.1.1 with a few extra features in the Android Settings a pure AOSP Nexus phone wouldnt have. Does include built-in hotspot feature for Data users. (ex. Sim card settings, sound settings, use settings, show battery percentage, ect) The phone does not support OTA updates so its locked in on Android Jellybean unless developed otherwise. The phone came loaded with the Galaxy s3 launcher for a Samsung like feel and all the sounds (I swapped for the 360 Launcher). Lockscreen is AOSP (Android Open Source) styled. Statusbar has slideable toggle widgets and GSM profile. The phone has 2 sim card slots for whatever advantages you want to take. I set ours up for Straght Talk. The advertisement says a dual core cpu, the phone declares a quad core! Il be sure to investigate that...but over all perfermance is fantastic. It is not bloated up with advertisments or useless apps, just a pure android environment. Camera is beautifiull. Fully working flash and has a flashlight app. Amoled HD Display, Touch screen is multi-touch resistive. The design is like ATT Galaxy impression? The build of the phone is sturdy like any OEM phone. Sound is great. Google Now integrated. Google play is ready to go. The phone does support video calling but I believe thats for Gtalk.The only thing I noticed was the Battery needed calibrated. Kill it all the way untill battery is drained and let it charge over night.One thing to stress...Buy some sort of impact glass shielf or durable screen protector for these phones! The box says armoled display, bull...I bought 2 off these phones and the screens are cracked already. One phone was bumped in the car with shifter and cracked slightly and I just pulled mine outa my pocket and I cracked the screen applying to much pressure apparently... be ware.Otherwise, after a months use, I love the phones. just be delicate with them and patient.Good Buy for a Over Seas Phone