NEVER BUY A DROID 3 - And Read the Reviews about VerizonA year and half ago, we bought 4 Droid 3's, 3 have been replaced and now 2 more of the replacements are being replaced, and regarding the other two we finally got rid of them and bought 2 totally new phones.The problems: screen freezing, phone getting extrememly hot, apps close and the phone will re-bot on its own, loss of service up to 5 to 30 times a day when the other droid isn't losing service nor the new totally new phones, one of the droids when being charged will not work.Customer Service at Verizon I hear that some of these things are normal, or the screen freezes because you have a screen protector on it, the phone gets hot because you have the protective cover, oh, and its normally to take the battery out every day, then another CS representive will tell you an entire new story.In fact, I called Verizon talked to Byron he was going to send me out a Samsung Galaxy but I wanted to check the reviews on that so I asked if he would call back in an hour and he said he would. With no phone call, I called the next day and was told by Theodore that they would send the Samnsung Galaxy and I would get it Friday. Friday came and no phone so I called and they said they aren't going to send that phone but would send me another Droid 3.  I couldn't believe it after being told they were going to send me a Samsung and having 8 droids that don't work.  They did say that in 5 months when I can get an upgrade then they will help me get into a Samsung, but then I will be extending my contract with Verizon.  Watch out for how they trick you.It amazes me how we need cell phones, we can't even get a phone without a data package, then we get into a contract and we have to pay our bill whether or not we receive a phone with millions of complaints and defects.  We as a consumer are stuck.  And to all of those that have a Droid 3 that are working fine right now just give it some time and you will have issues too. I personally don't know anyone that is happy with their Droid 3.Regarding Verizon, they are super nice when buying a phone or upgrading but as soon as you have problems they ARE NOT THERE TO HELP YOU. In fact per Michael, a Store Manager he said "The day your contract ends come into my store and I will be happy to help you so you will never be a customer with Verizon again."  (I wonder if the President of Verizon really knows how customers are being treated.)