If you are reading this review, you already know the spec of this amazing device and what it can do. Yes, it has most amazing bright HD screen and it DOES fit into front pocket with room to spare. The device is super responsive and it DOES NOT feel odd to hold it by the ear. It is THE mobile device and I have never been this impressed by a gadget... But I am experiencing 2 issues with this phone and is wondering if this is due to hardware design problem or maybe I just received the faulty unit.1) In-Call Volume problem with Galaxy Note (Deal Breaker)The "In-Call" volume on SGN is way too low. Headset/Speaker volume is fine and they can also be further boosted by using Volume+ app from the Market but I cannot seem to find any cure for the low In-Call volume. It is almost unusable while driving with window down. I have currently work around this issue by turn on the speaker for each and every call. I do not believe I should need to do this.2) Inconsistent Network Speed with Galaxy NoteOnce I plugged in the SIM card and manually set the mobile network by entering the APN, I was able to get the AT&T; data service onto my new SGN but I noticed that the network icon (EDGE/3G/HSPA+) keep changing between 3G and HSPA+... I also noticed that it switched to HSPA+ when it actually try to download network packages (email/internet/yourtub...etc) and it has connectivity problem when 3G icon is displayed. This behavior of constantly switching network antenna will result in poor battery drain and degrade the user experience.Please let me know if anyone else are also experiencing the similar challenges. Thank you very much for your time.------------------- Update 01.03.2012 ---------------------The recent firmware update from Samsung resolved the issue of "In-Call" Volume being too low...Hence changing the rating from 2 star to 4 star.There is still network lag when it switch from 3G to HSPA+ for internet use. Most of time, it is less than 5 sec but sometimes (based on where) it could take up to 25 secs.