I'm sure you have heard about the good reviews of the Samsung galaxy S2 and Guess what? they are all right.I'm not even sure where to start with this phone! The Screen is AMAZING and I mean every bit of that. me talking about it doesn't do it justice really you have to see a screen this beautiful. I have had an iPhone 3Gs prior to this Phone and I will say it is such a huge!!! improvement as far as specs go...this phone is ultra fast that I couldn't believe it. I will say that this isn't my first Android Device. I have had Dell Streak, A7 tablet, and Galaxy Tab and while all of those are "OK" Devices None of which made me completely switch to Android until I got this phone. I don't even pick up my iPhone 3Gs anymore. another perk of this Phone is that it is Unlocked from the start and no hassle with Carriers. I took out my AT&T; simcard popped in in this and it was ready to go and getting good speeds up to 7 Mbs too.GPS locks on so fast, record 1080p, Kies Air, Watch Flash videos, All share works flawless, Changeable batteries, Speedy boot times, Very good call Quality, Should I even go on? Its too many to name for an out of the box experience. I'm not to big on Rooting devices but it almost feel there is no reason too unless you just wanted custom roms. This is hands down THE best phone I have ever used Thus far. Which brings me to my next point this is very VERY THIN, place it in my pockets and I have to keep checking my pants to make sure my phone is there. Amazing job Samsung!Two things I wish Android had is a Better Ecosystem, Which it ain't bad but I do like iOS app store better just do to the fact of sheer fact of Number of Apps and Games but by all means Android market isn't bad at all. Another thing is I wish I could find some Accessories from Samsung itself, none are out and most of which you will find is Aftermarket Accessories. I would really like a Battery case for it whenever they release it.Other then those Two facts it doesn't take away from the Phone, Samsung has really defined themselves in the mobile market and finally made a phone the way Android was meant to be especially in terms of speed. You have to get this phone.