I have owned the phone for about a month now. Has many nice features but there is always a 10% chance that something (mainly mobile data/GPS) wont work right away. Dont know how much of this is a Verizon model specific issue.Pros1. The display - generally great with some over-saturation of colors. If you have average sized hands (for a man), then the phone isnt too big to handle. It is actually quite sleek and light and would also fit easily into trouser pockets.  The large screen you get in return is totally worth it - makes reading, watching clips etc much more enjoyable. I have barely used my ipad since and would now be hard to go to a phone with a smaller screen.2. Respectable battery life. Can get about 20 hours on a single charge, doing primarily email, browsing and a few calls using supplied battery.3. Camera is solid.4. Some nice new features (Smart Stay - works about 75% of time but is still pretty nifty). Kies air - sync your phone over Wifi.5. Seamless switching between Wifi and Mobile Data.6. Fast.7. Great music and sound quality.8. SD Card expandable. Easy to find replacement/extended batteries.9. T9 trace/swype works well.Cons1. Weaker Reception - When on 3G, data speed is slower than my 3G - HTC . Also often fails to receive 3G data signal when a Blackberry and the HTC also on Verizon seem to manage okay.2. Lousy 3G-4G transition - Often indicates to be on 4G but then fails miserably when a data request is made. Takes over a minute to switch to 3G. From time to time, gets stuck in 3G and wouldnt switch to 4G even if you go to a strong 4G area. Nothing short of a wholesale restart would make it go to 4G. Dont know how much of this is a Verizon issue. I have changed SIM cards once, but the problem recurred.3. Can get uncomfortably warm.4. Interface - This is mixed. Some elements (quick access pull-down bar, ability to hide bloatware, shortcuts) are handy, others poorly thought of. Given the large form-factor, a soft home button would have been much better than the physical one. Also the default setting is for a double tap home to launch S-Voice. This leads to a pretty slow response time if you just need to single tap to go to home screen.  It is a setting easy to change, but illustrates that usability wasnt always thought through in designing the interface. The stock dialer is also lacking.5. GPS is generally very slow to lock. Often requires launching test/daignostics apps.6. Verizon bloatware are a power hog. Need to kill them manually from task manager whenever you restart.