I have had this phone for over a year now, so It has had plenty of use.  The one positive aspect of the phone is that it WILL NOT break.  I have dropped it numerous times, including into a puddle of water, and it still functions.  When dropped, the back cover falls off, and battery drops out THATS IT.  Aside from a few small blemishes it looks fine, and works okay.  Performance is dismal, but what would you expect from a mid-grade smart phone offered for such a cheap price?  The phone lags even when sending text messages, especially when switching from one conversation to the next. I often have to reset the phone to clear the memory for it to operate normally. I use Facebook, Instagram, Gmail, Twitter, and a host of other social media apps, including google play music, pandora, and spotify.  The lag time can be up to a minute from the time I select the app, to the time it actually loads all the content (pandora espicially).  Battery life is another serious downfall if your into anything except making phone calls or sending text messages.  During a normal day (listening to music, surfing the web, few calls, social media) I have to charge the phone again, even after it has a full charge from the night before.  I bring a charger everywhere I go.  I bought the phone for 4G service but even after a year and a half, have not had a 4G signal for more than a few moments.  Even where I live my 3G service is intermittent (and I live in a populated area).  I'm not sure if it is the service or the phone.  On the plus side it has a small feel, and fits in your hand nicely.  It can slip into your pocket easily and takes up as much space as a few business cards, which cannot be said for larger phones.  I prefer smaller handsets personally.  The touchscreen is adequate, as is the main camera.  The front facing camera seems like an afterthought, and is not very good.Synopsis: The LG Viper 4G is adequate for someone who wants the very basic android experience, or who isnt concerned about living online.  It does basic tasks relatively well, and is a bargain for the price.