So, the thumb keyboard is nice to have for writing text messages. That's the biggest benefit of this phone. If you do a lot of texting but don't need the processing power of a smartphone, this might be a good choice for you--except for its tragic flaws.Although it looks kind of like a smartphone, it's really just an ordinary candy bar phone with a better keyboard, and the ability to hook to wifi so you don't burn your minutes browsing the web over its pitiful built-in browser. Note that although Gmail is on the bookmarks menu of the built-in browser, you can't actually load it. Install the mobile version of Opera, it works much better. And the mobile Facebook application you can get for this phone is surprisingly good--the only downloadable app I actually ended up using very much apart from Opera.That being said, the phone has a couple of major drawbacks. One, as many other reviews have noted, is the unfortunate tendency to butt-dial or pocket-dial 911 EVEN WHEN THE KEYS ARE LOCKED. If you punch 000 or 112 or perhaps some other keyboard combinations, even through lock, it will ask you if you want to dial 911. And if you then mash the enter key, it will dial it. I got called back by 911 a couple of times while this phone rode in my pocket. It's really embarrassing to be asked if you're under duress when you tell them it was an accident! And even turning it off isn't necessarily any protection--I've had this phone TURN ITSELF ON in my pocket before.The other big problem I noticed is minor by comparison, but still annoying. When you call a number that asks you to spell something out using the letters that are normally affixed to phone number buttons, there's no way to know how to do it--these buttons aren't labeled with the right letters. If there's some way to call up on the screen what letters correspond to what numbers, I don't know what it is.If you're going to text or email a lot, and plan to keep this phone somewhere OTHER than a pocket, this phone could be useful. If not, you'd probably be best off going with something else.