I bought this phone a couple of months ago and it rocks.  There are so many things I love about it.  First of all, the hardware is just about the best you will fine.  So many phones these days are, for all of their slickness, cheap plastic crap.  Not this phone!  I have actually dropped this phone a couple of times (Yes, I can be clumsy).  One time I was sure I had damaged it.  Nope, not a scratch or blemish.  The keyboard is awesome.  I wasn't sure I would like it because I have big fingers, but the buttons are raised and its easy to get the hang of it.  And Nokia has put little touches on it that I think are useful and endearing.  For instance, the side of the phone has a dedicated voice dial button that makes it extremely easy to voice dial.  The GPS is good... and free!  The phone is very fast for a 3G phone.  I don't get much lag at all; I think it has freezed up once.  And the screen will surprise you.  I have enjoyed watching youtube videos on it just as clear as a pc. It has bluetooth.  You can sync it with your pc or mac. What's especially good about the phone?  Straight Talk offers this phone with an Unlimited Everything plan for only $45.  That is reason alone to get this!  Any negatives?  May be some minor ones.  The back is stainless steel, and although it is impressive when it is brand new it is prone to smudges.  You can simply put a gel skin or otterbox on it, or clean the back periodically.  Nokia's ovi store isn't as large or impressive as Apple or Android, but there is still plenty there that is useful.  You can also put java apps on it which leaves room for more possibilities as well.  Lastly, the speaker phone could be louder.  I am not sure if it is just mine or all the E71s, but the speakerphone mode isn't loud enough.  I sometimes have to hold it close to my head to hear it which defeats the purpose.  But the pluses far outweigh the minuses.  It may not be the latest technology but this phone does all the things smartphones are supposed to do.  It is durable and realiable (many smartphones are not).  And on Straight Talk you can have unlimited on this phone for $45 a month.