I've had this phone for a month or two, and I like it a lot. The screen is fantastic; I was surprised by how sharp and bright the image was. The external display is very nice as well. My friend has a different make of phone with an color external display, but the words on it are so small that they can barely be seen. The keypad is easy to use, except that the blue button in the middle of the directional buttons is a bit too small. I like that you are able to change the ring mode with the side buttons, without having to open the phone.The ringtones that come with the phone are not very impressive, but that was also the case with my previous phone (Nokia 3560). I think they really, REALLY want you to purchase lots of new ringtones.I have not used the camera a great deal, but what pictures I have taken look fine. I have yet to view any pictures I have taken with this phone in full 640 x 480 resolution. The camera automatically adjusts fairly well to low-light conditions.This phone comes with a hands-free speaker phone, but I have not used it much because the sound output is somewhat tinny. I have tried using it in my car, but could not make out anything that was said to me (this could be the fault of my car, though!). I will soon purchase a headset for in-car use.The instruction manual is pretty much useless. It tells you how to get to different functions, but not how to use them (such as the iMelody ringtone creator).The reception on this phone is decent, but not exceptional. The battery life on this phone is not as long as I expected... but I must admit that when I first got this phone, I was playing with it A LOT. Also, I work in an area that does not have good cellular coverage, and I would leave the phone on while at work. These two factors surely affect the longevity of the battery.Now for the main reason I did not give this phone 5 stars: the earpiece volume. With my previous phones, I never had a problem hearing through the earpiece. With the v400, I am frequently straining to hear, even with the volume all the way up. I don't know if it is how I am holding the phone or what...Otherwise, this is a great phone.