I've had my share of cell phones.  Before getting the LG CU400, I had a Sony/Ericsson 500A.  I loved that phone but S/E's Customer Service stunk!  (Because of a SyncManager database error, they said I had to reinsall the O/S to fix the problem!  Yea, right!!!)  The LG CU400 has a progressive ringtone.  Right now, you can't change that.  From what I understand per LG, Cingular made this an LG-requirement of their phones.  It's annoying when I hear someone else's phone do that, especially when no one answers the phone!  It doesn't have a quick-lock feature (that I can find.)  The Contacts are laid out in a wierd way (to me.)  Name1/H, Name1/W, Name1/M, and so on.  (H=Home, W=Work, M=Mobile, and so on.)  I don't know if that's because the data was on the SIM and isn't 'loaded' into the phone, itself, yet, or what.  I do like the location of the speaker button - a one-touch feature.  When the phone is closed, pressing any button on the side will display the date/time.  It's not in color - No biggie.  It's a PTT (Push-To-Talk) phone.  (I didn't buy that capability ...)  When you dial a phone number, the numbers are pretty big.  It has an external antenna.  My last phone had an internal antenna.  I didn't buy insurance in case I drop it and it breaks, or something.  It's possible that can happen.  It's not a Razor but it's thin.  The internal display is very clear!  I let the fully-charged phone run out the battery and, twice, it's lasted only 4 days with very minimal use.  Your call history is a couple of buttons down the menu-path, no biggie.  The speaker gets fuzzy at about 4 out of 7 bars.  You can't accidentally take pictures of inside your pocket or handbag.  I don't use the download capabilities of the phone for anything.  I don't IM.  I just use the phone as a phone.  So, I'm not going to comment on those features.  The 'door' that needs to be opened for charging is very flimsy!  I can see it breaking off very easily.  You'll want to 'turn' it 90 degrees UP to get it out of the way of the charger-cable.  There's no holster, yet, because it's so new.  There is a data-cable that can be used from another phone, so I'm told.  Be sure to ask about the peripheral hardware BEFORE you buy in case you need to have it right away.  All the peripherals may not be available yet.In sum, it's not a bad phone.  The ascending ring, the external antenna, and the fuzzy speaker, so far, hold me from giving this phone a Rating of 4.  It's above average but I don't think it deserves a 4.  I'll try the phone for a while and then try the Samsung C417.  It's all about tradeoffs.