I have been a long time user of smartphone. Started with one of the first smartphones, Ericsson p800. Then some windows flavor as well as blackberry.This phone is by far the best phone I have owned. And I think this phone is probably one of the best looking phones in the market. Here are some of the things I love about this phone:1. It has a very strong signals.2. Call/voice quality is really good. Speaker is loud as well.3. Battery lasts a long time.4. GPS works really well and fast (this phone has 3G). GPS works especially well with google map/earth.5. It plays youtube out of the box.6. One hand handling capability from typing, taking calls, etc.7. Screen is bright and still usable under bright sunlight.8. Lots of applications available including a free SEVEN push email solution which is still beta version.9. Multi-tasking.10. FM Radio.11. An ability to subscribe to podcasts and download the only the ones you like.Some of the features that can be improved:1. Audio playback like play list creation and sound quality when using headphone are not as good.Creating a play list requires too many clicks. I am using a kingston 4gb and often my song list just disappear. I need to refresh it many times.I can hear a hissing sound from the headphone. From what I read many people experience this as well.2. Lack of task manager. I can not kill an application like I can on windows phone.Correction: The task manager came with the phone can kill most of the programs but not all. A media player for some reasons can't be killed using this. And in my experience, this is the one that hangs often.3. Keyboard takes a little time to get used to. I don't have big hands but I am still trying to adjust to this keyboard.4. Copy and paste only works in some applications. With windows phone, you can always copy and paste almost everywhere. Not with this phone.5. Headset output is not a standard size.I found 'Shure' makes an adapter which allows you to use regular size (3.5 size?) headphone of your choice. This adapter comes with a microphone. There are a lot cheaper one, but none comes with microphone. This adapter was made for Palm device but works well with E71.6. I like the FM radio but this feature only works when you attach the included headset. I think the antenna is actually on the headset.I hope this brief review helps. Some of the feature like camera, I have never really used. So I don't mention it here.