This phone is the second of two Nokia 701 devices that I recently bought (the other one I've returned). I am quite familiar with Nokia's Symbian OS variant, so there was no 'learning curve' in my case. In fact, Symbian's well-known software and hardware efficiency (read: great battery life!) was a primary reason for my return to it after using a rooted HTC Sensation 4G, (its only real problem being that it would typically be close to shutting down with barely any use well before the end of a given day.) All of the 701's software works as it should, with the 1 GHz processor easily outpaces my wife's former daily use phone, the Nokia C6-01.The phone has a great screen (Nokia's ClearBlack technology really does help with outdoor viewing), TV-Out, OS-managed connectivity (WiFi, GPS, mobile data all only when needed :-)), Nokia Maps offline GPS Navigation is still second to none....And yet....The earpiece on the first 701 would emit static to the point of drowning out the other party, and the static would persist on the other person's end even more loudly, regardless of the phone's manufacturer/carrier. I tried all recommended solutions (hard reset, GSM/3G toggle, SIM swap), but to no avail. I returned it and bought the second one, hoping for a better experience. And, initially, it was.Then I started to miss calls....I glanced at the phone's notification bar one day, when I noticed that the signal died, and would not return unless I restarted it. Every single time. Another standard troubleshooting process, another persistent problem. In the end, I kept it. But I've also returned to the Sensation (and added an extended battery) for my daily use.Nokia's support for Symbian is steadily winding down, and with Microsoft's purchase of their device manufacturing division looming large, I couldn't be the only one that suspects that the end of support for their mapping service on Symbian devices may not be far behind. After trying two Windows Phone devices from Nokia,(Lumia 620 (unlocked), Lumia 521(T-Mobile)) and returning both after noticing a hardware problem on the first and hardware/software limitations on both, it looks as though Google's Nexus phones might be a better future option, and for now I may simply use the 701 and C6-01 as a quick media-to-TV output device and for navigation during trips.In any case, please be wary if you are considering this phone and expect to use it as such.