For starts the phone is solid, and colored all the way through so scratches won't be noticeable at all.It can do 4g and wireless charging and all that stuff.Windows 8 on a phone is really nice. It is very simple to use and highly functional. Also the black and white theme is really my style which is good because the phone has very limited theme options so keep that in mind.Win8 does have some downsides though: The browser and bing search freaking suck. Even if you change your default search to something else the search button still pulls up bing. Seriously stop shoving that down our throats. Luckily there is an app called "UC Broswer" and that will greatly improve your internet browsing experience.Other failures include the app market which has very little content right now. I can't even do my banking online with this phone... although perhaps that is my bank's fault for not making the app but plenty of apps are missing from this market. I also didn't see any theme apps or apps to change the tile page itself although there were plenty of tile changing apps.That is the last thing that bugged me was the tile page didn't fit the theme at all and the theme options wouldn't let me change it and no apps existed that would change it. Honestly I would prefer a list version of the tile page instead of blocks. I was able to at least get it in black and white to match the theme though by going into the phone options and turning "high contrast" on.This phone is a comfortable weight and size for me and fits well in the hand. Other than my few gripes with the operating system which I managed to work around mostly it is very nice. The hardware is good and the battery life is alright. If you are concerned about battery life it does have power saver mode and you can easily turn off all the power hogs like wifi when the lockscreen is up, location serives, ect. There are a few battery saver apps but honestly the app market is stinky and they probably drain more than the save to manage stuff 24/7.The price on this phone is wonderful for something purchased out of contract too. It is on par with phones that cost several hundred dollars more if you buy them out of contract.I give this phone an 8.5/10