Ive had my Focus S for a little over a month now and I have to say, Its been an absolutely amazing phone. Its so light and thin, you can barely even feel it in your pocket, which is nice for me because Im a runner. The sleek design is also very durable, as both my wife and I have dropped our phones onto our tile floors numerous times and I cant even see a scratch on em! Add the gorilla Glass to the mix and super amoled plus technology and you have a spectacular screen that still amazes me today with its rich and vibrant colors. Have you seen the commercials for the Galaxy S II? The Focus S has the exact same screen but with the added bonus of the windows mango os.Speaking of windows phone, I have to say you wont find an easier, more fluid and practical OS out there. Everything you need is right on your start screen, with ever evolving live tiles that update with real information. Seeing such an animated experience everytime you open your phone is a sight to see, and one that you dont get with android and IOS. With over 40,000 apps, I havent yet found an app I wanted but wasnt available yet, and with the rate of expansion, I dont think that will ever be a problem. I will say, to get the full experience, you really have to buy into microsofts ecosystem. Zune pass is amazing, and music search and downloading/streaming works flawlessly! Also, your xbox windows live id and email/calender all sync easily, and outlook, as long as your corporation supports the device, works fantastic too! And bing? What they've down with the built in search with convert you from the other guys easily! But  you just have to give them a chance to win you over.All in all, you wont find a nicer device that works this smooth and fast and feels soooo good in your hands. I converted over from Verizon to ATT and I have to say, at least in southern California, my data speeds are super fast, thanks to the hspa+ 4g.  Streaming netflix and music works perfectly so If its the network you are worried about, I have been nothing but pleased with my coverage.  I recommend getting to a store and getting hands on with a Focus S, it really makes all the difference in the world. You wont be disappointed!