I needed a new phone to replace my N97 Mini which I loved but was getting a little long in the tooth. I loved having a physical keyboard like on the mini and was kind of hesitant to get another all-touch device after enjoying the full keyboard but the E7 & E6 were both a bit high out of my price range. So I took a chance and purchased the C6-01.I've had it and been using it for just about a week now, but so far as my title says, it's a little dynamoThe first thing I noticed when I fired it up is the screen. Yes it is small compared to the lap top sized phones people carry in their pockets these days. But for me personally that is ok. It's what I wanted. I prefer smaller phones. But the screen is ABSOLUTELY gorgeous. It puts alot of the higher end more $$ phones to shame. Nokia really hit a home run with the Clear Black Display. It's just a beauty of a display.Even though I'd never really tinkered with Symbian 3, I'd had enough experience with past Nokia Devices that setting up the basics of the C6-01 was a piece of cake.Next I set up the things that are most important to me like my music library and bluetooth devices. Both were easy to do. The bluetooth on this thing is amazing. The range and connection seems to be farther and stronger than on previous devices. It paired easily with the SYNC technology on my Ford Vehicle.I'm not the type of person that goes App crazy and gets alot of worthless stuff that I don't and won't use so I've found a few apps on the OVI store that are essential to me like Remind Me, Wikipedia Reader, X-plore, Internet Radio and a few more. I also loaded Swype which I'm learning how to use and take full advantage of.This is just a preliminary review. I'll re-do and add as I've had the device longer. But to touch on a couple of things others have noted....So far I have not had any phone re-booting issues under any circumstances. The battery has performed pretty good so far. I've installed a battery extender app so maybe that has helped. I believe the Symbian Anna & Belle updates are going to tweak the battery to give it more lasting power.Like I said, I'll add more thoughts as I've used the device longer. So far though, I've been totally happy and totally enjoying this little beauty.Say what you will about Nokia, but they have always given good value for the money in terms of features. The C6-01 is packed with alot of high-end features for a pretty low price.It's what I was looking for in the first place!