There's good and bad with everything in life. With NET10 service and phones it is no different.The phone:This is the most basic phone I have ever bought. Not having an MP3 player or the internet really left me wanting a new phone after having upscale phones in the past. Now, as long as you don't need all the cool bells and whistles, this is a fine, basic phone. It's tough, it's small, and the reception on mine wasn't the best but it was better than other providers I have tried.Menu: It is a mild pain to navigate but as stated, it's a basic, no frills phone. No touchscreen and not many shortcut buttons.Although the button are recessed, I have had more than one occaision where buttons are pressed in my pocket.-Service:GOOD - When I needed to transfer my old NET10 number from a different phone to this phone, it was easy to do.BAD - When my minutes expired by 1 day, I contacted customer service and was NOT happy to find out that not only was my number no longer available, I had to be reasigned a new one and they deleted my entire account. I had to enter everything/register from scratch. Very poor service in that aspect. Do NOT let your minutes expire.-Minutes: They stack as you enter more minutes at the end of the period. I rarely ever use my phone so I have thousands of minutes I will never use but it is better to have them, than to NOT have them when you need them.I've been to different stores that had different options to add your minutes and I wasn't crazy about that. One has the cards that provide you a serial number while the store next door has a paper advertisement (that isn't the same deal) that the cashier has to provide you the serial number on the receipt. If you buy time in advance, you have to save that receipt somewhere until you need to renew you minutes. A card is easier to save. Receipts can get damaged, fade, smudge, etc. You can purchase new minutes right through the phone as well if you prefer.-There are good and bad points but for a basic, no frills phone, it's not bad for the price you pay.