I've owned this phone about a year now. I had to buy an unlocked phone because my contract wasn't up and I had somehow broken two clamshell phones in the space of about six weeks. Given this history, I am particularly pleased with the sturdiness of the e63. I've dropped it a number of times (including when it wasn't in its Otterbox sleeve) with no apparent ill effects.Other things I like: Nice bright screen. The handy flashlight feature (press the spacebar). Easy to use keyboard, good for texting. I use it more and more as a text-messaging tool and a substitute brain, for example, the calculator, the converter tool, the notes, the alarm clock, the calendar. Call quality is generally good (I have A&T; and suffer dropped calls less often than I did before, though I don't know if this can be attributed to the phone or improvements to the network.) A nice looking phone that feels solid and pleasant in the hand, but not too heavy in the pocket. Battery life is very long, esp if you have WLAN screening and Bluetooth off, and it recharges  quickly. It also tells you when the battery is fully charged, which is nice. When I travelled to Poland this spring, the phone proved very handy: We removed the SIM card, put in a local one, and it was ready to go with a local number, giving us in-country  calls and texting for a very reasonable price.Some things not so great: The camera is nothing special, as others have observed. I personally have found the Ovi  app store to be a confusing horror. I find it hard to surf the web with this phone -- the screen seems  too small, downloading is very slow, and it's hard to navigate. Even e-mail is highly irritating, resorted to only in desperation. (I don't have a data plan; I use WiFi when I can find it, so this may be coloring my impression of the slowness. But I had a data plan for a while, and checking email was also so slow and laborious that I wanted to hang myself then, too.)But, overall, I am pleased with this phone. It is a phone, not a substitute computer or an entertainment device, and for what it is, it's more than adequate.