I didnt't want a cell phone because I knew I wouldn't use it often so a pre-pay no-contract was the answer for me.  Then it was a matter of which phone to buy.  After entering my zip code on the Tracfone website and analyzing the phones recommended for my area I found the LG 420G to satisfy my needs.  The major attractions for me were the price, free S&H;, double minutes for life, speaker, camera, tracking of minutes  and time used, texting and the Universal Accessory Package which included a hands-free headset, phone carrying case and Vehicle Adapter, etc.  Other concerns were clarity and setup/activation. I found setup and activation to be no problem. I charged the phone a couple hours before attempting to activate it, which I did online.  I signed on the internet and followed the online procedure for activation, and before I knew it the phone was activated and a phone number had been assigned. The normal 10 minutes of free time (for 60 days) had been doubled to 20 minutes (for 60 days) so I could now test the phone.  Clarity was far better than I expected.I later bought 365 days of 400 airtime minutes. With this phone the minutes doubled giving me 800 minutes for 365 days. When I signed on to buy minutes there was a 200 minute bonus offer with this 365 day plan so I actually got 1000 minutes with the 400 minute card (I saved the coupon that came with the phone for later use).  So I started with 1020 minutes for 425 days.There are many wonderful features with this phone but all I really need is the opportunity to place an occasional call when needed.  I don't intend to chit-chat and gossip all day but I have no doubt that this phone will satisfy that need too.  I rate it a '5' for my needs.  I only paid $19.99 and about a week+ later it was in a Family Dollar sale paper for $10 but I don't know if that included the Universal Accessory Package. I know you can buy it in stores, I looked at Radio Shack, e.g. who had it for $19.99 but without the accessory package.  It arrived from TracFone about 2 days before I expected and noone was home... Tracfone's contract states that a signature is required so FedEx did not leave it at the door.  I went to the post office to pick it up even though FedEx does make several attempts to re-deliver.I recommend it: ESPECIALLY 1) for youngsters, to control their spending 2) for Seniors, who don't want to use it a lot and 3)for those like me, as a solution because we can't find a public phone!!