I had waited a while for this phone to be released when Nokia first announced it with the Symbian 3 OS. It has an unbeatable feature set and arguable the best camera to be found on a mobile phone, rivaling standalone point & shoot cameras. However, Symbian 3 proved to be quite a disappointment compared to the new operating systems around by then. That being said, for anyone used to Nokia phones, it was still an improvement.Quality of construction is superb, and it exudes an air of class about it including the choice of colours. Connectivity is unmatched with USB-on-the-go, HDMI output to TV which is amazing and shows great detail, and an FM transmitter that works better than many standalone FM transmitters on the market !! I streamed music through a car stereo recently, and could swear it was connected via cable, with no disruption whatsoever !! That may have a lot to do with us having no stations near the 90.0 band where I had it set, but once you find a channel that is free, this thing works in a jaw dropping manner !The whole major selling point of this phone has been the camera and it does not disappoint. It has now also been enhanced by the Symbian Anna update and now has continuous auto-focus in video recording.I finally decided to buy this phone over a year since its release for a couple of reasons which now make it a good bargain...Firstly, the camera is phenomenal and remains the best option thus far for anyone photo centric like me who might use a phone a lot as a backup when a real camera is not on hand;Secondly, because it never hit the expectation level it generated prior to its release, it has become available at a much discounted price from that it launched with, and..Thirdly and very importantly, the new Symbian Belle OS update has been promised for this phone and other Symbian 3 handsets before the end of the year, and the reviews that this version has been getting as well as numerous videos showing the N8 running on Belle shows a modern 'Android'-like interface and a smoothness not yet seen on a Symbian phone. That update alone would make the N8 feel like a product just released and give it some value to come, along with the pending Microsoft Productivity Suite updates.As it is, Symbian remains very efficient on power use which means long battery life, and good at true multitasking. The current update reduces the amount of freezing experienced, and Belle should make a world of difference, that alone makes this phone a good value-for-money proposition especially with Amazon's price !