I have had Sprint PCS service for just under 3 years, and in that time have switched phones 3 times.  My previous two were Samsung phones -- the first was good, the second so bad that I had to consider getting another one just to get reception in my home.  With the performance of that phone, I decided this time to try a Sanyo product.  I had heard good things about the 8100, which this phone replaces, and was hoping the 8200 built on that reputation.After using this phone for almost 2 months, I have to say that I am very pleased.  This phone has all of the features you can ask for, and yet with rebates and other offers is very affordable.  Both color screens are very clear, and they display easy to use menus and a camera that takes pretty good pictures, considering the phone is not a stand-alone digital camera.  The phone has a solid feel, and talk time is more than adequate, too (compared to my last phone, which may not be saying much).  The nicest addition is the speakerphone, although the speaker could use a little clarity.  Oftentimes, at low volume you cannot hear it, and when you put it higher, the sound is distored and reverberates.Since you can read about the remaining features above, I will point out a couple of disappointments, other than speakerphone quality.  The first is the lack of screensavers, ring tones, and games.  I know that since this phone is advanced, most people will end up downloading these things, but for someone that has little interest in PCS Vision or such services, this is a setback.  Next, I am not sure why Sanyo only included 9 speed dial numbers -- my Samsungs allowed over 100, and it is limiting to have just those that are dialed by one touch of the keypad.  My third complaint is not necessarily with this phone, but with the fact that even as good as it is, it does not mask the sometimes poor service Sprint PCS provides.  It is either crystal clear or not there at all, and despite being told that this phone would give me much better reception (and it does compared to my last phone) it is still not near where some of the other carriers are.In summary, for the cost, you won't find a better Sprint PCS phone out there which includes all of the features you would expect from an advanced phone.  And, when Sprint gets the service to where it should be, this will be a great phone to complement it.