I've read a lot of reviews of this phone and it's interesting to me  how people are upset at the phone, not necessarily because the phone itself is bad, but because they don't know how to work the thing.  If you take the time to actually read the manual you will learn how to do things the way they should be done and you can troubleshoot things that annoy you.  You can delete text messages with two clicks by pressing "delete all."  Are we so lazy that pushing a button more than once makes us a downgrade a product?  I like this phone - the reception is fine and no one has ever complained they can't hear me and I live in NYC, one of the noisiest places on earth.  So, anyway, here is the good:1) Small, convenient size2) Nice, crisp, clear screen (adjust the brightness so you can see it outside)3) Decent battery charge - not the best but not the worst either4) Phone book entry option when you dial any number - I like this feature because if you are dialing a number the phone asks if you want this in your phonebook.5) The phone works - period.The not so good:1) Yes the phone is a bit delicate but that's why I bought a case for it.  Case = no scratches or dings.  For some reason flip phones are delicate flowers while brick or candy bar styles like Nokia are tanks.  Spend $10 for a case or cover and forget about it.2) The ringer could be louder and there's no vibrate then ring option - just vibrate OR ring3) Really bad ringtones easily overcome by downloading new ones at T-Mobile.  I have Vince Guaraldi's "Linus & Lucy" on mine now.4) Handset volume can only be adjusted while on a call - for some weird reason when not on a call the exterior volume control on the side controls the keypad volume.  Strange but not insurmountable.In sum, I got this phone free with a rebate and for free it's not a bad phone. I don't need bells and whistles and I don't want my phone to do more than let me talk with my friends and family.  Buyer beware - if you want something more flashy then don't get this phone - it will disappoint.  Buy the Sidekick II or Motorola Razr if you want it all.  This suits me fine and the price was right.