I upgraded from a Droid Incredible a few weeks ago. I love the Galaxy S3 for its larger screen, snappy operation and slim form factor. I use it as a GPS, MP3 player, e-book reader, movie player, e-mail, web research, alarm clock--oh yeah, occasionally as a phone. Typically I have 40-50% battery power left after 16 hours with the stock battery. It contains a decent camera with the capability of motoring off a string of photos by holding down the shutter release. Also, you can shoot amazing panoramas in moments. Nice!I'm using Verizon so, of course, there is the usual loathsome crapware Verizon loads on everything. This junk cannot be uninstalled. Also, Samsung felt free to load its own steaming pile of junk on top of the Verizon stuff. And watch out for the Google+ app. Its default setting uploads your photos into the cloud, which can be disastrous away from WiFi on a limited data plan.Neat phone, though, with some spiffy advanced features. Many are of marginal use (to me), but I quite like the feature that keeps the screen active as long as it "sees" your face with the front camera. Also, the NFC sensor is cool. I bought a five-pack of Samsung's TecTiles and downloaded the free "NFC Task Launcher" to program the tiles to perform various tedious tasks--like turn off WiFi and turn on Bluetooth when getting into the car. The new iPhone 5 doesn't have NFC--neener-neener!------------That said, I had a very weird problem with my original Galaxy S3, then a replacement Galaxy S3. They both locked up--hard!--then started seriously overheating when I turned the phone off, then on. When it happened the first time, I thought it was a bad phone, so I replaced it. The same thing happened again with the new phone after I loaded standard apps if I shut the phone off, then on. It would go into a constant reboot sequence and lock the screen. Battery would drain 10-15% in an hour and the case would get HOT! Issue would NOT resolve itself even if I pulled the battery!I didn't load any weird apps, just my usual stuff from the Google Play Store. One week I had to do a factory reset FIVE times! Now I am terrified to turn my phone off. Everything works fine so long as I ALWAYS leave it on. Searching the web, this peculiar problem seems very unusual.***I would love to hear from anyone who could offer insight into this weird issue!***UPDATE--I suspect it is an issue with that lame Facebook app. I loaded Facebook and the phone experienced severe battery drain and overheating. Removed Facebook, problem disappeared. Hmmm.------------UPDATE 2--I've owned the Samsung Galaxy S III for several months now and it works perfectly. There have been two software/firmware upgrades for the Galaxy S III, and Facebook finally fixed its buggy app.