I've had this product for slightly over 2 weeks. Note that I said product and not phone. The first phone that I received worked fine for about 10 days. Then it suddenly went blank and no amount of cajoling could get it to work again. I called Nokia to see what they could do. But they told me that since the phone was brought from Amazon it wasnt covered under the Nokia warranty (since Amazon is not one of their authorized sellers - whatever !!). So I called up Amazon and they assured me that someone from the Cell phone support team would get back to me within 2 business days. I wasnt sure what to expect next.I casually happened to check my account on Amazon the following day and noticed that Amazon had already shipped the replacement. I received the new phone within 48 hours of encountering the problem. This is where the fantastic Amazon service saved the day for me. The reason I've taken away one star in this review is that the first phone broke down abruptly.Back to reviewing the phone - There's not much for me to add here, a lot has been covered in other reviews. The product quality is amazing, very sleek and impressive. The photos dont do justice to the real thing. You have to see it to believe it ! Wireless connection to my home network was easy, too easy ! Camera is pretty decent - I've captured images and videos. I was able to upload these to the web from the phone in almost no time. Speaker quality is good - I've been listening to internet radio and music from the memory with complete satisfaction. Being a Blackberry 7100T user, the keyboard took some time to get used to, but now its as easy to use as the keyboard on my laptop. 3G connect is fantastic - I get great connectivity to the AT&T; network.The only complaints I have are:- The battery doesnt get charged when the phone is connect to the computer.- Nokia used a 2.5 mm headphone jack instead of the universal 3.5mm. Not a major issue since they provide a set of headphones.Overall - I highly recommend this phone.