I've been a Nokia fan/user for over a decade.  I've owned many Nokia phones, ones I can easily recall owning are 8800, e50, e51, e71.  I've been using the e71 since it came out, and it is by far the best phone Nokia has ever made.  I'm not sure why it took Nokia 3 years to put a touchscreen on the e71, but one would think that after 3 years, it would be the greatest, most awesome phone, ever.  It is not.  It isn't even better than the e71.  It simply doesn't feel as nice in hand.  It doesn't look as good.  It just isn't as intuitive and, well, a good all around phone.I've been a long supported of Nokia.  I, until recently, genuinely beleived they are still the best phone maker, and that they will come back, etc.  They are not, and odds are that they will never come back.  They have a CEO who is more concerned with the success of Microsoft WP (it failed when it was first announced) than Nokia.  One phone that is generating buzz, Nokia N9, he said it will be the first and last Meego phone.  That really works wonders in getting people excited about an upcoming phone.  He did the same with Symbian.To sum it up: I will be returning the phone because it has many of the problems other reviewers had mentioned, and most importantly....I am returning it because Nokia e71 is a better phone and I enjoy using it more.  I will be using the e71 until I find another qwerty phone that is comparable to it.  The new BB 9900 Touch is amazing, the only problem is that I found it to be too wide/big.Word of advice to Nokia....Take Nokia e71.  Make the exact same phone with the fastest processor (why does Nokia e6 have such a slow processor compared to its competition!? yet the price is on par) you on the market, put a touchscreen in it and don't do anythign else to it.  Everything about that phone is perfect.Nokia, stop being delusional.  You are not a market leader anymore.  You peaked with Nokia e71.  Either make great, quality phones to justify the price tag...or sell this junk (in comparison to e71) for $200.PS. The apostrophe key, as one of the other reviewers had mentioned, has moved and you have to hold the shift key and L for it...Who though that would be a good idea!?This alone would make me return the phone as it slows down typing quite significantly and throws you off rhytm when texting/e-mailing.