I got this phone just 4 months ago. The calls are nice and clear. Its very user friendly. Not much in the way of selection for ring tones and no micro sd slot. The camera is great if you are outside and have lots of light. If you don't it is horrible and dark. I also don't like that it doesn't automatically start another page of text when you reach the maximum 160 characters. Also you can't respond to emails through the preset location for email and im. You have to set up your email through the internet and save the page as a favorites in order to respond. Because of this you are not alerted when you receive an email.All that being said it was still a functioning phone. Nothing fancy. After four months of use during a phone call my ear piece speaker went out. Zip, nada, zero, no sound at all. DURING A CONVERSATION! If I am going to talk to someone on the phone I have to remember to either answer the call through the speaker phone or turn the speaker phone on before dialing or I am listening to air.Oh and another complaint. The battery life stinks. I sometimes am down to yellow one bar battery by one in the afternoon. I don't even turn my phone on most days until 10 to 10:30. I am not in any way abusive to my phone. I set it down, not thrown or dropped onto the counter or coffee table. I only plug it in when the battery is low. I realize I am odd in that I turn it off every night too! So I was very upset that my speaker went out and the battery is sucking the life out of itself so quickly.My husband has the same phone and had it for one day longer then me. He works in a place that is very dusty and dirty with dry chemical ingredients flying about and his phone works okay. Though his battery life is beginning to decrease rapidly in just the last week or two.So I guess if you need a phone for just a few months until you can get the Samsung Prevail or the BlackBerry, then this one seems to be fine. But four months seems to be its limits.Boost service is fantastic though! We left T-mobile to save money and didn't loose any of the service that we had with them when we switched over. So very pleased with Boost service. Just not too thrilled with the Motorola Theory.