Ever since my Blackberry Curve 8900 has been dead, I've been researching phones all over the internet. My criteria were the following: decent camera (>3MP), LED flash, Android 2.2 or 2.3, touchscreen, fast processor, good battery, and under 250 US dollars. After a week of researching (and being phone-less), I settled on the LG Optimus One P500 (even though it didn't have the LED flash I was hoping for).My first concern when I found this phone on Amazon was whether or not this phone would work with my T-Mobile SIM card, since the title says international version, but didn't say unlocked. I was also concerned about the lack of reviews (at the time, there were only three other reviews). After some hesitation, I placed an order with The OEM Shop.A week later, I received my phone and my first impressions were quite good. After inserting my SIM card and powering up the phone, I discovered that my T-Mobile service worked (not 100% sure if it'll work with AT&T; though). After setting up and playing around for a good hour, I have a few things to say about this phone.Pros:- Fast processor; much faster than my old Blackberry- Android OS 2.2 is amazing. Haven't figured out how to upgrade to 2.3 yet, but that's supposed to be available for this phone too.- Touchscreen is responsive and accurate- Allows up to 32 GB on a micro SD card- speakerphone is great- sturdy construction and very pleasing to the eye- Extremely easy setup with your Google account- Bluetooth exchange is fast (I don't use a headset. I just tested bluetooth by sending a file from my computer)- The phone was shipped with a screen protector already applied. (I wished I knew this earlier before buying a pack of screen protectors along with the phone)Cons:- very small internal memory (170MB). I use a moderate amount of apps (I have about 20 apps installed on the internal memory with about 40MB left and 25 apps installed on the SD card). If you're a heavy app user, don't get this phone. Some apps can't be transferred to the SD card, but with some research, I think there's a way to get around this.- A little on the heavy side.- Camera quality isn't too great. Pictures are better than other cameras in its price range, but they were still not too clear.Overall, I am extremely happy with my purchase. Though there are some things that bother me, I think this phone suits me very well for the price I paid.