Short story: started using it in June (6 months ago). Worked fine for the first month, then started slowing down. Uninstalled apps I installed to speed it up- no difference. Factory reset- no difference. No dropping and/or damage on my part. Good starter phone for those new to Android.Tech-savvy, beware.Pros:*Inexpensive*Good graphics/display*Slim*"Decent" photo capturing (nice for a low-quality phone like this, a joke compared to iphone,  galaxy s 2+ phones)*Decent battery life (the slowness of the phone had me using it less, making the battery last longer)*Big screen for a basic phoneCons:*Super slow after minimal use*Constant freezing when opening apps (EVERY app- messaging, phone calls, photo gallery ESPECIALLY youtube, email, etc.)*Freezing when trying to hang up phone (screen stays black until other person hangs up)*Access to battery and SIM card- The flimsy back cover must be RIPPED off to gain access to the battery. I wish I was over-exaggerating, but I'm not. I have to stick my nail in the back (yeah, my nail broke a couple times) and pull it off, almost to the point of feeling you will break it.*To pattern unlock, it has a major delay which then causes the phone to think you did the wrong pattern.* Using the on-screen keyboard is a JOKE!!! When upright, delay is bearable, but only for someone who has absolutely no smartphone experience. I never, ever use the horizontal keyboard- it is so incredibly slow that a slow texter like myself is annoyed by it. I'd rather sign into gmail on a computer and type up a SMS message and send it that way. The delay starts at the very first word, and it is so delayed that the phone says you typed in words incorrectly (or skipped spaces, letters). The auto-correct function is useless due to this delay.*After 5th use of speech-to-text, it completely stopped working.****Could be seen as a pro or con, depending on what you want: very basic, light weight (I prefer something that doesn't feel like a toy)Bottom line: I wouldn't recommend this phone, except maybe a child. My grandmother who just switched to a "flat phone" (this is what she calls smartphones) said this piece of junk is slow. I've had this darn thing for 6 months and I am about ready to trash it!!! Never again will I buy an LG electronic device!*If this is any help, I'm a 25 year old in college/mom/works part-time. I needed this phone for calls, texting, emailing, and basic photo capturing. I didn't care about downloading apps or anything fancy, but after 6 months, I can barely do the basic functions I need. Just bought my Husband the Galaxy S3, so I will be switching to his almost 2 year old Samsung Transform Ultra.