I really liked this phone. It is almost a clone of samsung galaxy III. The fetures are great, works great. Screen is responsive. I can recommend this phone.There were some comments about battery being drained. First day after I charged the battery (100%), I had all the processes on for the phone (WiFi, google location, automatic syncing and vibration etc etc), with in 20 min the battery went down to 80% (I lost 20% of battery). I was bit woried but then I went through google how to save battery life on androids (by then my batter was drained to 55%. After checking on google I disabled key press vibrations, general vibrations, automatic syncing, google locations and most importantly I disabled WiFi when I did not need it/did not use it.After that it was magical, the battery was so stable. I turn on the WiFi when I use. Since I did the first full charge, I did not charge the battery till now (which is more than 24 hrs) and still I got 40% battery life left.The key is do not keep the un necessary apps or location trackings and WiFi's on that drains the battery.Back to the phone,It is greatresponsive touch screenresolution is greatback camera is good although it takes great still pictures, the any shake or movement makes the pics really blurry. one has to get used to it.front camera i did not check.apps are running great.call quality/voice quality is good.browsing /surfing is fast as the processor is reasonably faster.I played videos- good resolution quality.By the way the phone is android 4.1.1 - I specifically checked.I did not use ear phones yet.I did not play video games on it and I do not play video games. so the quality for video games doesnot matter for me.Eventhough I ordered the phone with a standard shipping which was suppose to take 18-20 days and I was supposed to receive the phone between March 18th to April 3rd, The seller(Standard-Mart) shipped the product by so fast delivery that by 4th March I have the phone delivered to me. Hats-off to the seller. They had an extra case  and a stylus for the phone.  I recommend this seller to anyone.The bottom line is the phone so far worked as SIII- except the beam.I have ATT sim card so everything is working fine.What else, IT IS GREAT BUY FOR THE PRICE. SIII COSTS AROUND 400-599 ( I GUESS) AND IF ONE CAN GET SIMILAR PHONE FOR 172 BUCKS, IT IS GREAT ISNT IT.One thing I would like to know is where to find a case for this phone. Right now I am using without a case and afraid that it might break if I drop it on the floor (as it is made of plastic mostly).