I paid $320 for this phone when it first came out at Virgin Mobile, it was love at first sight the screen is just amazing the phone is stylish and has a nice feel. I was so happy with this phone, now it's been 11 months since I originally bought this phone it is a piece of junk now! The phone constantly turns off and on and sometimes wont turn on at all! The screen cracked right in half from the one time I dropped it (normally had a case in this phone but took it off that day for some odd reason.) The screen is supposed to be of high quality but the phone fell off my lap and on the payment not even a one foot drop and it cracked right in half. Another major problem is the lock button just decided it didn't want to work anymore this happened about 7 months into this phone! I downloaded an app that allows the proximity sensor to work as a lock button this is just a big pain and so annoying. Other problems the speaker now sucks, the screen goes crazy and has random lines and movements almost wave like. I hate this phone and have replaced it and left Virgin Mobile forever! HORRIBLE customer service the worst I've ever dealt with! I would strongly suggest anyone interested in this phone to go to Straight Talk they have S3's that run on Sprint Towers as well As Verizon's which is incredible! Blows sprint out of the water my Verizon 3G is so much faster than Sprints 4G! I am now a proud owner of the LG Optimus Showtime which blows this phone out of the water as far as the guts go! I warn you do not buy this phone or you will be in need of a new phone in under one year! I always take good care of my phones with professional applied screen protectors and cases! I would strongly suggest staying away from this phone sure it's a gorgeous phone but looks aren't everything. Also forgot to mention the touch buttons just suck! They hardly work half of the time. I hate this phone now and am so disappointed in a phone I paid over $300 for and it just went to crap after 8 months! I am now a hater of Virgin Mobile! Sure they have amazing phones at great prices but the customer service is horrible and sprint for the most part has the worst towers around. I am now sticking with Straight Talk and plan to upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy S3 on Verizons towers!