I have been using a Motorola Cliq for about nine months.  My last phone was a Blackberry Curve.  Overall the Cliq is a solid phone from a hardware perspective, although the left-handed pointer is rather odd given the majority of the population is right handed.  Unless you are ambidextrous or left handed, the pointer will be unusable.From the software perspective, the Android operating system is horrible and barely usable.  While it is cool to surf the Internet because of the larger screen, the phone is barely usable as a phone.  On incoming calls, pushing the big green "answer" button typically does nothing.  Most of the time my incoming calls end up in voicemail while I repeated push, tap, hit, or beat on the answer button to no avail.  Then I have to call the person who called me, which increases my minute usage.  Android also has an odd habit of pocket dialing people in my contacts list, particularly those on speed dial, even while the screen is locked, further increasing my minute usage and resulting in odd call backs from friends and business associates.The Android marketplace is as well designed as Blackberry's which means it stinks.  Applications are not properly tested or vetted (like Apple does for the iPhone) so there is a huge quantity of junk and non-working applications many of which crash the phone.  Some applications, particularly Twidroid, seem to updated daily causing constant downloading and reinstallation over and over again.If I had to do it over again, I would have upgraded to a newer Blackberry.  If Apple would sell the iPhone for providers other than AT&T;, which has the worst coverage in the Phoenix metro area, I would look at an iPhone.  If you have an iPod Touch as I do, the primitive touch screen interface of Android takes a lot of getting used to.Battery life is horrible!  Plan on buying and keeping 1 or 2 spare charged batteries because the Cliq turns into a brick around late morning unless its continuously charged.  And don't think plugging this puppy into a USB port or the wall for a quick 20-minute refresh will do anything.  Plan on 6 hours to recharge.  You will have to charge nightly and several times during the day.  In comparison, my Blackberry only needed to be charged every 4 days with the same amount of usage.Google should stick to search engines and browsers because they don't know the first thing about making a usable phone operating system.  I can't wait until T-Mobile will allow me to upgrade again and I chuck this beast in the trash can!