The LG Viper 4G LTE (LS 840) smartphone on the Sprint network has been the worst experience that I have ever had.  I switched from AT&T; to Sprint so I could get unlimited voice, data, and text.  Now I am not sure if switching to Sprint was the right thing to do.  I have had numerous call drops, garbled voices, and tower signal fluctuations.  I rarely get a 4G LTE connection and when I am in range of a tower, I don't see 6 Mbps Internet speed, I am getting less than 1 Mbps and even then it is slow.  I have complained about downloading Apps that sometimes take over a half hour yet the file size is a mere 2 megabytes!  As for the phone (not sure if all this has to do with the phone or network) but for sure, the phone stinks.  The battery life for this phone is terrible.  The phone on standby won't even last a day at work.  If I use it to make a few calls and use GPS, then forget it!  The phone is dead in about four hours.  Also, this phone gets very hot!!!!!  I cannot use the GPS in my vehicle for more than an hour and the phone heats up and I get a warning message that the phone is overheating and then it turns off right when I need it most, traveling using GPS to guide me.  This phone sucks.  The makers of this phone (LG) need to get some design engineers that know how to make a phone.  I absolutely hate this phone.  Don't get it.I recently had a terrible experience.  A family member had been stung 30 times by a hive of yellow jackets, I received a call from my family member's neighbor and then my phone drops the call.  I called 911 to get help to my family member and the phone dropped the 911 call!!!!!  That was it for me.  I called Sprint and demanded a replacement phone.  They agreed, and are sending another LG Viper.Sprint won't let me switch to a better phone because my 2-year contract with this junky phone just started a couple of months ago.  Now I just hope the Sprint network is not the reason for all these horrible dropped calls. I do believe the phone is definitely a piece of junk.  It does not pull in the signal and it gets extremely hot.