I am new to the smartphone universe and I'm wondering how I ever got along without one. At the time of this writing I have owned my BJ for only 24 hours and I am having fun learning how to stay organized, play my favorite music, and actually hear people who call my phone.The quality on the external speaker is excellent. There is zero distortion of music as it comes through the speaker which is on the back of the phone. I love the fact that you can play music between calls and there is an option to have the music continue where it left off after you receive a call. Phone reception is the best I've experienced in a cell phone, ever. I noticed right away that I could hear callers much better than I could on my Motorola Razr; that is a big plus. The speakerphone option is also an added bonus and it too is crystal clear.WINDOWS MOBILE 5 was the selling point for me. You don't need special software to get your favorite music, email, or organizational tools. It's already on your computer and all you have to do is load the Samsung Blackjack disc that comes with your phone. I reccomend getting this done right out of the box. Then all you have to do is perform your initial synch to set up your Outlook Calendar and contacts. There are also a few trials on the disc that may be of interest, like NotepadSynch so that you can save the notes you write yourself on your BJ onto your computer hardrive. Windows Media 10 on your PC is already set up to interact flawlessly with BJ media so programming music favorites is a cinch. I had no problems loading songs to my phone and its fast! You can also have a lot of fun using the Song ID. It will "listen" to a song as you play it from your radio or computer and allow you to store the artists' name and song info---how kewl is that! Warning, this feature can be quite addictive.I really like the camera quality on this phone. I was so frustrated with the Razr camera I just stopped using it altogether. Now I am looking forward to taking pictures and using them with CallerID. My only hangup is the fact that you can only access the camera via the START menu. There is a video feature but I do not plan to use it much as there is no flash on this phone.