Ahh, The Samsung Galaxy S II. Probably one of the most anticipated devices of 2011. A phone that breaks all barriers. One of the first phones of its class, sporting a 1.2GHz dual core processor, 1GB of RAM and a Super AMOLED Plus 4.3 inch touch screen. The phone stocks 2.3.4 Android Gingerbread, and boy does this phone run it good! Phones like the Evo 3D that have similar specs just can't keep up with how good of a phone this is. It has no lag what so ever, no problems with multitasking and just runs everything perfectly.The Screen is just gorgeous, nearly impossible to see pixels, and colors are bright. The phone uses new technology that instead of back lighting the whole screen, it only back lights the parts of the phone that need to be. If half the screen is black and half if blue, then only the blue side of the backlit will shine. Which results in incredible battery and truer blacks.Screen: 9.5/10Next comes battery. Most Androids struggle with battery, especially phones with large screens. This phone has a large 4.3 inch screen, damn fast processor and a ton of RAM, yet the battery is incredible! The phone can last a full day of 'all day long' use. And up to three-four days of just moderate calls and emails with the brightness level at about 65-70 percent.Battery: 9.5/10Now we shall talk about speed! This seems to be *no* problem with the GSII, as its incredible 1.2GHz Exoys processor doesn't lag, jam up or slow you down. Everything is perfect with it and thats why there isn't much to say.Speed/Processor: 10/10Here comes the look and feel of the phone. This phone is the thinnest smartphone in the US. It has a carbon fiber back that is extremely light and makes the phone like air. The phone still feels full and real even though of the thin design. This is also one of the sexiest devices we have seen, the screen, the back everything!Design/Look/Feel: 10/10The camera on the back is an 8MP auto focus point and shoot while the one on the front is 2MP. Usually we only see VGA on the front, so it's great to see a 2MP one. The camera is unreal and zooming is a dream.Camera: 10/10Finally comes call quality. The phone's headset speaker is extremely loud, so even if the person is whispering the call sounds clear and loud. The microphones is also very good so the person on the other end can hear you just as well. We find that the call quality is great, the phone is nice to hold and all an all is great.Call Quality: 9.5/10Overall, this is one of the best phones we have seen and the best device of 2011 so far.Overall: 9.5/10