Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Full U.S. Warranty (Ultramarine Blue)My service provider: T-mobileMy service package: Voice (No data service)My application: personal useIf you are considering buying a smart phone and you don't want to pay a whole lot of money I would say BUY THIS PHONE NOW. This phone is the lil brother of the Nokia E71x and I would say buy the E63 and save your money. I bought this phone on 6/30/09 and it was sent to me 2 days later. I bought the phone for [..] and received a $[...] rebate, so I paid [...] for the phone. The phone is easy to setup and and the user interface and not hard to navigate once you get used to it. There phone is very much customizable so you can fit it just how you like it.Pros:-THE PHONE CAN READ TEXT MESSAGES, ALOUD!-QWERTY keyboard is large enough so you don't accidentally hit the wrong keys.-Shortcut buttons can be setup however you would like.-As always nokias are sturdy as a brick so you don't have to worry about this thing breaking in one drop, however I would still recommend buying a case for it though.-THERE IS A WAY TO SET THIS UP TO SYNC WITH MICROSOFT OUTLOOK 2007! I was able to sync it with my calendar as well as my email that is used through my school(baylor).-Can connect to any wi-fi signal as long as it is public or you can get the data service from your provider.-You do not have to pay for a data package because you can set the phone us to use various wi-fi signals wherever you are.-There are a whole bunch of apps that you can add to your phone:[...]Cons:-The phone only has a limited amount of memory so you will have to buy a microSD card but I bought an 8GB microSD [...] with an adapter for only $[...], and it works well.- There is no high speed data transfer for this phone, but like I said if you connect to a fast enough wireless signal this should not be a problem.-If you have AT&T; you can use 3G if you have tmobile you will have to use 2G but it still is fast enough.