Don't be fooled by it's good looks, this phone is awful.  Spotty service on 3G and EDGE, inability to make notes (making the keyboard on it pretty useless unless its solely for texting), complicated interface, frustrating menus, and low speaker volume.  The volume is a really big gripe with me.  At it's loudest setting, I miss almost every single call I get when in the car, no matter which ring tone I use.Bluetooth headsets are pretty frustrating as well, the phone doesn't supports voice-dialing, and if you have many contacts, better pull off to the side of the road to scan through them all, dial, turn on/connect the headset, and you're ready to go.  Yes, you'd save time by pulling over to find a pay phone.Then there's AT&T;/Cingular's service.  These are "special people" folks.  Even a year after its release, they know nothing about the Blackjack.Want some navigation?  Try using GoogleMaps or the TeleNav system AT&T; wants to sell you.  I bought it, tried it, but nothing happens.  Apparently, there's no built-in GPS in the phone.  What?  A smart phone with no GPS?  You heard right, what they don't tell you after signing up for TeleNav is that you also need to buy a $100 GPS add-on.  Then pay the monthly fee.  Got it?  You're better off buying a separate portable GPS system for under $200; you'll save a ton of money, believe me.Also, the phone takes awhile to boot-up and shut down and the speaker phone isn't very loud on it's loudest setting (unless you're sitting in a quiet room).So what's the good thing about this phone?  Well, it looks nice and shiny.  The screen is nice and big.  It takes good pictures and video.  It will play MP3s (but the volume will cripple you, unless you have the headphones with the special connector--no standard headphone jack here).  Oh, and sometimes you can even make phone calls!  Isn't that neat?Bottom line, if you want a phone with a built-in GPS, a notepad feature, voice-dialing via Bluetooth, decent volume, and a good signal, then avoid this one!PS: I'm not even mentioning the battery life or the WAY too small keyboard.