This phone is terrible. I got it because it had positive reviews from CNET and was the cheapest Smart Phone available at the verizon store I went to. I was particularly fond of the slide out keyboard (which I still think is great). It was the cheapest for a reason. Its just plain terrible. Here are the problems:1. Storage Space: This phone has terrible storage space. Yes, it comes with a micro SD card with 4 gigabytes, but what they do not tell you is most apps cannot be installed on the SD card, and even ones that can still require internal memory space. The phone has around 250 megabytes of space, most of which are taken up by the operating system and the pre installed apps you cannot remove (like myspace). Anyone who wants a decent amount of apps should avoid this phone if at all possible. I am a news junkie and I have one news app on my phone because I do not have room for more. Even Worse, if you are low on storage space, say goodbye to any incoming text messages. The phone will tell you the text message was rejected and even after clearing up the space you still won't get the text message.2. slow speed: the operating speed on this phone is very slow. most games do not work. the ones that do lag. further every once in a while the phone freezes. Best part, you cant turn it off because you need the touch screen to turn it off, so you need to remove the battery in order to restart the phone.3. SD card: Other than the fact that many apps cannot be stored on the SD card, the phone often looses recognition of the SD card installed in it. Often times my apps installed on the SD card will not open because the phone does not recognize the SD card. Often the SD card is not registered as being in the phone.So basically, stay away from this phone. It is a piece of junk. You will be stuck with your phone for two years, so don't get cheap like I did, pay more for a decent phone. This one will drive you crazy and you will count the many months until you get your upgrade again and even contemplate buying another phone at full value just because you cannot stand this one!