After reading on the internet about all the unhappy iPad owners that had accidentally screwed up their SIM cards by cancelling prepaid cellular data plans because they deactivated their accounts instead of just stopping the payment plan, I was real nervous about whether this would work for my iPad 3.  I had done the same, not realizing that deactivating my prepaid cellular account would make my SIM card worthless.  Verizon had told me to go and get a new SIM card at a Verizon store back when I did the incorrect deactivation, but Verizon stores will not give out SIM cards unless you are putting your iPad on your regular monthly "postpaid" account, which I most definitely do not want to do.So I ordered this SIM card to try to resurrect prepaid cellular on my iPad 3.  When the new SIM card came, I put it in my iPad and activated a new prepaid data plan (1GB) with Verizon.  With one small problem, it worked fine, and now my iPad 3 is again able to use prepaid cellular data for our upcoming trip.  I'm very relieved that all the speculation about not being able to use a prepaid data plan anymore is just not true.  People even talked about exchanging their iPad's to get a new SIM card, but you definitely don't need to do that, just get a new SIM card like this one.The only problem that I had was an interesting one, and might help some of you out there. The activation of the cellular data stuff did not go through the first time that I tried it.  Turns out that since I have a Verizon Network Extender, I had to disable that until cellular data was totally activated.  Once the activation was completed, and I could actually use cellular data, I turned the Network Extender back on, and it's all working well.  But for the time that the activation was processing, I had to have the Network Extender off.Also, the fact is that these SIM cards work for either postpaid and prepaid plans.  There's no such thing as a "prepaid SIM card", there's only one kind of SIM card for your iPad.I'm very happy with the way that this has turned out. I was anticipating that I might not be able to use my iPad with cellular data at all, after having paid a bunch extra for that functionality.  Good to go now!