Received on the 7th of September 2011 in factory SEALED packaging. As has been mentioned by another reviewer, the Samsung Galaxy S II GT-i9100 device doesn't start-up in English. However, once I figured  out the right language settings, set-up was all smooth sailing from there. The Samsung Galaxy S II GT-i9100 is highly 'customizable', in its factory unlocked state. After spending ~24hrs with it, I suggest (1)Charging up the battery (~3hrs+; if phone is off, press volume button to see charge state), (2) Initial setup completed via wi-fi , (3) Having a Google account; configure-able on device (4) Having a Samsung mobile account, which is also possible to do on the device (5)If you plan to use it on a GSM network, pre-obtain confirmed, compatible, working network internet and MMS settings ::Wink, wink::.That said, if you're still reading this comment you're intelligent enough to figure out the device. Google is your best friend.The goods not already mentioned, this device comes equipped with 1.2GHz dual-core Exynos 4210 chip (confirmed), already pre-loaded with Android 2.3.4.; no need to worry about how to get an update :), and will update via apps store to Adobe Flash 10.3 so you can stream flash video like you do on your desktop computer.The device also comes preloaded with Swype, Google talk (with voice commands like voice search) and video chat capabilities, download your favorite apps (Skype, Yahoo messenger, Qik) and you're set.One thing worth mentioning is that there are detailed manuals for the GT-i9100 in English via Samsung UK support. Download the adobe files, open, and read to continue to amaze and amuse yourself.That's all for now folks... I'm off to continue enjoying my new device. Can't believe I waited this long to make up my mind about the purchase, I guess my main concern was not being able to get an update to at least Android 2.3.3 since I live in the US; I don't know what that's all about but it appears I'm on the receiving end. I thought I would have to write new codes and edit web sourceable ROMs and software, imagine my surprise when I checked the stats and it has Android 2.3.4! (Tip: tap repeatedly on the "Android 2.3.4" line  of the stats to discover an 'easter egg'. O... the joys of owning a highly satisfactory android device.)