I got sucked  in the touch screen/3.2mp camera-voice activated comands gadgets and at the time i bought it, blackberries ruled the world.I wasnt prepared for a tech device to work this terrible. It processes information so slowly that youd think it was an Atari Amiga. It basically has no hard drive memory. Take 4 pics and the  thing will start slowing down. I havent tried any other touch screen phones but i gotta say  only tinkerbell would be able to write in this puppy without having to press the wrong letters and backtracking several times on a conversation. Forget about chatting at your normal speeds. Nicole Richie cant tame this POS. The camera is good but it takes so long to get ready youll never capture any important moment. The voice activated feature seems to be developed by Helen Keller(she was deaf too, i googled it) as it NEVER ONCE got a correct name. People would see me in the street yelling at the phone NOOO, NOOO, NOOO.while giving me a differente option? "Did you say Kyle?" "No its MIKE!!!"Imagine that everytime it got me the wrong name(WHICH WAS 90% OF THE TIME) All of these happened when it worked properly.First thing that went was the keyboard. I have to hold the phone vertically for the letters S, A, M, N, P and enter and horizontally for the rest. After that every  touch option started malfunctioning. The contacts options, the call history function and even the dialing option!!! A phone you cant make calls from!!! I had to to turn the thing on and off at least 3 times a day(it took about 3 minutes to restart each time). This is the only tech device created by man that  has made me BEG. I would ask it in submissive manner to please wOrk just this time for this important call and i would promise not to bother it anymore that day.I cant imagine a company making something this horrid unless it was a voluntary attempt to avenge the wrongful imprisonment of a loved one. If your wife gives this to you, you could use in court as evidence of psychological abuse. This is the William Hung of cellphones and you will think youre being PUNKED. Youre not. Its actually like this. Run away from this phone. Huya, no se detenga!!! Just Run!!!