This is the best Windows Mobile phone I have ever had, period. All the bugs and kinks have finally been worked out, and the phone even has a task manager hard button! (WM does not kill programs when you exit they just go to the background and eat up resources. You have to go into the task manager to kill programs) It is also the fastest WM phone I've had also. I hate Android and OS, don't even get me started on Apple products....... I have had smart phones since they started making them and I have always preferred Windows. My first unlocked phone was the Motorola Mpx220 (old school).  Windows 7 is great but it doesn't even support the landscape view, yet. So I'm sure it will need a million updates and tweaks before it get's worked out. Anyway this is Microsofts greatest scam anyway. once they fix all the bugs in any operating system, they start from scratch again.  If you like gadgets and like to keep up with the Jones's this phone is not for you. For the smart phone power user this is the best WM phone. I do everything from my phone from writing reports and e-mails for work and my small business.For instance  I have already made a power point presentation right from this phone then synced with my laptop and even my PC (which is at home) from I94 during rush hour on the train on my way to work.  My only complaint is the camera sucks !!! My last phone was the Xperia X2, which turned out the be a great phone after I rid the phone of all the Sony Ericsson software that ruined the phone and it had a 5MP camera. I almost never used my digital camera after I started to use the phone. Compared to $700 that I paid for it the day it was released (and it still sells for around $300) this phone does it all minus the radio, picture quality, and direct video output (which I never used, because I could never keep up with the cord) for $100.Still using the phone as of 11/17/2011. It freezes up periodically but after I updated the sofware it started to work great again.. I also forgot to mention because this is a world phone it works on CDMA and GSM networks. I went from Verizon to AT&T; to TMobile pre-paid. No more contracts and overages, mysterious/surprise fees and that pesky fee of the month fee.