I bought a Palm Pixi because I was sick of my droid X. I got the best phone on Verizon's Network and honestly I liked my enV more. Now my reasons for not liking the Droid X had nothing to do with hardware, it had the best hardware HD camera, 1ghz processor, slim, and fantastic storage and on board memory. I hated Android. It was clunky and things that should be easily changed couldn't be. All keyboards suck on Android. I bought many, tried swype none of them were over 75% accurate. I liked the Pixi Plus since one no one has one I like to be unique. Another plus over droid X is its small like half the size which is good atleast in my eyes. Before I bought this I was like it could be too small the keys wont be any different than on the touchscreen but the keys are pretty much perfect a little bigger would be better but they work. They are back lit as well which I worried about since it didnt say it anywhere but I could find people talking about the pre's back lit keyboard so I was worried but they are so nbd. Onto WebOS. Its nice pretty easy to use and a lot easier to get used to than Android. Contacts are neat as they merge everything into the one app. Emails, facebook, I.M., and home work and cell phones into one contact. The only thing I dont like is I have emails from people that I dont talk to really but dont want them deleted so they show up in my contacts (as in you cant remove them from contacts) And really my only other problem is the Pixi is slow out the gate if the Pixi had the innards of the Droid X it would be a tremendous winner. Good news about the WebOS devices is there is a great homebrew community which I was skeptical about but it real is practical and pretty official. They have a store that you download a real easy process and you get neat things like plugins and you can overclock your phone. Which is a necessity for the Pixi. You dont have to overclock much its stock is 600mhz and 740mhz is the lowest overclock available and is fine. It doesnt get any warmer or drain the battery like a fiend. Speaking of which, the battery can last all day if your not doing real heavy use. Another plus is on Verizon you get the 5GB Mobile Hotspot free which is usually an additional $50 a month. You dont have to hack phone or anything like on android. The phone is really good and accessories are dirt cheap I mean batteries $4? Yeah grab a few of those. But other than that solid phone have had no problems with restarting or not getting texts or anything. Completely worth the $60!