Like others, this phone was purchased to get out from under the hefty contracts from other service providers.People keep asking me "Is that a BlackBerry?" This was purchased for me as a gift so I didn't research the product beforehand. Since then I have found that it is made by BlackBerry, although I imagine it's a very stripped-down model. By the way, this was bought at Target recently on clearance for less than $20.00, because they're close-outs for new models.Like I said, I didn't research the phone, although I'd seen them in the store before they were put on the clearance shelf. At that time, I believe they retailed for around $90.00. I went with the $25 Virgin Mobile plan since we text more than call, but may change later. The plans themselves are very straight-forward and are a bargain.The phone itself is quite a bit superior to my old U.S. Cellular LG flip phone. I've had it for about (3) years and was actually my first to come equipped with a camera (you can see how much multi-tasking phones mean to me). It was pretty beat up, but reliable.The Kyocera psuedo-BlackBerry phone is decent in most respects. Since I never had an iPhone (that kind of defeats the purpose if you're trying to save some money), I never had a phone with a touch-screen, multiple video capabilities, MP3 player, bbq grill, separate bathing facilities, etc. and so didn't miss them. The trade-off are the microscopic keys, that are great if you're a Capuchin Monkey or Pygmy Marmoset.Having actual sub-atomic sized typewriter-type keys are a bonus for me, because my old phone only had the style like you have on home land lines (ABC is one key, CDE is one key and so on). I used to have to press the keys on my LG phone two or three times until I got to the character I wanted. It was a pain to say the least.There are some decent features on the Loft, web surfing, various tools, Bluetooth, etc. that are pretty standard. My old phone could go online for an extra fee, so I never used it. One item I want to try is the GPS. You can use it for only $1.00/24 hours or $5.00/month. Since I've only had the phone a week, I haven't tried it out yet. Yes, there are a couple of things I liked about my old LG phone, mainly that it wasn't a brick by comparison, but you win some/you lose some.Another trade-off you have to deal with is that since you're doing a 'pay-as-you-go' plan with this phone through Virgin, in order to open more of the phones features, be willing to shell out extra cash. The phone works fine without the additional cost of the other apps, so I do recommend it for the budget conscious out there.