This would have been the perfect style phone for me (or so I believe).  I don't want a touch screen phone.  I love the design of this phone.  Unfortunately, I received a lemon (actually two lemons).  On the first phone, the beautiful black color on the phone (near the screen, above the keyboard) was chipped.  The phone did not appear to be new even though I was paying for a new phone.  The vendor quickly sent a replacement phone, but it looked as if someone damaged the inside of the phone (where the battery goes) with a sharp object.  There was also some damage to a small plate in the phone (one end slightly sticking up as if it had been forced up).  The front of the second phone had scratches that made the phone look like it had been used.  I returned both phones.More bad news, I bought the phone as a bundle.  Amazon "suggested" the items in the bundle.  Amazon sent a pre-paid label for the return of the phone and car charger, but I am faced with having to pay to ship the other accessories back to their vendors.  The cost of return shipping would be equivalent to or greater than the cost of the other items.  This would make no sense since I had to pay for some of the items to be shipped to me in the first place.  Nevertheless, I don't need the accessories since I don't have the phone.I shall just donate the new screen protectors and the new body glove to a non-profit organization like Goodwill or Salvation Army.  They will not fit a phone that is shaped differently (right now, I don't have a cell phone).  Buyer, beware of Amazon bundles.  If all items are from Amazon, GREAT!  If any item is outsourced and from another vendor, you may get stuck with part of a bundle.  It is not my fault that the phone I received was damaged.  I really lost money on this deal.It would have been nice if Amazon had allowed me to send the phone AND accessories to them.  The accessories were unused but appeared to be in good condition.  I am certain that Amazon could have sold the items.  This way Amazon would take some responsibility for items they "suggested" the consumer buy together.  I had not even thought about screen protectors or a body glove for the phone. Now, I am stuck with them.Live and learn!