I don't know why I waited, but after weeks of going thru all the reviews I finally got my Galaxy Note. And yup, it is verified: really an AMAZING mobile device. Yes it's a little big, but hey, don't we all like that for net browsing, viewing, texting, reading, watching, etc? And for it's size- it is VERY slim, I now pity all the **phone fanatics (theirs now look very bulky to me) coz they don't know what they're missing. When I see it in sleep mode with it's gorgeous black face, I fall in love with it. And when the screen is running, I fall in love with it even more.<><><> Its unbelievable resolution....plus fast speed....plus big screen & numerous features....plus incrediby SLIM....equals SOLD!***About 4 weeks after, and the more I use it the more I like it.-Battery life is not a problem, because I shut down all active apps when I'm done with it (sure,why not).-Super AMOLED display is flawless, even under the sun. The screen is huge, you have plenty of HD screen estate for your pictures, movies/video, and web browsing.-It has a Home button, which the US version does not have.-The screen fits a lot of icons (5 rows vs 4 rows from other phones) which can be customized according to your preference.-supports gesture controls (turn to mute, tilt to zoom, etc)-Has Exynos with topnotch power.-It has a great video player that supports various files, plays in fullHD with ease-It has FM radio which the US version prob won't have.-Great camera, so you get great detailed pics. It has a photo editor, with lots of effects. Lots of tools like image stabilization, geotagging, face/smile/blink detection, scene modes, metering, and a lot more.-Browser plays 1080p flash video, love it.-Screen is very responsive to the touch. Three screen mode choices: movie, standard, & dynamic. Imagine that.-The S-pen? What a delight.WARNING: It may look a little big, but I assure you that you will feel that way ONLY in the beginning. You will get used to it after less than a day (or maybe even after a couple of hours). Because then you will start to realize that it is THE right size. Take it from me, I'm petite.****I really want it bare, because I want to flaunt this SLIM phone...but just in case- I got a nice slim case + screen protector for it, and it fits great.****Also, just downloaded the first set of major updates wherein the msg keyboard now has the numbers on it (no need to switch screens) and I love the one-hand opearation mode. And of course we get all the updates first (faster than the US version will get it).