First let me say that this phone has proven to be much better than expected.  I had, for years, used the Tracfone Motorola 376W and was, basically, content with it (although I preferred my earlier version...the 370 for sound quality...I got the 376 because it had Bluetooth). The reason I bought this phone was two-fold:  1) I wanted to upgrade the phone, primarily, because a new technological version was available and I love new toys; and 2) the cost of this phone was (here on Amazon, at least,...w/triple minutes and 1200 minutes to start) pretty much the same as just purchasing a year card (400 minutes) with dmfl (therefore, 800 minutes from Tracfone).  Additionally, I found a 300 minute bonus code on-line so I got 1500 minutes total and a new phone for the price of 400-800 minutes!This phone is, for the most part, fairly simple to use.  To prevent any problems with downloads, I did upgrade the memory.There was a problem at first:  the battery wouldn't give a full charge...so I dealt w/ TF on their Facebook page and within 4 days had a new battery in my phone.  The new battery is doing quite well.  The phone has been on, in standby (and an occasional use on my part) for four days and the battery is still fully charged.There were some things I didn't know how to do...again I went to the Facebook page...responses were, for the most part, immediate...including late at night and during the week-end.  Frankly, they're easier to deal with on FB than on the phone.I have done minimal texting (no one I know really does it...we prefer to speak to each other) but have not had any problems in sending or receiving.  I have downloaded 2 browsers to the phone (Opera Mini and Bolt)and they have proven to be much better than the browser TF gives. I also have bookmarked FB on all 3 browsers and get in easily.I wanted to verify the TMFL...since I purchased the phone via a seller here on Amazon...back to the FB page and they verified, in writing, that I had TMFL.The sound quality is great. I wanted a loud ring tone...it took a while to figure it out and no one at TF knew how to make it louder.  Finally, for a really loud tone, one you can even hear in its case in a briefcase or bag, choose the outdoor mode.Now, if you're expecting an Iphone or a Blackberry or...this is not the phone for you...But, if you want a phone that's contemporary, does, basically, everything that the others do but at a much lower price, then this is the phone for you.  Although the proverb says "you get what you paid for"...I think I did much better than expected and, in the long run, I'm extremely happy.