I wanted to offset the single review of this phone by someone who is rightfully very upset with the seller, not the phone. Seller reviews should be totally separate from the item review.Now on to the Nokia 8800Like I said I have two of these phones. I got them from T-Mobile brand new in very fancy packaging.I thought it odd they sent both a 'desk' charger and 2 batteries for each phone.I quickly figured out why there was two batteries, the phone does not do well (last long) on a charge. I did make it through the day, but not much beyond that. We only used the two phones for about a year (my wife and I) and after about 2 years the phones would not work at all. Of the 4 batteries 3 went totally bad (bulging and no charge at all). I went to 'fire them up' later and was dismayed they would not work beyond a few minutes. I tried replacement batteries but got several garbage (junk) batteries from ebay 9worse than what I had) and it was not till I finally tried "PowerGen" brand batteries that I got good (legit) batteries. I only got two batteries but they worked better than the original batteries IMO.So on the phone. VERY nice phone, very nice craftsman's ship. Attention to detail was noticeable. I forget the exact story but these phones were originally only sold in Nieman Markus stores for crazy $$$ ($700?). The phones 'theme' was designed by a world renowned musician so, the sound and image themes are top notch.In 2007 (ish) this was a super high end 'prestige' phone.The phone itself: it is quite small, when closed and has a buttery smooth sliding motion to slide up the screen and expose the buttons underneath. The screen itself I believe is some kind of very hard crystal (it does not scratch like plastic). I think it might be sapphire (I'm sure a quick Google search will answer these details). So why did I stop using the phone? Mostly my eyesite. I got the HUGE HTC HD2 phone(s) after this, and the screen is huge in comparison. This phone's screen is tiny and I cannot imagine reading email on it (not that I did email at that point). For one who simply wants a Non "smartphone" this would be perfect.