I have been using Iphone 3GS and 4 for the last 3 years.  I have two children, and every moment is precious with them.  I had DSLR, but it is not always with you when you need it. So camera function is really important to me.  Iphone 4 had a decent camera.  And its UI is very stable and easy to use. But, Apple never gives you enough and charges a lot. Long story short, I pulled the trigger and purchased Nokia N8. I have been using it for a week, and I really liked it. Yes, there are some flaws with Symbian 3. I had to consult google at least 5 times to set up stable wi-fi, emails and bluetooth with this phone.  You need some tricks - such as inserting another sim card to see yahoo mail set up option, and once you set up your yahoo email, you can put back your original sim car and it will work.  Also you can not accept meeting invite in exchange! Symbian developers missed that! Or, when in your car connected via bluetooth, the speakers of the phone will not work.  So you can use call funtion via car speakers, but if you want to listen to music from your phones speakers, your phone cant do that.  The phone defaults the speaker/headphone/bluetooth and it does not allow you to switch back and forth (maybe this function is burried somewhere in deeper options).  It is a little slow also compare to Iphone 4.  And finaly screen is smaller than iphone and not as impressive.However, if you can accept above glitches, this phone has great functions.  Here they are:- On the go USB and able to access phone folders- Best camera in any phone in the market - with photo/video editting.- HDMI - we watched couple videos over our flat screen tv and it is super!- Real GPS - yes, it takes about 2 minutes to locate a satellite but it works great and it is free!- Very good speaker- Strange enough, after a week, I really liked the UI.  It is much faster to check your emails, couple important news, facebook updates just in 30 seconds.  I do not need to go app by app and spend 3 minutes to get the same info.- I can dump my data plan.  I do have wifi at work and at home.- there are useful application at Ovi store like bloomberg and that is what I need.What i would like to improve:- Fix various software issues- Camera lens should protected better - sticking out is not a good idea- Allow users to merge widgets- Make the screen widerAbout Nokia - if you decide to win US market, invest in customer service!  People having issues with Nokia N8 should not forced to wait even a day to replace/fix the phone.  Respect your customers and do not try to get even with them esp. if the problem is caused by your product.