I bought this phone after a ... conflict with my mother (college student), so I had to pay for my own phone. I'm... cheap, so I went with this ten dollar tracfone and a 60 minute card. I got mine at walmart, and it came with a little cell phone holster, hands free set (wired), wall charger, car charger, the texting deal (each text costs just .3 minute instead of .5), double minutes for life, and ten minutes of service. I don't get great reception in my small town, but any time I go into /a/ city, I get full bars. Texting works fine, and phone calls have been comparable to my old US Cellular phone. I'm very happy with this phone, especially considering the service I've gotten for the low price I payed. Reception has been my only issue, and only in my small town.Some features and comments:The phone is very light.It has a small ish screen, so more mature users may have difficulty reading some menu options.It has a great battery - It's been on and used every day for five days, and it still has 4/5 bars!The phone's "silent" mode has a vibrate ring. This is important to me, a student.The buttons feel durable, and the phone itself feels pretty tough.There are only two wallpapers preloaded, so if you're one of those people...It displays how many minutes and days of service you have left, the time, and date on the main screen.It doesn't have volume buttons on the side of the phone.Of course, no camera.Pocket sized.More mature users may have difficulty typing with small ish buttons.I'd also like to touch on activation. For me, it was super easy. It let me speak the activation number, and after just a few questions (not personal - just your zip code etc. for service quality), I was all set up. Adding minutes is very easy. You just call, it asks you to read the number, you can speak the number on the card, and you're all set!I can't believe a phone can be this cheap and easy. If you're ok with not having a wide selection of ringtones, wallpapers, and a camera phone (middle schooler gimmicks IMHO), this is perfect. I get similar reception to Verizon and US Cellular phones in my area, and full bars in cities, and with all the little bonuses I got... I'm very happy with this phone!