Haha, so I exaggerated the title a little, but I'm overjoyed since buying this phone.The problem with phones nowadays is everyone is trying to make it "smart."Hence, smartphones keep getting bigger and bigger.After I got the HTC HD2, with its 4.3" screen, I knew that that was it. And by that I mean that phones have crossed that threshold of portability. At that size, it is no longer a phone, but a mini-tablet computer with phone functions.So I got the Samsung Vibrant after that. At 4", the screen was comparatively smaller, but still uncomfortable for regular usage.So I got the iPhone 4 after that, and have not looked back since.However, there was still a part of me that was longing for the days of yore, when the trend was about shrinkage, and the smaller the phone, the cooler you seemed.Phones like the Nokia 8210, and then the 8250 after that, still hold a special place in my heart, just because it was so stylish and adorable.Not to mention, tough as nails!So that brings me back to this phone. I have been eyeing the Nokia X6 and its inferior twin the X3 for a while now, but didn't feel like devolving back to the Symbian OS (the Nokia N94, N85, and 5800 have taught me enough).But when I saw this 6700 slide, I knew I just had to have it.If you are new to the Symbian OS, there's not much to say than it's serviceable. But it is no Apple iOS, or even Android. So if you're a app freak like me, Symbian is not for you. The user interface is slow and quite lacking.But none of this matters to me, as I have my iPhone 4 and Nokia N900 as my main phones, and since I have several lines for my businesses, I need my secondary phones to be as light and small as possible. I don't need it to watch videos, check the Internet, etc. I just need a PHONE.So this makes a perfect secondary phone, or a good travel phone (because it's unlocked) where you are afraid to lose an expensive phone.FYI- I got mine used from the Warehouse Deals portion of Amazon, because the new ones were double the price at $200. If you don't need a brand new phone, I recommend the Warehouse Deals, because when they say "Used, Like New," they really mean it. My phone was nearly flawless - not a scratch or mark anywhere, just some unpeeled edges of the OEM protection stickers as signs of usage.