I've had this phone for almost two weeks now, and I'm loving it! I came from an iPhone 3G, then a Moto Q9h, and now to this. So far it gives me what I really want from a phone, VERSATILITY! I mean, I love to customize my phone to work FOR me, not the other way around.I loved my iPhone, but the lack of multi-tasking hampered me, and the data plan from my carrier was $30/mo. The Moto Q9h has all the features, but WM 6.1 is what it is, Windows Mobile. It tended to freeze and require at least one or two soft resets a day.This isn't my first Symbian phone, so I knew what I was walking into with the OS. What amazed me was the speed. This has got to be one of the most responsive OS UI's ever implemented, especially for a Nokia! All the features just come together nicely, and you can easily customize the phone to your liking.Quick examples:HARDWARE- 8gb Class 6 Transcend MicroSD- OtterBox Impact CaseSOFTWARE- Opera Mini (Web Browser)- Photo Browser (Nokia Beta Labs)- Fring (Instant Messenger)- Google Maps- ThreadSMS (Threaded Text Messaging)- Mail For Exchange (Nokia)- ProfiMail (HTML Email Client)Sounds like a lot of personalizing there, but it's more like you're starting with a blank slate for the phone, and you're just adding what you really need.As for the rest of the phone, the thing feels rock solid. The keyboard takes a few days to get used to. The keyboard shortcuts are great, and I really dig that this model has a dedicated "Ctrl" key. The preset buttons for Calendar, Contacts, and Messaging can be remapped to what you want them to do. The screen had me worried because I didn't know if it was made of a scratch-resistant material. The OtterBox case comes with a thick screen protector, so that solves that.In a nutshell... Snappy performance, fully customizable, mp3 and video ringtones (not kidding), good signal, doesn't need the more expensive data plan from At&t;, when a program were to freeze just hold the home key (task manager) and close it from there (doesn't usually happen), and it's great for multitasking!