I got the unlocked Nokia C6-01 because it's alleged to be a smartphone with pentaband capability that can work both in the U.S. and overseas.  For basic cell phone usage, the phone does work.  I have been able to use it overseas and in the U.S. as a basic cell phone without any problem.  Where the phone fails though is as a smartphone.Bootup is excruciatingly slow.  It takes so long for anything to appear on the screen that I often (needlessly) press and hold the power button because I'm never sure that I actually turned the phone on.The phone also randomly reboots itself.  I've had it reboot during websurfing.  I've had it reboot while checking the Ovi application store.  It randomly reboots when listening to MP3 songs.  It reboots when looking at text messages.  Every reboot is annoying, and it's made worse by the slow bootup (see previous paragraph).The Ovi application store is a joke.  First, there's hardly any applications there compared to Android or Apple.  And when using the Ovi store application from the phone, it's impossible to tell if the application is truly compatible with the Symbian 3 operating system used by this phone.  It is entirely possible to download a non-compatible application, unless you carefully read all the reviews to find someone who downloaded the app and has this same phone.I could live with that, except that the screen isn't responsive, so I find myself tapping the screen and nothing happening to get to the review link...and the same thing is true for web pages, icons, etc.  The phone is slow and often unresponsive to touches.Installation of apps...requires a reboot.  At least I think it require a reboot, because everytime I install an app, the phone reboots.Bottom-line:  I happen to use and/or own an Android phone and a Blackberry phone, as well as previously owning Palm phones.  All of those phones are more responsive, have better applications, and better operating systems.  This phone is only good for being able to carry around the world and make a phone call.  Other than that, you should skip this phone, because it's a terrible smartphone.