I have had this phone for 4 months.  After 3 months I began having problems using the wi-fi.  I kept seeing that the "maximum number of connections has been reached, delete some."  This was easier said than done.  The long and short of it is that it was impossible to delete previous wi-fi connections.  This meant that the wi-fi was totally unusable on this phone.  I called up Tracfone Support and spent over an hour on the phone, first with a technician, and then with a Customer service manager.  Eventually they agreed to send me a new phone.  It will be interesting to see whether or not the new phone is better/worse/the same as the old one.  After doing some research on the internet about this problem, it seems I am definitely not alone.  There is even a video posted on youtube describing the serious problem with the wi-fi.  I would caution anyone about purchasing this phone.  It appears to be a good phone, but unless you love to spend hours on 1-800 support lines, you might be very disappointed. I have told Samsung Support about this, and they washed their hands of it, even though it appears to me, that they marketed a defective phone.  I want to applaud Tracfone support for taking the time, making the effort, and then doing what was right in order to resolve this problem for me. One other thing I just remembered:  The battery life on this phone is very short.  I found myself charging it every other day, and sometimes everyday, which became quite irritating.  On top of that, there were a few times where the phone was fully charged at night, and the battery was dead in the morning.....not what I would expect from a quality phone.  Just thought I would add an update.  After receiving a replacement phone from Tracfone, I have not had any issues with the battery.  The wi-fi seems to be working ok as well.  I've been using the replacement S390g for about 3 months, and can only assume that I received a bad phone when I purchased it from shopcelldeals.  This would make 2 bad phones out of 3 that I purchased from them....hmmmmmmmm.  Buyer beware.