I received this phone on 4/10/2013. My goal was to find a reasonable unlocked phone with exceptional camera if possible. This one fit my needs with it's excellent Carl Zeiss optics and more powerful Xenon flash. I only use this device for it's phone, camera, texting, calendar and sometimes email. For email and Internet I use my laptop. It is a dated phone but was top of the line when it came out in the fall of 2010. The Nokia N8 has an attractive aluminum case and Carl Zeiss 12 MP optics camera with Xenon flash. It has a Gorilla Glass screen which specs don't mention. The price was a big factor as well, I bought it from Amazon Warehouse deals. This phone even had all the protective plastic covers on and all cables in original box--everything in perfect condition.Update 4/12/2013: Before even getting used to the new phone I installed the Belle upgrade which is much simpler to understand. After sorting out all the new features of Belle I have my phone designed the way I want it now. With Belle up to 6 home screens are available with a finger push, plus instant access to all menu items. Everything is accessable with out digging. Very impressive.Update 9/15/2013 I have come to enjoy having an excellent 12 megapix camera with me at all times and not have to remember to take the regular one. So if your prioritiy is an excellent phone and camera with the bonus of zenon flash at a good price this is it. I didn't want a mini laptop disguised as a large phone. The free Belle upgrade is a must, makes this phone exceptional. If you want to impress everyone you can load up 6 home screens but Why? Since having it for 5 months I have deceided I only want 3 home screens.  I use it's full featured calender every day. I ordered and received a second N8 in June for my wife and got a better deal then the first one. Amazon Prime delivered both phones on time and in excellent condition.A minus note--the battery can go down unexpectedly sometimes. Rebooting seems to correct that problem. To save the battery I close all applications when not in use. I have installed the free Nokia battery monitor to keep close tabs on the battery. Would I still buy this cell phone--yes.