Ok so this is a replacement for my first S390G which after 2 weeks would no longer connect via the browser, but everything else worked. I did every step and then some that Tracfone had me go through [again & again.............]. So if you have ever dealt with what passes for tech support with Tracfone. So my situation is i am my elderly mothers caregiver and i do not have time to jump through Tracfones hoops so i just got another one and it works fine. What i like about this phone is the wi-fi works and it gets decent battery life and it gets better reception than any other phone i have owned and since i live in the middle of nowhere where most phones do not work well if they work at all so if i were rating it on reception alone it would be a 5. So here is the bad first off this phone has an optical puck / button for navigation that can be a little hard to control and the buttons could be better, but i have large hands & fingers. the phone has a weak speaker , but the headphone jack gives clear sound and while the mp3 player works and is far better than some other phones i have had and has a bad quirk in that if you are browsing songs and open a folder or album that has only 1 song if you dont back out quick it automatically plays it which when you are just trying to browse and or build playlists can be quite a pain and if you put it in your pocket before the screen locks the optical puck is going to crank the sound. I have not had any problems with phantom dialing like some people have reported as it has been my experience that when the screen locks it in fact stays locked until you unlock it. Only one otjher thing i dislike about the phone is when it is switched on it has to  scan the 32gb sdhc class4 card and until it takes 1-2 min to do that [because i have it 3/4 full] it will do nothing else and as i have not gotten a class10 to use with it yet i do not know how much faster the process can go. For a cheap phone for me at least it has been worth the trouble and until Tracfone offers a better deal or it dies i will stick with it.