Aside from the sturdy construction, sleek design, and Nokia's T9 predictive texting (which is awesome), there is really nothing else I like about this phone.  I think if you're the type of person that would enjoy using Linux as your desktop OS, then maybe this phone's for you.  Another reviewer said that the OS is cumbersome and I totally agree.  It's not an "Enjoyable" experience to use this phone.  Google maps with GPS activated is fair, but it doesn't seem entirely accurate to me.  Sometimes when you're sitting still, the blue dot (your location) can't decide where you really are and bounces around.  Not a big deal, but still lame.  Silencing an incoming call is another one.  Other than hitting the dedicated silence button, I don't see another way to do it (volume buttons, power button, etc).  Maybe there is, not sure?  Setting up Mail for Exchange was a hassle.  It takes less than one minute on an Iphone, and took me a while to do it on this phone with all the little nuances.  Setting up GMail and Yahoo was easy, although that opened up another can of annoying worms.  If you're viewing your GMail mailbox for instance, and you exit, the phone alerts you that the mailbox is connected, and asks if you are sure you want to disconnect?  YES, I want to disconnect, that's why I pushed the exit button....ugh.  The web browsing is by far the worst I have ever experienced on any phone, simply unusable in my opinion.  When your packet data connection is active, and you receive an incoming call, the phone will beep in your ear and display that the packet connection is off...then will beep again at the end of the call and display that packet connection is back on.  Why do I care about this?  Why do I need a beep in my ear for this?A friend of mine who's an engineer in this industry says that Nokia phones have the best antennas.  I'm not sure if that's true or not - I was using this phone with a T-Mobile SIM.  Whenever I was someplace where I didn't have reception, my ATT and Verizon friends were just fine.  This was especially true inside of buildings.  BUT, I think this is more of a T-Mobile issue than a phone issue.Also,I bought his phone in White.  The online pictures of the phone make it appear that the keys are more of a silver, and blend into the rest of the phone.  This is not that case, the keys are WHITE WHITE and are not sliver....there is a huge contrast between the keys and the chrome body of the phone.  - It's ugly in my opinion.