First off, I would like to state that this phone is not intended for the masses. Not everyone would be comfortable with carrying or holding a device of this size, so be sure you know what your getting yourself into. With that being said I am delighted in owning the Galaxy Note. I recently bought it via Amazon and have no regrets. The screen is to die for. Samsung included a short video file in this device to get you aware of the color,contrast and capabilities of this device screen and it just blew my mind away.The Galaxy Note is a huge device and I choose it over the Galaxy S2 due to screen resolution. While the S2 and the Note pretty much carry the same specifications, the screen resolution of the note is 1,280x800 compared to the weak 480x800 of the S2. This means that you get better viewing fields (more info in less space). Other than that there seems no other major points that make it a better option.Anyhow's the camera takes wonderful pictures, typing is a breeze due to bigger keyboard layout (you may have to use both hands). Build quality is "excellent". Samsung is known for using plastic which makes some of their devices seem cheap by todays standards but not the galaxy note.The only plastic you will find here would be the battery backplate and it doesn't look or feel cheap at all. The Note has the perfect weight, Its blazing fast, and I have no call quality problems (so far). Battery performance is a 5/5 star for me. Gets through the whole day without a problem.  My only complaint would be the back speakers, they are just not loud enough for a device of this size.There is an included styles which can  seamlessly be put away in the built in styles compartment. I cant comment much on it at this point since i dont use it much but it does hold in pretty tightly (not afraid that it would fall out).Overall if your looking for something that can function both as a phone and a mini tablet, than this is the device for you. The screen size and resolution are its selling points. Its a capable device, thats future proof and I cant wait for the "Icecream" OS update.