First, let me say I will never lock myself into a contract again. I waited two weeks before writing this review, so I have really used my new phone. I read that you need two hands to use the phone. I have not found that to be true, but the reality is: if you have very small hands - don't buy it. After I first bought the Note, I was having some "buyer's remorse" because of the price. However, the phone was half the price of the soon-to-be-released SG3, although it didn't have "Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS)," and it's processor had slightly lower specs. In operation, I found it to be very fast and responsive, even after I installed another launcher that caused my old phone to "choke." I am VERY HAPPY with the volume on this phone. The speakers are loud and clear (for a cell phone), and the in-call volume is great (I'm hard-of-hearing - so that's a big deal for me!).The phone is very thin, if that's important to you (I think this concern is just an overblown advertising gimmick perpetrated by the "fruit" company. What finally got rid of my "buyer's remorse" completely was when I found out that the phone CAN be updated to ICS. Just Google ICS and Samsung Note and you'll find simple instructions. The phone does everything I want it to do and that it does it quickly and seamlessly. It never freezes or chokes. With Aldiko - a reading app, and the Kindle app, I can read all my books without squinting thanks to the huge screen, and the sound is great. Enjoy this phone for half the cost of the competition and use a pre-paid GSM SIM to get unlimited phone, text, and data. As an aside, I am using this phone with pay-as-you-go T-Mobile (under the brand name SIMPLE mobile - with unlimited everything). The phone WILL NOT GET 3G on T-Mobile, it only gets EDGE, but I find that getting UNLIMITED data makes up for that, and it is fast enough to stream Youtube etc. The phone WILL get 4G on AT&T;, but I cannot find a true unlimited plan from AT&T;, so scr*w them. On the other hand, because the phone is unlocked, I can use AT&T; pre-paid anytime I want to if I really need 4G and I don't mind being ripped off.