I've been with Virgin Mobile for a long time now...almost 10 years, I believe. I've always been extremely happy with their service.A couple of years ago, I upgraded from a "pay as you go" plan to a basic smartphone and a data plan at $35/mo. The phone I got at the time was okay...it functioned, in other words, but it definitely wasn't a show stopper.I've been saving up and planned to purchase an iPhone for my plan once I had the capital to do so; however, my previous phone had other plans and decided to die on me. I needed to replace it, quickly! I decided I didn't want to just buy a "bandaid" phone; I wanted to get something I could afford now that would offer a significant performance increase over my current model (LG Optimus V).I did some research and decided to try and find the Samsung Galaxy S2. Luckily, I found that it was in stock at a retailer (out of stock from Virgin Mobile itself, though) and it was on sale.I picked up the phone, activated it, and immediately was impressed. Apps run smoothly, the phone is quick and responsive, 4G is incredibly fast compared to my previous phone's 3G, it's got a lot of memory. I've now had the phone for about a week and here is what I have found:PROS:1) Memory - over 1 GB of internal memory, plus a micro SD slot that can take up to a 32 GB card. Fantastic! This phone also allows me to move a lot more apps over to the SD card than my previous phone did, so I've already got a lot of content and apps, but I'm hardly using my internal memory at all.2) Camera - 8 MB camera with flash is really fantastic! It takes high quality photos. I'm really enjoying that a lot!3) Ease of navigation - easy, responsive touch screen; everything flows smoothly.4) Connectivity - 4G is super fast, 3G works well when 4G is unavailable, and WiFi works smoothly. Can also use as a WiFi hotspot!5) Easy to activate and set up. By far, this was the smoothest/easiest Virgin phone I've activated.CONS:It's kind of large. That's the only con I can find. And it's not even that big of a deal, but it is taking some getting used to. It feels more like a very small tablet than a phone. But I don't mind because it's such a fantastic piece of equipment overall.I'm very happy with this phone and would definitely recommend it. I'm sure I'll probably get another Samsung whenever I need to upgrade again in the future.