likes:* external speaker. surprisingly good sound.* cheap android. bought it on sale for under $50 over month ago. it's 80 asking price is pushing it though, imo.* has a keyboard, and i actually like the look of it.dislikes:* small, cramped buttons. what's worse, the keyboard buttons are slightly raised and slanted. so trying to type with nails or finger tips can be slightly trickier(for me anyways). there's a touchscreen keyboard option if interested.* very low internal memory. kinda defeats having android market(i still call it that). the micro-sd capability helps, but not all apps can be transferred to the card.* the poor camera.* 2.8" low-res looking screen.my personal experience:* youtube surprisingly worked smoothly, while netflix did not(lag/stutter). i usually get minor buffering on youtube videos and a smooth experience on netflix with all my other devices. not so with the venture, complete opposite.* mx player, my usual go-to video app didn't play any of my videos off the sd card(pics were fine). yes, i downloaded the correct codec. was gonna try mobo-player but realized i'm rarely gonna use this to watch personal videos.* i was gonna wait a few weeks to review this after i bought it, but it actually messed up on me before i could. less than a month in, the touchscreen stopped working, then it wouldn't turn on. went and got a replacement, and now use it as a $50 android media player with wifi internet and as an emergency back-up phone if i ever need to activate it. (i'm assuming the other one was a fluke with the touchscreen, but will update if something happens to this model. so far so good)overall, i can't recommend this cell phone. the calling card for me, the keyboard and touchscreen typing options, both turned out too small and i just couldn't get on with them. texting is my number one thing, so it was a deal breaker for me. but for others it might be fine. still, i went in knowing about the small screen and keyboard, and i know this is a budget/low-end android phone so with that in mind, i still think it's "ok" for what it is. and at the 50 i bought it for, i thought it was a pretty good deal until the touchscreen went out.