If you are looking for a fullly featured phone with a camera that can perform as good as a dedicated digital camera in the $200 range, fast WIFI, free navigation with offline maps, look no further.  This is your phone.  The display in on pars with other smart phones such as Android and iPhone4, which use AMOLED display with a notable exception of iPhone4's retinal display.  Night shots with N8 are not comparable to say a dedicated camera that is equipped with a much more powerful xenon flash.  In other words, if you do not resize the pics you snapped at night, then you will see noise (even my DSLR Nikon shows a little noise in poor lighting -- can you imagine a phone that is equipped with a much smaller xenon flash).  Call quality is outstanding with ear-piece volume really loud so no need to crank up the volume to max when you are in a noisy place.  UI is a little dated especially coming from Nexus One, but no worries you can download Nokia's Midnight theme to spice up UI and there are 50 improvements for Symbian ^3 on the way to make users experience even more commendable.  The virtual qwerty keyboard is a little slow like the Android 2.1 version.  With Android 2.2 version, it seems much faster than N8.  Like I pointed out, there are 50 improvements on the way, and one of these improvements might or might not address the issue with responsiveness of the qwerty keyboard.Now for quality control.  You have to be patient with N8 b/c you might end up a bad power management unit that is fully recognized by Nokia Corp. (just google it) and read the articles.  My first N8 was silver color and it would not even power on, so I had to exchange it (Amazon was very nice about this b/c they sent it overnight for the replacement -- that's customer service).  Unfortunately, the replacement, though works, had cosmetic issue on the inner bezel.  The blemish was naked eye visible that can be seen under bright lights, so I had to return the phone.  I ordered a black one now in the hopes that the black one is a later batch that Nokia may have addressed major issues.  The black ones seem to be purchased at higher demand and hence Amazon might have a new batch in their inventory.  My point is that I liked the phone over my Nexus One that I am giving Nokia a third chance and also the last.  I hope this review helps you.