As an Android device, it is very nice from what I can tell.  This is my first Android (smart phone) and I most definitely like all of the features.  I especially like the talk to text for text messaging. It is surprising how well that works.  I can now text with the best of them!When a new text comes in or a call that you miss, you notice a small light flashing telling you that you missed something.  When you access the phone however, there is no way that you can tell what you missed.  You have to navigate to the text messages and see if you can determine if it were a text, if not, then you have to navigate to the calls.  Very annoying.  Equally annoying; when you place a call, the moment you press send, the screen goes dark.  You have to press the top bottom to turn the screen back on so you can see what is taking place, or to activate the speaker if you want to use it as a speaker phone (more on this below).My primary reason for buying this device was to use it as a telephone (believe it or not).  As a telephone, it falls woefully short.  The ringer volume is about one half the volume as it should be.  If you are driving in your car, even with your radio off, the chance of hearing the phone ring is slim.  The vibrate is completely useless. With it in the case on my belt, the probability of feeling it vibrate is slim.  The clarity and volume of the phone holding to the ear is good.  Yet I much prefer to use a speaker phone; sadly the volume is so faint, it is completely useless.  There is not even a possibility, even in a quiet environment of using the speaker to hear a call.  If I put my ear about a foot away, I can barely manage a conversation.I am glad I only paid $149 for this.  I suppose I will suffer along with it for a while until I am completely sick of it and pitch it in a dumpster.  If I used my phone more than just a few times a day, I would not put up with this poor excuse for a phone for nothing.UPDATE: 3-8-2013  A month ago I gave up on the Avid and bought the LG Spirit.  The LG is a much better phone.  No volume issues at all.  I note now that on ZTE's site that there is a 304 MB update. Being a new model phone, I find it unusual that such a large update would be needed unless there was a serious issue as I experienced.  I gave the Avid away and when the new owner updates the phone to the new software, I'll try to remember to post up the results