Well, I have used a lot of Nokia phones, and my current one, the E51 is awesome, still! I have big expectations from my phone, not in terms of apps etc, but in terms of reliability. I want something that is small, yet powerful, not a computer, but enough to get the essentials done. The E51, 4 years ago, was epic! It still is awesome, given its size, it is quite a useful device.Now coming to the N8, i read about it, and it seemed nice. I was hesitant about it since Nokia has backed out from Symbian, and the N9 is twice the price of the N8. But given the hardware specs, i decided to go along with it.----It has a 12MP/Carl Zeiss Optics camera, which is very good. It has a FM transmitter which is very rare these days. It has the other usual features you'd expect from a smartphone, though i do not expect as many apps as I would for an android/iphone. But i would say, at the price (290), it is a good deal if you like an unlocked phone.----The reason why i gave this phone the rating i have is this : I took the regular SIM card out of my E51, and pushed it into the N8. It worked, YAY! But as a sanity check, i wanted to put it back in the E51, and that was when it stuck me... the SIM card would not come out. Now i have taken the SIM card in and out of my E51 gazillions of times, so either the E51 was a defective design or the N8 is. I am going to return the phone with my SIM card in it (deactivated and erased) since I do not want to damage it and void the warranty. But its going to cost me to get a replacement SIM.----Just some Nokia bashing while I am at it. WHY??? Nokia used to be so reliable, what happened? I had a 3510i, a 6610i, E51, n810 and C6-01. These were/are awesome. I had a previous confrontation with Nokia when i ordered a n910 as a bargain on their website. They charged me twice, and then just didn't honor the order. I guess Nokia isn't the brand it used to be... and i am not going to stick with them... so no Nokia/Windows phones for me.... probably go with Android!