The Nokia N8 boasts robust technology. Full connectivity with WIFI, GPS, Bluetooth, FM Radio, and even an FM transmitter.  It also has a fantastic and fun 12 megapixel camera that is easy to use as a standalone capture device, and also has an HDMI output and connectors for hi definition transmission.The screen looks great, case is metallic, durable, and overall weight of the device in hand feels great and the slim sleek lines add to its appeal. It also features a lower resolution front video cam for video calling (that I'm hearing isn't available on North American networks). And alongside the iOS and Android mainstream competitors, features an ambient light sensor and accelerometer, with features and apps that utilize this tech to the fullest.Call quality is excellent and along with sound playback, is crystal clear and better than any smartphone I've been on to date.Where does it lack?Hardware:  The processor is a tad sluggish. If you're hoping to do some gaming on this device, I'd skip to another model.Software and Store:  Everything is menu driven. So if you're used to using the home button (iOS) to go back and choose options, or the back/ return key for the same  (Android), then this think will feel like using Linux on a Mac; quant, but redundant.The store?  Lacks the diversity of iTunes and the Google Play store by far, and so is limited in the array of applications available to it. Also, the sync is nowhere near as intuitive as the Android system, or the iOS for that matter.Overall:Good | Great call quality and a great component system.  Works on any non CDMA network.  Devoted Nokia followers will probably find the navigation improved to previous models and be ok with the store selection.Bad | The operating system and processor just doesn't compete with others in its class. As a smartphone, unless you're only using Ovi Suite (available exclusively to PC), you're going to be left out in the cold when it comes to syncing all of your information seamlessly.Bottom Line | If you have a Nokia fetish, buy this. If you're shopping around for a user friendly smartphone that's intuitive, keep looking for an Android.