I bought 2 of these phones elsewhere hoping to get rid of binding contracts & big expenses.  What a HUGE mistake on my part & a HUGE headche incurred.  First phone took 4 days to activate & 2 trips to the store.  Don't even ask how many countries/languages I encountered in the process.  Sales reps. read from scripts.  Don't dare to ask them a question...they don't even come close to answering it.  They then go back to reading their script; all the while your "minutes" are being deleted as they stick you on hold forever!  Second phone had the wrong activation code; when "corrected" by them, 3000 min. went 'poof' and so did initial activation.  Phone was now dead, phone number was ported to someone else (had it for yrs.) and a $99.00 phone card was useless.  Signal was OK at best for me.  I was assured they went off of all major towers and would not have a problem.  Went online to read about customer satisfaction w/TracFone after the fact.  Sorry I didn't do that 1st...expensive lesson learned.  The phones are not the issue.  Customer service located in different countries w/non-native English speakers reading off scripts IS the problem.  No bias or offense meant...I work w/many individuals tht are bi-lingual.  So...I was initially out $320. I went back to my original cell phone carrier groveling and they refunded some money to me and ALL of my rollover min. that were lost, plus they kept me OFF CONTRACT. I don't know how but they even got the lost #  back...said phone wasn't totally out of min. so they ported it back.  The store where phones/cards were purchased took the phones back (thank god!) because their sales people were stuck for 1 hr. talking to 3 foreign reps. wasting min. as well.  Unfortunately, I did have to "eat the 2-$99.00 cards" even though 1 didn't even register at all due to faulty activation codes. I was told by store to file a complaint w/TracFone's parent company.  Yeah...right!  There are numerous web pages complaining about their service & the Co. answers are all "scripted" as well.  LG 800G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)