As the first phone to run on the US 3G network (and in some areas even faster 3.5 G), I was wondering how well this would work as a modem for my laptop for accessing the internet.Guess what? I'm using this regularly now to connect my macbook to the internet! I'm giving up my mobile aircard (which costs about $ 70 per month) and I'm just using my unlimited mobile internet. Another positive - no need to take out the usb aircard dongle and insert it into the side of the laptop each time I need to use it!The connection is fast enough to download video and music (you tube etc. will work fine both on the phone and the tethered mac) but the phone gets hot when it's used as a modem. It also uses a lot of power so for long time use as a modem, I'd keep it plugged into the charger.Joikuspot is the software I used ($ 25 for a perpetual license) to tether my phone to the macbook so I can use internet.I'm happy that MS office comes built in. I'm able to import my financial worksheets (even big ones where I do financial modelling) and it still works fast.Fring works well on these phone - much better than on the Nokia N95. With Fring and my Skype call-out account, I can carry on telephone conversations with almost as much clarity as using my skype on the laptop.  In the N95 (which is also a great cellphone), the processor isn't fast enough to allow phone conversations - the voice quality is so degraded that it's barely understandable. Apparently, Nokia placed a very powerful processor in this machine.And since it has a fast processor, all the applications open almost instantly and my cousin, a Blackberry curve user was so impressed with the speed he said it's the next phone he'll get.Another excellent software I like using with this phone is my Salling Clicker. I use it for remotely controlling itunes in my laptop (like when there's a party and I was to change albums or artists from my phone) or clicking to the next slide in my powerpoint presentation or fast forwarding my DVD player to the next chapter.This is a lot of technology for the money and I highly recommend it to everyone!