This review is for those of you debating the merits of the Blackjack vs. the Blackberry Pearl.  First off this phone has the best web surfing i've seen so far on a small device.  It uses IE as its browser and you get the whole web page as you would expect to see it on your desktop computer.  I did find a few sites which hobble their content such as Schwab but then it gave you special pages with charts that you couldn't get on the blackberry.  Navigating is fairly easy using the scroll wheel.  Occcasionlly I noticed a few glitches.  Images were nice and sharp.  The Pearl on the other hand gives you the web page all broken up.  Photos were nice but graphs and images rather fuzzy. In terms of phone quality the Blackjack has a high quality speakerphone which was superior to the Pearl and overall sound quality on the handset was slightly better on the Blackjack.  The Pearl's great strength is much better email system that is easy to use and delivers the mail to you and it's there. And it's easy to manage.  I also found the operating system of the Pearl to be easier to navigate and to be more elegant. In terms of styling the looks speak for themselves and it's a personal choice.  The Blackjack comes with two batterries and even with it's extended thicker battery it has a nice feel and is not bulky in the slightest.  The blackjack's headset is annoying in that it uses a proprietary plugin where the battery charger plugs in which means you can't choose your own headset. I was somewhat disapointed in the game selections for the Blackjack but I'm sure this is a temporary situation. What else?  One big con for the Blackjack which may not bother some is that the radiation level for data appears off the charts in comparison to other phones.  I think this is because it's a 3G phone and the bandwidth demands mean a lot of wattage coming out.  I think the designers were aware as they seem to have made an attempt to redirect the radiation out the base back of the handset. This means the amount of radiation going into your ear may be lower.  But of course you still have to hold it when you're surfing. It's  just something that people should be aware. of and not necesairly bad.  It's the reality of wireless. I just wish manufacturers would focus on a solution.  The Blackjack keyboard is very nice.  The keys are a little small but not too bad. Overall a nice phone and I'm really on the fence as to which phone to use. It coes down to whether you email more or surf more.