So my first "smartphone" crashed within a year of purchase. It was a go phone and I know how warranties go so I didn't get one. I figure phones will only last me about two years and then it's time for a new one..I got shorted a year. That phone was a ZTE something..which was also a android go phone.I'm not much of techy, I'm pretty much a "cell retard" so here it goes.So far what I like about this phone.The sound is good as far as calls and video quality is pretty good.I upload to Facebook/Youtube/Instagram pretty fastThe picture quality is good, especially outside or well lit areas (I have no idea how to adjust anything, so I just snap and roll with what I get)There are lots of apps already on the phone..of which again I have no idea what they are for instance Pops? and I could do without Uno or Bejeweled as well as a couple of other apps that are on there.I love my GPS..if you have been reading so far...I tend to be lost a lotAs for the phone so far the only thing I don't like is the position of the camera there should be another button on the side or something to make it easier to take pics of myself...I'm very vain, I can't find the button when I can't see it, and I'm trying to get my pose on. Oh and this one I have not figured out how to turn the camera sound off. So it's hard for me to sneak pics of my friends acting up.So far I like the phone, I haven't read the book and I pretty much just play with it to figure out what it does. Simple enough for me.The only thing I could complain about is the ATT SERVICE IN MY AREA WHICH SUCKS!!UPDATE**********08/26/13YAY ME!! I finally figured out how to silence my camera..by silencing the whole darn phone.I also figured out that I do not like the fact that I don't have the option of multi-select when I am deleting my phone log. Either you delete them one by one or keep them all.Also, I don't like that when I delete certain messages in a thread it takes me way to the top of the thread, but maybe that I can deal with.#ATT SERVICE IN MY AREA STILL SUCKS..phone is fine.