I just got this last night and was really excited at first from reading all the great reviews from others. However, I realized that it's not as what's hyped up to be.  The memory didn't come with the phone so I had to go out and buy one separately last night and then the map features doesn't even load but prompts many questions over and over again then it crashes.  Furthermore, I had to open the battery case then disconnect in order for the phone to work again!  The GPS doesn't work either since I have the old AT&T; service and I don't have the data plan.  I thought the GPS was a feature like you get from buying GPS separately in which it doesn't require internet service but satellite only. The short-cut email feature doesn't work either! I tried many ways to get it right but it keeps prompting me with same messages over and over again. So I had to log on to the web site feature then log into Yahoo then get my email that way, so what's the short-cut feature for if it doesn't work? Also, I had a difficult time to find where to delete the email account once you created one??!!  The number buttons are really small so when you just want to dial a number you really have to look for the right button to push.  All other features and icons are really small as well and too many to really understand which one is which.  I guess I'm used to having iPhone's bigger icons and user friendliness and now this Nokia is a big disappointment.  I wouldn't be complaining too much if this E71 hadn't been over $300 dollars. If it were only around $200 then I would give it an average rating instead of only one star. For $300 you can do much better. In fact, iPhone is only couple hundred more and worth it. I just didn't like the battery life on iPhone so I gave this E71 a try.  Before I close, I should mention that the camera/flash seems to work fine and the battery life on E71 seems to be awesome and long lasting once you fully charge it.  I may just get the cheaper version of the Nokia since I can't use email, map and GPS features from this phone.  So beware of these complaints before you order this phone for $300.Edit:Someone responded to my review by saying that since I didn't have a data plan I couldn't download maps and emails.  That's true but I was logged on with Wi-Fi and it still didn't work, whereas with iPhone I didn't have any of those issues.