I read about this phone rebooting but thought I'd roll the dice.  Notice above this review that I am a real customer and did buy this phone from Amazon.I so much wanted to like this phone because it is sleek, daddy Google/Apple isn't watching you, and it has a lot of nice features (16GB + memory slot, offline GPS with maps, HD camera/video.)  Unfortunately the phone is just unusable.When I received the phone first thing I did was charge it up.  Then I connected it to NokiaSuite to update the OVI maps.  Disconnected from PC and hooked into power supply and WIFI, did not put in sim card or memory card.  Tried to run OVI maps in offline mode... crash/reboot.  Updated OS (1.1, Anna?), tried again ... crash/reboot.  Updated OS again (1.2, Belle?) tried OVI maps again... CRASH/REBOOT!!!  Updated OVI maps through the OVI store, got further into new maps until I tried to download maps... REBOOT!!!  Tried OVI maps without being plugged into power supply, crash/reboot.  Tried Skype, same thing.  I did however change the language from automatic to English and this helped, was able to make a Skype call, however OVI maps still reboots.  Also ran the web browser after OS updates and this causes a reboot as well!!!I have not done a hard reset because I don't want to lose the apps that came installed on the phone, and you shouldn't have to do this anyway.Nokia knows there is an issue with the phone, but in my opinion they either don't know exactly what it is or don't want to fess up that it is a design flaw, so I don't want to roll the dice with Nokia support.  Many people mentioned sending it in for repair and getting it back still broken.  Working in the firmware field a device like mine is ideal since I can get it to reboot consistently, so it should be a fairly straightforward task for Nokia to figure out what the problem is!!For less money I might have kept it as a science experiment, but I need the cash to put toward a different phone.It is with a sad and heavy heart that I must confess I will be returning this phone.