The Hardware:  Samsung has done a great job offering a higher end product available for the WP7. Even though the resolution is lower than competing Android or IOS, it is not a noticeable difference. My friend has an iPhone 4S and side by side the Samsung Focus S just simply a much more beautiful display, mainly due to the larger size.  The battery life is plentiful. The only situation when I have to recharge before the end of a full day is when I am playing high amounts of games like Assassin's Creed or watching videos. Compared to my girlfriend's Android, who has to carry a charger with her, it is nice to not have that worry in the back of my mind.  The only true negative about the hardware of the phone is that when plugged up to an amplified source of playing music, there is an annoying pop sound when changing songs. Though this is no where near a deal breaker, it is something to keep in mind.The Operating System:  The operating system is really where the 5 star rating comes from. It is simply amazing and completely blows away anything else on the market as an end user. As a former Android user, and being very familiar with IOS, there is simply no comparison. Everything is so fluid and perfectly placed. The people's hub simply revolutionizes how to keep in touch with all of your contacts via Facebook, twitter, Windows Live, and other social networking. There is no need to individually get on each individual app, it is all built right into the Phone! However, if you do not wish to travel that route, then the social networking apps are beautiful and swift.  If the number of apps is what you are concerned with, Microsoft just announced today to have over 100,000 different apps for Windows Phone 7. Within that marketplace, there is a guarantee to have anything you need that any competitor can offer.The Future:  The future of windows phone is even more exciting. Today announced at the Windows Phone Summit is the release of WP 7.8. Though current hardware (Samsung focus s, Nokia Lumia 900, etc) will not be upgradeable to WP8, Microsoft has not forgotten the first and second generation WP7 phones. The WP 7.8 will offer the new start screen experience and other features.Simply put, with the Windows Phone you will not be disappointed. Samsung Focus S is a great phone, but there are also other great hardware offerings out there with the OS.