I have had my E71 for about 6 months now and have nothing but praise for it. I upgraded from E62, so initial difference was huge. But once I got to use more features over the months, I realize this is no ordinary phone.What I like:1. Awesome build quality, no moving parts, no squeaky sound, top quality materials2. Probably the best form factor smart phone in the world. Not too narrow so it will slip from hand, not too wide to bulge out from pockets, easily fits regular sized palm. Easy to type messages, emails with one hand3. If there was a fashion show for smart phones, E71 would win it hands down. I got steel and gray and it looks serious business and smart stylist at the same time.4. Battery, battery, battery. It lasts me 3 days on one charge with good about of browsing, phone calls, skype and push email (sync-ed hourly)5. Call quality is top notch, as expected from a high end Nokia product, with excellent clarity.6. Very good speaker, for use as Speakerphone or playing music or read messages automatically.7. Beautiful, crisp screen. I miss the big screen on my earlier E62 and I think it was the best small screen ever for watching movies, videos etc. E71 has the same screen quality but only slightly smaller due to phone size8. Processor and Symbian S60 3rd Edition work great together and menu navigation, apps run fast on E719. Nokia calendar and Message notification on home screen keeps my life totally in control. After I got this phone, my laptop sits closed for weeks. This phone will let you "work from phone"10. Documents processing - I edit Word and Excel docs on this phone, also read documents in pdf. No problem whatsoever.11. Add on apps for Symbian enables me to be constantly be in touch with family, friends and the world. I installed France24 for live news, Google Mobile for searching, maps. I installed Fring to use Skype, Google talk Twitter all on one interface. I use MobiReader for reading ebooks12. Nokia's free email (Nokia Messaging) client has a crisp, beautiful interface. I like it even better than Gmail for mobile. Sync is customizable (frequency, how much email etc)13. FM radio is excellent, although not many probably use it. I catch my channels when workload is light.What I don't like:1. E71 comes with basic cheap earphones, you might need to upgrade to something better, preferably with Bluetooth wireless2. Camera is not great, but I don't use it much3. Nokia's Ovi store does not have much content. There are not many professional looking themes. But you could downloaded nice themes from S60 app sitesOverall, I don't think there are many smart phones (or even phones) out there that stack up to E71. Go and get it. If you can, buy the unlocked E71 and not E71x from AT&T; that is loaded with slow bloatware.