No having any need for a smart phone and having used the Casio Ravine at a job before and having heard the claims that you can practically run it over with a car underwater and it will still work, I decided to go with the Brigade as my new phone. Immediately after getting it, I noticed it was pretty sturdy, having a heavy, durable feel to it. I liked the metal studs fastened to the upper and lower edges of the phone, ostensibly there to prevent wear from sliding in and out my my pocket...unfortunately 1 of these fell right off immediately, and other followed soon after. So I use the term "fastened" loosely, since they don't seem to be fastened to anything. A little superglue fixed this, but the thing is, I shouldn't have to superglue parts back on to a phone marketed as "heavy duty" right out of the package. I liked how Casio made an honest attempt to make this phone waterproof. The charging port is covered by a solid piece of plastic and sealed with a gasket, as is the the battery cover (which took some muscling to get on, but its that kind of phone so I didn't mind) and the headphone jack. Unfortunately, the cover for the charging port was only attached to 2 strips of flimsy plastic so it snapped off pretty fast. I kept the piece, but its annoying to keep track of a little piece of plastic every time you charge your phone. And you're going to be charging this phone a lot, since the battery life is pretty short for a "no frills" basic phone like this. The specific shape of the charger is another issue I had. I've owned Nokia, Samsung, Verizon, LG and most of them all used the same shape charger. That way if you lose or break one, you have a spare, can easily find a replacement at a gas station or borrow one, since its such a common charger. The charger that came with a bluetooth keyboard for a tablet I have even uses the same shape as a common Verizon charger. But no the Casio G'Shocks. Unless you happen to have a spare somewhere, good luck finding a replacement short of ordering one and shelling out more money than is necessary. Not a single store has a charger that fits these phones, except maybe Radio Shack, but come on! I shouldn't have to go to Radio Shack just to replace a phone charger, especially since they are now widely available at any gas station. There is no reason for this oddball design except to fleece you for more money for a new charger.Despite all of the issues I personally ran into, it's great if you are looking for basic workhorse phone. Other people's experiences will vary, but  I don't think there are any other basic phones with a keyboard out there that are as durable as the Brigade.