I seldom use a telephone. I have been a trakphone subscriber for about ten years. Recently I determined that the best way to communicate with my grandchildren was by text. The old trakphone I had just was not up to that. So, I selected the S390G because it has a keyboard and was inexpensive. I chose it before reading the reviews (mistake). I read the reviews after receiving the phone (bigger mistake). The problem of pocket dialing 911 would have been a showstopper had I found it earlier. A little experimentation,however, indicated that the problem occurs even when the keyboard is locked and zero is dialed more that three times, not 911, but zero. Samsung in their infinite wisdom probably thought of that as a safety feature, although, it is hard to imagine why. And, they didn't bother to mention it in any of the documentation. Well, the fix, which has worked for me thus far, seems to be a hard case that encloses the keyboard (search "black rubberized phone holster combo for samsung" at $14.99). I find I really like this phone otherwise. I am using the MP3 player much more often than the phone. I also use the internet connection (caution use only WiFi the 3G connection will eat your minutes) frequently to check the metro schedule and weather forecast and send photos. The camera is not great for high quality photos, but is good for snapshots when your camera is not handy. The camcorder is of low quality, and I have not yet been able to get sound from that to transfer to my PC along with the video. The phone has a number of neat gadgets which I will probably never use after playing around with them during the first month. The progressive loudness alarm will be nice while travelling. All in all a pretty good device for the money. I have also acquired a couple of useful accessories. The Samsung EHS60 earbuds have adequate sound quality and permit making and receiving calls while listening to music. I will be using the Witz smartphone locker (perfect fit) in my kayak and on backpacking trips.