NEW: 3.7.13: I have had this phone for a bit over two years now. Currently, I lose network connection nearly half the time and have to restart the phone. It also freezes and slow to respond. I like NOKIA because it have endurance but I have to switch to a newer phone soon. (I actually hope to have this phone for at least three years seeing how I paid the full price for it in 2010). This is why I dropped it from 4 to 3 stars.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I bought this phone back in November 2010, directly from Nokia USA website.The specifications for this phone are amazing. It have the basic programs that one needs such as recorder, bluetooth, wifi. And the OVI store is expanding. There are more apps now than when I just bought the phone.Pros that I like to point out:- Camera with flash and HD video recording, with editing features. (Truly convenient for those moments wanting to capture a good picture)- FM transmitter (Music from the phone to the car wirelessly. Forget the AUX cable!)- Gorilla glass. (Safe from the dangers within my purse such as keys)- True multi-tasking. The phone doesn't heat up or slow down when I have many programs open.- HDMI port- Supports many video and audio codecs. Transfer videos from your computer to your phone via bluetooth and then watch it. Save the time to recode the videos :)- Browser supports adobe flash- Free GPS navigation with voice!Cons:- Doesn't support Netflix or Hulu so I can't watch at my convenience.- Youtube videos are not HD-quality when you watch it in full screen.- The phone freezes up sometimes because of the WIFI. Happened three times so far...- MAJOR CON: I consider the battery life too short. You have to be consistent in charging it daily. Moreover, the battery is built in so it is not removable. Using features such as playing games or watching movies can really drain the battery life.Overall, the pros really outweigh the cons. It can be difficult to adjust to in the beginning but it's easy once you played with it for a few days. I wished I waited and bought from Amazon since the price has fallen. And I would have saved %50 dollars for taxes!