So it has been about 6 months since I recklessly abandoned my Apple iPhone 3GS (ok, so maybe it wasn't such a reckless abandonment). I feel that now I can offer you a sound review steeped in experience. But let's keep this simple, shall we?PROSLOVE the huge, clear, colorful screen! I like to play games, and not just the Angry Birds variety, and this is the screen for that!Camera is nothing short of awesome. I can zoom in and out, have flash (which is also a neat flashlight if you download the app), and video capability.Apps are generous and there are a significant number of free apps and I have yet to be bored using new apps but, (see CONS)Windows platform feels "familiar" and honestly it did not feel like a huge departure from the iPhone if you are wary of a switch.CONSAs the screen is huge, so is the device itself. It is "chunky" and feels like a dish-plate is against your face when using it as a phone. My resolution was either to use speakerphone which is loud and clear, or use the ear-buds and microphone I got the last time I dropped my old phone (I was pleasantly surprised that it worked so well with the Nokia). Perhaps a plus here is that it is a solid phone as evidenced by multiple drops with no visual or functional issues, and that in itself is a "pro".Though the camera itself takes great photos etc., a flaw to me is that it is challenging to navigate to the camera. Yes, you can click the camera button on the side and go immediately to the take a picture mode, but when you take the shot and want to review it is several steps to do so. Same thing if trying to snap a photo from, say, the texting box. Seems like it should be easier.I mention here again the Apps Marketplace. There are a lot of novel, fun, articulate apps for the Windows phone, however, the apps that "everyone has", or even the one that you want for your bank, for example, or EasyShift or whatever, it's not available for this phone. It's a small but annoying thing that and hopefully folks developing apps will begin to identify the Windows platform phones as a focus for development. Though a "small" thing it warrants the 4 versus the 5 star review.So that's about it at this point. I do want to note that this review has not mentioned the buying or selling process here at all as I did not purchase the phone with this seller.Thanks and enjoy!