I have had this phone for about two months now.... I like it but it does have a couple annoying problems. Never experienced the problem other reviewers are having, where they need to restart the phone to send a text. HAVE noticed that when you first turn the phone on, you it takes about a minute before it will let you access the messaging feature. Kinda annoying. And it takes longer than it should to send a text... a couple of seconds each time. Also, it would be nice if text conversations were shown as threaded, but this is a minor concern to me.Worst part of this phone for me is the battery life. I have to charge it every night for several hours. It does not charge quickly, and WORST OF ALL, if the battery is low, the phone will shut off even when it is plugged into the wall. It has done this several times while I was in the middle of a conversation, or when I had it charging at night and was counting on it as my morning alarm. VERY ANNOYING. Also hate how the phone will not let you access any features except talk and text when the battery is low.... you can't access or record pictures, video, audio, etc.I do not use the internet features on this phone, so I can't comment on that.I use this like a regular cell phone, for talk and text, not like a smart phone. Aside from the problems I mentioned, it does the job for me and I like it a lot. I like the look of it, and its not too bulky to fit in the pocket of my tight jeans. The touch-screen works well, display is bright and beautiful. I have no problems using the QWERTY keyboard (but I am a girl so my fingers are small) and it is SO much better than texting with a regular phone keypad. I like the fact it will bluetooth or USB connect to your computer, so its easy to upload pics and music, or use it like a pen drive to transport any type of files. (If you do this, you WILL need to buy a SD card, or you will use all your memory up really fast.) I also like that you can use any recorded or uploaded audio clip as a ring-tone, so there's never a need to buy.I don't know if I would recommend this phone. Its not perfect, but I have never found a phone I have loved 100%. I got mine on ebay for only $60, so for that price I think its worth it.