Everything on this phone works, and works great!  Wi-fi worked the first time, and is reliable every time.  Easy to figure out and use.  About the only thing that took a bit to find was how to 'rotate' through different alternate words when texting.  A finger slide up on the black touch pad selects alternate words to use.  Which brings me to the other thing about this phone.  That black center button is actually a touch-sensitive pad, much like one found on a laptop.  It took a bit getting used to, but is now intuitive and functional.A quick visit to mob.org and I was able to fill this phone with plenty of FREE background wallpapers, ring-tones, and Java games.  No need to shop in the tracfone online store and pay through the nose.  I also had a 4GB micro-SD card that I filled up with purchased iTunes music; plus some Windows WMA and generic MP3 music.  They all played on this Samsung S390G phone with no problems!  Be careful about getting cases for this phone.  Most on Amazon are for the Samsung S390 (note the missing G) and do NOT fit this S390G phone.  The leather ones seem to work fine, but the hard cases don't.The camera takes decent picks.  It's a step up from the VGA camera I had on my previous flip-phone, but it's no hi-end camera like a dedicated camera and doesn't have a flash.  The speakerphone is clear and actually plays music quite well for its size.  This phone has blue-tooth and has an option for sending music to a pair of blue-tooth ready headphones, although I haven't tried that feature yet.This phone has the ability to tie into an e-mail account. For any corporate users out there, there is an additional option to tie into an Exchange E-mail server at work.  That makes this S390G very Blackberry-like.This S390G Samsung phone from Tracfone is about as close as you can get to having a smart-phone without paying the high monthly service fees.  I'm not saying this S390G is as flexible or feature-laden as a true smart-phone, but it's a major step up from the traditional flip-phone features offered from Tracfone.