There's no way around it: the Galaxy Note is the best phone you can get right now. It leads everybody in inches and pixels, is up there in terms of storage (save for the Iphone, but with the benefit of micro-SD storage), has a top of line processor, the standard day long battery life (which is a reach for many top of line Android devices, especially the beautifully built HTC line), and Samsung's signature plastic yet solid built. The camera, while not the best out there, is far superior to the Nexus' (which, remember, doesn't support micro-SD). The only way around it is not considering it a phone, but let's be honest here: it would be silly (if not moronic) to carry the Note AND a phone around; it fits (if barely) a pocket, it makes calls without a earpiece, so it's a phone. While I'm not particulary found of tablets, I do love smartphones, and I took the leap of faith to buy the huge "phablet" Note for phone only use. But really, make no mistake, it's a big phone, NOT a small tablet. And boy did a make a good choice. The screen is absolutely stellar to the point of putting my old HTC Deside HD to shame; there's no way to come back to the tiny 4.3 non-HD screen. It's funny how the once considered huge 4.3 screen has been dwarfed by the Note's. The performance is top-notch by any standart as it handles every task you throw it's way. And there's no complaint whatsoever about handling the big device. So much is said about the difficult one-hand use of the phone; well, it's a good thing then that I happen to have two of them! The lone problem for me is that I preferred to carry my old phone in the shirt pocket, but using the pants pocket is just fine. Granted, the Note doesn't ship with Ice Cream Sandwich, but it's a safe bet it won't take long for Samsung to upgrade the operational sistem. In short, there's no better Android option around, and I can guarantee you'll get used to the size of the device if you keep an open mind and care about quality and performance. As for the Iphone, you may get a better camera and more storage, but really, it's like comparing a Hyundai Sonata with a Fiat 500 (I live in Brazil; don't blame me, that's what I have here to compare). Remember when the Iphone's 3.5 screen was considered too big, four years ago? Me neither.