This is by far the worst phone I've ever had.  And here's why.There are so many pros and great features on this phone you can read from other reviews, but it's also the slowest piece of crap in the world.Understand I don't have crazy apps installed or memory overload or anything, but it literally takes up to THIRTY SEVEN minutes to load my texts.  SERIOUSLY.  I've actually let it sit there just to time it out.  Like it'll say received message and I click messages then the screen will say "Loading..." forever.And the funny part is the battery life is so terrible, you can't even go a full 12 hours without it dying.  And especially with 37 minute message load times, you don't even need to be playing games or watching videos because it's constantly trying to load messages.  Your battery will be drained completely when the message does finally pop up and you want to return the text.Now to make things worse, your roommate who texted you saying, "hey, can we meet up in 10 minutes" will think you're an a-hole because it took you forty minutes to respond to that text.  While you were trying to meet up to re-sign the lease on your apartment, now it's too late and you're homeless.  You get fired from work because you no longer have a house to shower and smell like turds constantly.  You can't afford electricity so now you can't even charge your crap phone.  You resort to theft and turning tricks for money and your life is ruined.All because of this crappy, useless phone.Okay, seriously though this phone blows and will cause you much frustration.  Maybe it's android and I'm blaming the wrong thing, but either way it blows.  Sometimes it'll freeze and I can't even pull up my contact list to make calls, unless if I wait half an hour or restart my phone which takes a solid ten minutes to restart.  Basically if you are getting rapes, robbed, murdered, pray you don't have this phone or you won't be able to call for help.  I've never wanted to slam my phone on the ground so many times in my life.  And I'm a pacifist too.