I received my Note (International Version) about two days ago. I am stationed in Germany and it still arrived ahead of schedule. The phone was delivered unlocked as advertised and it works very well with my telecom sim card. In order to get 3g to work on this phone, you have to enter the APN settings for your cell phone company. I was able to google APN settings for my network and now my phone works very well. One of the features I like the most is that the phone automatically switches from 3g to wifi once it recognizes a preexisting connection. It is a HUGE smartphone/tablet. Therefore, I use a motorola bluetooth headset or the speakerphone with it most of the time. It also comes with a corded earpiece to talk on. Although it is large, it is very thin and lightweight. It fits easily in my jean pocket or my coat pocket. I use the BoxWave case for it and a Realook anti-glare screen protector . The super HD Amoled screen is the best clarity I have ever seen on a smartphone. Movies show very well on this device. It is like a miniature HD tv. The camera on this phone is one of the best out there. It takes HD quality pictures. The wifi connection is not as strong as my other devices, but it works well with two or three bars. There are too many features to list about this phone. I have owned several smartphones throughout the years, including the iphone. I think this phone is the "iphone killer." If you don't mind carrying around a larger than average smartphone, you will love this device.UPDATE (8/6/12): I have owned my Samsung Note for 6 months now. Since my first review I have changed screen protectors because more options are available now. My Note is still running well. I am still amazed at the video and picture quality. I am currently stationed in Germany and I have not had any issues with my telecom sim card. The phone has frozen a few times, but holding the power button and home button restarts the phone with no issues. My phone serves as a mini command center and I do everything with it. This phone seems to have endless possibilities.I use the bluetooth feature everyday in my Challenger while cruising the autobahn. The phone pairs very quickly. I have to make sure I am not too close to my car while standing and talking on my phone because it will pair several feet away from it. It is important to deactivate bluetooth and wifi when not in use in order to preserve battery life. I consider myself a "browser" and after spending at least an hour total throughout the day browsing websites or looking for specific information, my phone is still able to last all day on one charge.