The phone was arrived a day earlier then the anticipated date, which was awesome. The phone was said to be in new condition and there were no scratches or blemishes anywhere. However when I turned on the phone it skipped the activation process and when straight to the part were you need to sign into a palm profile. The login fields were pre populated with a previous username. I decided to try to activate the phone anyways since it was in a like new condition.I called Page Plus and went through all the steps to activate it but nothing was working. The problem was that the phone could not get a signal from any cell towers. It just said searching... The Page Plus rep suggested that maybe the phone was defective because it seemed like the radio in the phone was not functioning properly. I was a little discouraged to hear that but he did have a point. But I dont give things up easily. So I decided to try and trouble shot the problem myself  with success.When I did was I typed in ##786# into the phone dialer. This brings up a screen with logistics support information. I then scrolled all the way down and at the bottom of that screen is a reset button. When you press this button a dialog box appears called "Mastery Subsidy Lock" asking for a password. I did some searching and found that the pasword is simply 000000. This will reset your phone to the condition it was in before it left the factory. So it erased the phone memory including any previous user settings. It also rests all radios and so forth and then the phone rebooted. After the phone turned back on it immediately found the nearest cell tower and was receiving its signal. I was then able to activate the phone with Page Plus without any issue.So in summery... If you have any problems activating and/or receiving any signal just open your dialer and:type ##786# in the dialerscroll down to the bottom of the next screen that openshit the rest button and enter the passord 000000 in the dialod boxconfirm the reset and wait for your phone to rebootThat should hopefully fix the problem.Update 1: I forgot to mention that this phone did not have any recondition date. So this phone was not a refurbish. You can find this information by typing ##786# into the phone dialer.