Ordered on Thursday and got it on Monday. Well decided to buy it because for 90 bucks this is a great deal which cannot be compared with any other service provider for an use-and-throw phone. Also ordered the 4GB external memory for the phone which was easy to insert in the back of the phone.About the phone-activation: I choose to do it online instead of calling their helpline. Made a quick profile and continued to do the activation by entering the serial number on their website (tracfone.com). Easy steps to follow and goes with out a glitch. After entering my serial number, I chose to continue entering my Tracfone minutes pin. It automatically verifies and shows that I have triple minutes for life. So it worked flawlessly. The only problem I had was when it asked me to switch-off and switch-on my phone to confirm the activation in my phone: My phone still said "activation required". I tried again and still the same. But, I choose to continue the steps online and when I finished all the steps, my phone automatically switched-off and turned-on to show that its been activated. Everything was over in a couple of minutes - better than waiting on the helpline.About the phone: Great phone. Nice features. Okay camera. Poor video. Poor speakerphone with noise but doesn't matter to me. Good contact information and profile settings. Bluetooth works great. Okay touch screen -  a bit passive but very good for the price of the phone. Keypad is like that of a regular phone but works flawlessly with touch. The unlock issue  reported by others is not a flaw. By default, it is set to autolock at every 10 seconds which can be changed to 20 or 30 or 60 or never. Also the top-right key locks/unlocks just by pressing it which is very convenient. The web-browser is more like an unusable feature - I am not too worried, just bought it for the minutes.Costs: I was surprised that this phone showed I had 1220 minutes and 425 days to use it instead of 1200 min and 365 days. Well, it's all good! The bad part is it costs 30 seconds (or 0.5 min) for texting.