Probably. In most states. But i bought this VM LG Rumor Touch at the 'red & white rings' store when it was on sale. Overall it's a great electronic device. Amazon and virgin mobile's site does a great job of describing it and telling you what to expect. I'll share just some impressions and not-so-great-things about it. But make no mistake, i'd recommend this easily.likes:* mp3's come through clear and crisp in external speaker(headphones and usb cable included)* that 3" touchscreen is nice compared to my previous 2" screen on my last cell. it's like going from standard def to HD(sorta)* pics are good and sharp. my shaky hand and some pics look blurry when in camera mode. but once you take it and view it, it looks great. thanks image stabilization(or a variation of it)* micro-sd slot is great for adding lots of mp3's. have not figured how to transport pics and vids to the sd-card slot to view on my camera yet. but then, i'm an idiot with gadgets. (figured it out, just go to tools>mass storage>file manager)* qwerty keyboard is fairly spaced out for me, but if you got big/chubby fingers you might have problems.* i'm a cheap, so i only pay $25 a month for this phone, total! i get 300 anytime minutes for calls, unlimited texts/pic msgs(not including the free messaging through social networks and emails), and unlimited web access. do i need to even repeat that? of course, higher plans with more talk minutes are available as an option.* 3G built-in(but no wi-fi). Spotty at times, but mostly consistent and reliably there when you want to surf the web.dislikes:* not very good video playback in camcorder mode. it's serviceable, and at least the option to take videos and watch them is there. just don't expect high-quality.* you can customize ur pics, but nothing really special or extensive. worse, you don't seem to be able to organzize your pics into specific albums(i will apologize if this option turns up, but i can't find any extensive options to organize your pics)* scrolling through long lists is imprecise and can be frustrating.* you can't seem to assign your mp3's as ringtones.* the default is an 'unlock' screen where you slide to unlock it to access your phone. doesn't bother me much, but i decided that i would leave my cell unlocked cause i could see it might annoy me if i had to unlock it with some code or procedure, no thanks. besides, it's not like i have government secrets on my phone.Overall, great phone(i've actually used it for calls a few times and the reception is good and i live out in the boonies sort of), tons of features, and a cheap monthly plan for me with other options for others. Highly recommended.