I activated phone online at tracfone site to get 20min/60days w/new phone number, then went back online and added seller-supplied pin w/250 promo code that I found on internet for 1470min/425days.  Later called customer service to transfer my minutes and service from my old tracfone phone to my new tracfone.  I got this phone with at&t; sim and version V10e software from shopcelldeals on ebay (excellent seller).  Phone was delivered promptly and came in sealed retail plastic blister pack.I bought this phone for its large screen for Google Maps.  After some searching got Google Maps installed as trusted app but the map is not touch enabled so I must use  keypad for navigation that consumes 1/2" screen space at bottom.  Ran Google maps with traffic (slow) and even 360 streetview (very slow); before moving map, I turn traffic off then back on; numeric commands 1/2/3/7 work well.Installed Opera Mini 7 and also 4 as trusted browser apps.  Opera Mini 7 is slow to boot and much less responsive than 4  but is more convenient, e.g. has password manager.  I got the old browser icon off the desktop but couldn't get icons on the desktop for Opera Mini or Google Maps.  Neither Opera Mini nor Google Maps have terminated unexpectedly, as they did on my prior phone which had insufficient storage.It is difficult to use automated phone services which require keypad tones because the phone keeps locking and sometimes I have to re-boot phone to get tones generated. The phone also tended to generate tones that are long in duration, not recognized by my automated service.  Maybe in a later software version these defects will be corrected.  I also don't like having to use two hands to push the power switch on edge of cell phone (to unlock screen or to turn off/on phone); the power switch also requires a precise push.I still make mistakes performing the correct touch screen motions, e.g. I have to apply firm pressure to scroll through my contacts;  too little and the screen won't move; if I accidentedly release my finger too soon the phone will present a contact for viewing or dial the number.  Alternatively, I can use the red scroll bar on the right but I have to make sure I touch the exact correct spot.  It is like learning to play a finicky musical instrument but first I have to discover how to play it.It still sometimes takes me a moment to realize the exit button isn't on the touch screen, that I have to press the physical middle button at the bottom of the phone.  In addition, I wasn't able to change the giant font of contacts; nor could I rename groups (restored after re-boot).If I had just needed a phone w/o internet, I definitely would not have bought this touch phone.