I live around Jacksonville, FL.  I get about the same coverage i got when i had at&t.;  I've had my i730 since April of this year.  I used to have a lot of problems with the phone dropping calls, but over the past couple of months, it has improved substantially.I would recommend to everyone to go to nextel.com, type in gps in the search area on the homepage, and see if your phone meets the criteria for a software upgrade.  Through this, you can also get motorola to send you a free data cable.  I took my phone to the nextel service center and not only did they put the new software on it, they also placed a grounding disc inside the phone.  Although, i get a little more feedback, the speaker is louder, and my reception has improved.  GOing to work out in the boondocks at Raiford, I used to have three or so dead spots, but now i only have one.  also, with the new software, the i730 is now capable of ringing and vibrating at the same time.  i found that out on accident playing with the ring tones.for the people out there that complain about having to sign a one or two year service contract, keep in mind that the companies are in business to make a profit.  if you don't like signing a contract, get a pay per use cell phone.also, you can use telenav for free, w/o it giving you directions.  just unzip it (it should already be on your phone) and just use the basic compass.  It will tell you how fast you are driving, where you are, and what direction you are going.  it was also tell you how many satellites you are using too.I also enjoy paying only $3.50 to access about 80+ sites on the wireless internet on this phone.  that is unlimited access.  My friend has Mmode, and he has to pay per kb used.  Also, i pay $59.99 for unlimited incoming calls, and 400 anytime minutes.  that is a lot cheaper than when i had at & t and they charged me a lot for going over my minutes.  So, to sum it up, it's easier to pay ten dollars, for the free incoming than it is to pay one hundred dollars going over your minutes paying for incoming and outgoing calls.