Bought this because I had a dual SIM phone in Asia, but my phone in Asia (HTC Desire V) did not support the 3G frequencies for the Americas.  The phone is great for a phone with some smartphone capabilities, but as a smartphone, it has some annoyances.Firstly, the system doesn't use a stock ICS interface, but rather uses the GO Launcher with a Blu Theme. Not too much of a problem, except the lock screen.  (I have a Galaxy Nexus and the lock screen displays the time and date.)  On this phone, the time and date are relegated to the obnoxious wallpaper.  The image you see is the  WP Clock Live wallpaper (check out your favorite app store to try it out).  If you change the wallpaper, you lose the clock on the lockscreen.  The wallpaper is obnoxious because it's so bold and takes up HALF of the icon real estate on ALL of the screens.  I couldn't find a way to rectify the situation.  I use my phone for a clock too (in lieu of wearing a watch) - it's a bit of an annoyance but limits the customization of the interface which Android is known for being better than the competition.A slight nuisance is also that the system comes pre-installed with Facebook, Twitter, and Whatsapp.  There is no way to uninstall it. I don't use any of those apps (a G+ person) and the Play Store notifies me (at least every day if not more) that there are updates for Facebook, Twitter, and Whatsapp.The audio on the speaker out is pretty decent, but plug in the headphones and things sound horrible.  For some reason, the audio sounds very distant and echoey with the headphones.  On top of that, there is a recurrent pulsing that occurs in the headset, you can hear it during music or listening to nothing.  Not sure if there is some crosstalk occurring with the internal hardware, but it drives me nuts to the point where I cant use the headphones.For the price, you get a decent dual SIM phone.  It seems really light in one's hand and the battery seems to drain faster than my other dual SIM GSM phone, I'm not too sure what's happening there.  The 4GB of storage are on the pre-installed micro SD card, so if you want more memory you'll have to replace that card.Anyway, caveat emptor.  It's an okay phone, but it's not going to be on par with the quality you'd expect like a Nexus, a Galaxy S, or HTC One type phone.