I bought this phone for a long stint in Sub Saharan Africa and for its ability to go anywhere in the world given that it is unlocked.  I am previous BlackBerry user and liked that interface, which may be why I found the Nokia so vexing to use.Pros: It works well in Africa, England and the US with local SIM cards: Airtel (Africa), WorldSIM (England) and AT&T; (USA, used the GoPhone plan).  So there it gets five stars.  Battery life is stellar, several days before it needs recharging.  Reception is very good in every setting.  I have had no dropped calls and the sound quality was reasonable. The volume adjustment was elusive however, which brings us to the...Cons: The camera is terrible.  In dim lighting the photos have streaks like 1970s-style TV interference. In regular light, the quality is plain low. I took hundreds of photos and ended up deleting them all because none were worth keeping.  In NO setting could it substitute for a camera.Nokia interface is what it is, and I found it cumbersome and at times even painful.  For example, finding the clock takes several screens, and setting up a daily alarm is not an option.  SMS with pictures does not work.  I was never able to set up the mail as I have on my computers and iPad and had to use webmail, which was cumbersome.  The internet did work consistently, but the pages loaded awkwardly and did not fit the screen, thus requiring a scroll back in forth to read.  My greatest grievance is the navigation button, which does not let you scroll smoothly through pages thus greatly increasing the work to get around.Specifically, it requires that you click for each increment in scrolling rather than allowing continuous scroll.  Getting back to the top of a page, for example, can take thirty clicks.  I could go on and on, but in short, it was labor intensive to do basic tasks, so much so that I did not get very far in using advanced tasks.I have to say that I am surprised by such glowing reviews, and three stars feels generous.  BlackBerry and iPhone are far easier to use and with more pleasant interfaces and much better internet capabilities.  If you know and love Nokia, then this phone certainly delivers in terms of being a trouble free phone, but the navigation and internet interface are deal breakers for me.After a fall into water, my Nokia E71 is now defunct, and I am glad to be moving on.