I had bought Nokia 5530 as I am used to nokias product and quality but with this phone my stand abt nokia phone quality took a severe beating. I had used it for three days without not much if hickups expect for some restarts which happened when i browse the web in my wifi. I will start with my feed back for the three days i used without much problem first.1 - The phone looks good for the price.2 - The v10 firmware is useless and its a must to upgrade the firware to v11 or v20 (latest) so that most of the things work smoothly.3 - The touch screen is quite responsive and the features provided are also good. We can add 20 contacts in the home screen for faster dialling( this feature was problematic in v10 firmware but once i upgraded to v20 its worked smoothly to perfection)4 - The music player is awesome. Mainly due to the excellent earphones. The music player also had problems in v10 but worked without any hiccups in v20.5- Battery life is not much and you will need to recharge it daily but the recharge time is really fast and the phone recharges within a hour to nearly full. (1 got only 16 hours - 8 hours in wifi and then 1 hour in game etc)6 - Connecting to wifi crashed in v10 of the firmware but worked fine even after long usage after i upgraded to v20.7 - Kinetic scrolling rocks. It much smoother once u upgrade.But after three days of usage the phone stopped been a phone i.e. the main use of a phone is to take calls and to dial others but whenever i take a call or try to call another no the phone just switches off. ya just like that. I tried resetting it to factory settings, i tried reinstalling the firmware , did everthin but the problem is still persisting. I came to know tht lot of people are facing such issues and mostly it seems its a hardware problem in which the speaker is earthing itself and the phone switches off. Its really diifcult when u come to know that the problem is hardware and nokia didnt take the care to check the quality of its product as lot of people are facing these issuesAnyway i have asked amazon for an exchange. Hope this new phone which comes is defect free.For anyone who is planning to buy this phone i wont recommend it now until nokia sloves all the problems but after tht this phone is definetly a buy.