There are a lot of features that are good on this phone; however, everything were balance out by the stuff that are not working... I had the Hong Kong verison of S3, loved it for the first month, but now... want to destory it every time I pick it up.The current problem I have:1. Battery life is ridiculously short, 10 min of drive to work using bluetooth audio to the car, 10% will be gone (save battery mode not seems help too much)2. Keep rebooting itself randomly for no reason when playing music thru bluetooth3. Music player don't know how to pause the song, so if the phone reboot, it replay the song from beginning again, or if you drive inside a mall to stop by different shops, you will have to listen to that same song over and over again4. Music player will play all the sound files in the phone including ring tone, audio files from whatsapp (need to create playlist, not easy if you have thousands of song need to sort)5. Phone will freeze randomly and no respond while pressing the home or lock key (could end up rebooting or need to wait for awhile to respond)6. Build in keyboard lagging, always delay for over a second7. Overheat!!!!! the bottom of the phone can become extremely hot while using the phone8. Phone call log showing all the calls and messages, need to fliter it every time9. Not supporting multi language coding, if you select Chinese as the phone language, phone will not display Japanese characters or other language (English is fine) in songs; if select English as system language, you won't able to read any other language characters10. International version not including Chinese system language (It happen on the Galaxy Note, not sure about S3, but I think is the same)11. Customer service is bad, online chatting agent give me a respond said they are not train for phone that is not US version, told me to contact Hong Kong customer service, but gave me a China number instead... When I email Hong Kong customer service, they said I had to bring the phone to the service department in Hong Kong12. Memory usage is also extremely high, every time I open the RAM control, it used up 90% (still use over 50% if you clear the memory...)I had been using my iphone 4 for years without any of these issues... regrating paying almost $800 for the phone, now just wish the new iphone will come out soon so I can leave this hell...Looks like I'm not the "human" that Samsung is designed for...