Update: After more than 2 years of using this phone, I just wanted to provide an update for anybody who is intereted in this one. My phone still goes strong, no issues at all. Battery life is still good. Nokia provided 5 software upgrades so far. Turn by turn navigation is awesome which was not there when I bought this one. I paid $450 when it came out, now it costs $200 which is a real steal. Very few products on Amazon hwv such high rating after 300+ reviews which speaks a lot about this product.This phone is amazing! I am impressed. The best build quality I have ever seen on a cellphone. This is built like a tank with some real metal and precision engineering. You have to hold it to feel it. Even with all the superlatives, be ready for a pleasant surprise if you ever buy this phone.The 1500mAh battery is one of the juiciest ever on a cellphone and will last 2-3 days on 3G with moderate to heavy use. I gave up trying to drain the battery out on this one.Call quality is excellent and the earpiece is loud. Keypad is nice and comfy. Symbian OS is really snappy with no lags, and supports multitasking. No crashes or reboots after 3 weeks of ownership. E-Mail setup was super easy. There is a wee bit of learning curve with Symbian, but I could master this phone in 2-3 days with little help from the manual/online forums.The out of the  box feature set is awesome. It is the swiss knife among smartphones. Bluetooth stereo, Podcast, music player, GPS, WiFi, VOIP, MMS, email push, POP and IMAP support, calendar and contacts sync, Microsoft exchange compatibility, full web browser, QuickOffice, PDF, zip..you name it, this phone comes with it. There are tons of 3rd party apps available online for Symbian OS.And the most important of all it works as a phone!. Very good reception like any other Nokia, and the call quality is superb.Only cons I can think of are:- Finger prints on the stainless steel and glass surfaces.- Camera is nothing special to write about.- Email clients are adequate for an average consumer, but not enterprise grade.- 2.5 mm audio jack needs special adapters (cheap) or Nokia earphone.