I've used a lot of smart phones extensively, so here's my take on it.PROS1. amazing camera. still unrivaled amongst phones, even the n9 is going to have a worse camera than the n8.2. snappy UI, great performance.3. great call quality (i'm using it with an AT&T; sim card).4. GPS is matched only by google maps, with better turn-by-turn directions and the option to store maps offline so you don't use data when you're out and about (great for prepaid and for those no-longer 'unlimited' data plans).5. solid build quality/aesthetics (i have the orange and it looks amazing)6. amazing quality screen7. impressive OS flexibility*CONS1. related to pro #2 - the snappy UI comes about because the system it's built on is ancient. For polish/intuitiveness, you can't beat iPhone/Android, even Windows Phone 7 or WebOS.2. GPS search is abysmal compared to google maps. Though comparable to car GPS systems.3. screen has low resolution**4. OVI store is not nearly as solid as Windows Phone 7/WebOS or as massive as Android Market/App Store.SPECIAL NOTES* the OS is really capable, with features built-in you wouldn't find on other phones. It's got an FM transmitter (so you can broadcast your music to your car radio). It can function as a network interface for tethering your computer. It's got a solid bluetooth implementation so you can drop files onto it wirelessly (can't do that on iPhone/iPad). Nokia also builds syncing software; not as polished as iTunes, but way better than what other companies provide; the mac syncing stuff that nokia has hooks into iCal, iPhoto, iTunes to boot.** the screen has really low resolution, but is still vibrant and crisp. because of the display, blacks are PURE black (darkness) and not backlit. you really have to see it in person to know what i mean.overall, despite its shortcomings, if you know what to expect, you won't be disappointed. especially for the price you get for this at amazon, the GPS/camera alone make it worth more than any HD android phone out there for anyone who doesn't like to be under contract.