This review is written after 2 months usage:I can summarize my e71 experience in four words: small and infinitely versatile.My smartphone criteria included: an unlocked, small, useful smartphone with reliable connection capabilities, good voice quality and a useable QWERTY keyboard.  Other criteria included quad-band GSM and Wi-Fi.  The e71 fills the bill admirably.Using the AT&T; network I'm able to connect in places I could not connect before and the voice quality is superior to my wife's Blackberry. In two months I remember only one dropped call and that occurred as the signal was passed from one tower to another (in a weak signal area).  The keyboard is very funcitional even for my male hands and short fingernails.The screen is smallish but that comes with selecting a smaller, pocketable phone.  The build quality is outstanding and in my opinion it is (still) the best looking phone on the market.  Despite the small dimensions and thin profile, it feels substantial in the hand but rides comfortably in my pocket. (I tried a couple different style belt holders but found it challenging to get the smooth surfaced phone out of the pouch quickly so  I reverted to using the Nokia supplied pouch and keep it in my pocket).The Symbian OS is very functional and the e71 arrives loaded with most everything you need to get started.  There are more programs on the Nokia web site and there are lots of other sites that specialize in Symbian programs.  If you want to change the Nokia theme or need additional software there is plenty available both for free and for purchase.  I am still looking for an acceptable Symbian tweaked web browser but otherwise I've found everthing else I need.A high pixel count camera on a cell phone is not an important feature for me.  I find the 3.2 megapixel camera on the e-71 more than adequate for casual use and easy to use.  Included camera software is a plus.One my favorite features of the e71 Symbian OS is the ability to segregate my business and personal life with different home pages and themes.Wi-Fi is a definite asset.  It is great having the option of using the AT&T; network or Wi-Fi.If your smartphone criteria is similar to mine you will find the e71 a real winner.