I'm so impressed with this little phone! I've never owned a smart phone, and so I can't compare it to any others.A couple of months ago, I lost my LG chocolate that I got for free when I renewed my Verizon contract, which expires in 12/11. I considered renewing my contract for another 2 years, but the options were very different from 2 yrs ago when I last renewed my contract. Then, you could get most any state-of-the-art phones for free with a contract renewal. Now, there are only 1-2 free non-smart phone options for free with a contract, and the state-of-the-art smart phones cost hundreds of dollars WITH A 2 YEAR CONTRACT RENEWAL. Without a contract, non-smart phones start at over $200, and smart phones can be over $700. I was in sticker shock. After just losing a phone that I really liked (perhaps stolen?) I worried about having an expensive phone, having it be vulnerable to theft, and trying to replace it again with the prices ever increasing.And so...I was delighted and incredulous when I saw the Palm Pixie for sale at $39. With a price like that, I felt there wasn't that much to lose to give it a try. I was also drawn by the fact that it is a no contract phone, as I don't get cell coverage where I live, and figured getting a prepaid plan when my contract runs out would save money (.95/day for days you use the phone + .05 per minute).I have been blown away by the phone's capabilities. The sound is clearer than my old phone, the tiny QWERTY keyboard and the touch screen take some getting used to for an older technology user like myself, but are very useable once you get used to them. I love the smart phone screens, and actually enjoy their ease of use. I've never had a smart phone before, so I don't know how it compares to others, but I love it!I feel like I wasn't clever enough to talk Verizon out of forcing me to have a data plan ($30/mo) with this phone. I can see many other people have had luck with this, and I'd love to get some pointers. In the meantime, I'm really enjoying the Internet connection, and listen to music frequently. The little speakers are okay, and it has a standard earphone plug (I used one I got on an airplane).I plan to go "no contract" when my contract expires, and save $$$. Fees and prices of cell phones continue to rise, and more elaborate and expensive services get added all the time. I'm grateful to Palm for offering a product with such amazing value. I notice that the cost of it has increased from $39 to $44 just in the month since I bought it, so if you're considering buying one, do so soon. I'm buying a "back up" in case mine ever gets lost.