I detested Metro PCS for the longest time. However, I noticed they not only improved their coverage, but made better phones. I was with Straight Talk and wanted to upgrade, but they didn't have a variety of Android phones. Not to mention, the few they had were overpriced. I looked at Metro PCS' website and saw the Samsung Admire for ONLY $59.00 I figured I would give it a try.Applications: This phone has many apps, which can be chosen from. Of course, some of the most popular apps are by default, such as Facebook and YouTube. Other apps can also be obtained for free or via purchase.Camera/Camcorder: Don't be fooled by the 3.2 mega pixel insignia on the back of the camera because the clarity shows a heck of a lot better than the indication. Believe it or not, the clarity rivals the 5 mega pixels on a BlackBerry Bold. Not to mention, the clarity of the videos is just as good.Gmail: This phone has a default Google Mail application, which is cool because I have GMail. Each time you receive an email, you will get an alert, which will have an icon of an envelope on the upper left-handed corner of the phone. If you do not have GMail, not to worry! There is a default Email app, which handles your incoming emails the same as GMail does.GPS: The GPS on this phone is second-to-none. Not to mention, it is probably better than many GPS systems on the market. There are a few apps, which give you GPS navigation. However, I would suggest using the Navigation app. Just tap the microphone icon, and choose the destination, which you wish to travel to. While driving, you are given live, turn-by-turn instructions to the chosen destination. Not to mention, if you go a different route than the one given, the GPS will automatically re-route and modify directions to the same chosen location.Voice Automated Text: For those people, who like to unsafely drive, while texting, this feature is ideal. On the text screen, just tap the microphone icon and speak. The system will actually text what you say. However, don't say TOO many words and speak as clear as possible.Web Browser/Wi-Fi: The phone only has a 3G network. However, it can be very fast, depending on your location. In other words, if you are in a bad location, you may not be able to successfully watch YouTube videos. I would advise to have the Wi-Fi setting on.This phone may not be the best, such as the 4G phones. However, for all it does, and the current price, it is definitely worth owning.