I bought this phone after having an SE T68i, and before that a Motorola StarTAC clamshell. They were both great phones for their time, and the T616 is pretty much in the same class.As soon as I bought my PowerBook two years ago, I thought it would be neat to be able to use Address Book for my cell phone. When Apple released Bluetooth support, I bought a dongle and got the T68i. I loved it. It was small, it was sleek, it had a color screen, and there was never anything I couldn't do with it. It had one fatal flaw: A volume slider on the left hand side. Which broke off. And which was going to cost $100 to repair.So I bought the T616, and was awestruck as soon as I got it. I'm kind of a gadget fanatic, and this phone is great for me. The screen is amazing, beautifully crisp and colorful. The body is only a tiny bit bigger than the T68i, but actually feels a little smaller. The Java games support probably strikes most people as slow and mundane, but I love the idea, and the games available for the T616 are better than I ever saw for the T68i. And of course, it can still synchronize with iCal and Address Book, something I love. The camera is kind of fun, even if the lens is awful. I have no idea what use a camera which can only take (approx.) 300x200 photos is, but hey, why not?I can't speak to mMode because AT&T;'s pricing is beyond ludicrous. Although if they'd ever just get Mapquest service I might just pay for their insane $8 plan (the $3-plus-per-kilobyte plan is a major rip-off). I'm told the phone does not have the greatest WAP browsing, although having used the T68i's once or twice I can't imagine anything feeling sluggish in comparison.The OS is actually much easier than most people think, once you get the hang of it. The trick is to remember where the icons go and to always check the contextual menus. Once you do that, you can do almost anything without thinking very hard on the T616.There is only one thing I dislike about the phone and its design. The fact that there are two buttons which can SOMETIMES have overlapping functions ('Back' and either the left or right side top button, depending) and that the left and right side buttons don't have predefined functions drives me insane. I'm always clicking on the wrong one, with, yes, predictable hilarity resulting.I'll give the T616 a two-thumbs-up review any day of the week. If you want to sync wirelessly with iCal and Address Book and want something that fits in your pocket, this phone is your best bet.