This is a review of the Samsung Galaxy S3 i930016GB - Unlocked International Version No Warranty sold by TexasElectronicsdistributor and fullfill by Amazon. I bought this phone to give to a relative,outside the USA, as a gift for when I visit. I read some reviews about fake S3 International being sold by vendors on Amazon. But I hope that being fullfill by Amazon I would get real one. If I got a fake I would just return it before my trip and get my relative another phone in her country. When I got the phone, I open the box and everything look brand new and said S3 International I9300 including the label on the back of the phone where the battery would go. I thought great and took it on my trip. When I powered it up for my relative and check the phone the boot screen showed I9300. I check about phone in the settings and it showed the Device was I9300. But I notice that superuser was install so it was already rooted, which was unexpected as it was a brand new phone. It was only when I was trying to install a custom recovery to install a custom rom and fonts, that I realize it was fake. When I was in Download mode to install the custom recovery, it should have also said I9300, but it said it was I747 which an S3 but not the international one. I google it and others seem to have this problem. It seems to be that someone remove the internal motherboad of the I9300 and replace it with the I747 variant, but keeping the external case of the I9300. Then that person rooted it and install a custom rom that deceived the user into thinking it is a I9300 in the setting. My trip was about a month, so it is too late to return it. The custom recoverys for  I9300 failed to install properly, But the custom recovery for the other S3 variants which includes I747 worked. I didn't want to risk bricking the phone so I left installed rom alone. On top of that the battery was faulty and had to be replaced. It is her first smart phone so my relative kept it anyways and seem to like it. Just be aware of fakes. If it is already rooted when you get it, it is probably fake. Reboot into download mode. If it doesn't say I9300 it is fake.