I've had 4 Android phones in the past 2 years and sadly, this one was the worst for the money. Why? Read one if you're curious.I've had 5 Galaxy S III's. They are, unfortunately, quite lacking in build quality and reliability.- My first one had dead pixels on the screen. These are small black specks on the screen you can  see when your phone has darker/black backgrounds (such as during movies). It doesn't affect performance but my goodness, it really does get annoying. Had this one replaced after just 2 weeks owning it. Apparently it's a quality control issue that comes up on many GS III's. I had this one replaced.- My replacement started overheating and draining my battery very fast within just 3 weeks of owning it. I had this one replaced too.- My third one worked alright for about 3 months. Then, one day, the front-facing camera started displaying a green hue of light on each side of it. It showed up in pictures too. I don't use the front-facing camera much but still, it was deemed a hardware failure by Samsung and was sent yet another replacement phone.- My fourth GS III went for a month or so. Then this one started eating battery very quickly as well (without data or wifi on) and I sent this one back.I just got my fifth GS III a couple weeks ago. Needless to say I sold it because my warranty would end in a couple months and if I had another failure, I would be stuck with it this time around. It's a shame because out of all my phones I've had (I've had quite a few), this was my favorite in terms of capability, user interface, and value. However, the physical quality and reliability is very subpar and needless to say, I picked up an iPhone 5 last week.In terms of software, the iPhone is an EXTREME DOWNGRADE IMHO, but hardware-wise, it puts the GS III to shame. It just feels so much more premium and well-built.I may have just gotten unlucky (four times) but BUYER BEWARE!** NOTE: I had a Ghost Armor screen protector and case on each one of my GS III's and none of them suffered from water damage or were every dropped. I like to think I take very good care of my phones too. **