This phone looked very promising.  I'm not someone who ever wanted a smartphone so I'm still a fan of basic phones that do not require data plans.  Unfortunately, good-looking basic phones are hard to find.  I thought I got lucky when I found this Lg Cookie in pink since it looks really cute and on top of that it's an LG product and on top of THAT I found an unlocked one online (expensive, though).  I've been using it for about a month now and this is what I've noticed so far:* The touch screen feature is not perfect.  I have such a difficult time texting in both horizontal and vertical screens.  I'm usually a pretty fast texter but I usually end up spending more time deleting misspelled words over and over again until I can type it right (I don't like T9).  I don't have big fingers at all.  I've had several touch screen phones before and this one is by far the most difficult to use.* It doesn't get as hot as other touch screen phones.  I remember using another Lg phone that played MP3s and it would get burning hot after a few minutes talking to someone.  This phone doesn't heat up at all.* Battery life is horrible.  I usually have to charge the phone all night to be able to use it the next day.  If I leave it on silent and don't pick it up for 9 hours while I'm at work, it still drains battery life so this phone is impossible to use for two days in a row without charging it for several hours.  If I forget to charge it the night before, I don't have a working phone the next day.  This is probably the most inconvenient part of this phone.* Voice is crystal clear.  Not sure how clearly people on the other line can hear me but I can hear them very well.* The low battery beep is really annoying.  The intervals seem to be less than 5 minutes and it's obnoxiously loud even when the phone is on silent.I miss the days when phones used to be simple.  I don't want to follow this trend of smart phones because I really don't find it necessary.  I never need to look something up on the internet or play games or have an app for a Starbucks card that I already have in my wallet.  It's all too extravagant for me.  When I go out I like to enjoy being out- not have my eyes glued to my phone.Anyway, I'm putting up with this now until I can find a replacement.