It has been a month since I have switched from iPhone4 to Galaxy Note.  I live in Pasadena/Los Angeles area where AT&T; has very good 4G/LTE coverage.Awesome-------Network speed: Using the "Speed Test" app, 4G/LTE download speeds range from 10-15+Mbps for downloads and 5-8Mbps for uploads.  I've even seen download speeds reaching 20Mbps.  So, network speed is about 4-10x faster than using my old iPhone4 over AT&T;'s 3G network.  I'm also getting 4G data coverage in certain parts of town where I had virtually no 3G data coverage.  I no longer bother switching to Wifi mode since it is too slow compared to 4G/LTE.Size: Great size for content viewing (webpages, YouTube, etc).  The iPhone4 screen seems so tiny now and I also returned a 7" Android tablet.  I found that there is no need to have a separate phone and a tablet.  I haven't felt that I need a phone case and this unit slides very comfortably into my front pant pockets since it is pretty thin.Good----Cost: I bought this device from Amazon Wireless which was about $250 (White) all-in including a car charger that came with it.  This is about $100 cheaper than buying from AT&T; which is about $300 and then sales tax on the non-subsized price.Data plan: My previous 2yr contract with AT&T; iPhone4 had an unlimited data plan and I was able to convince AT&T; to roll that into my Galaxy Note plan.Speaker phone: The speaker phone is very clear and loud.  For conference calls, you can place the unit on a tabletop and listen over the speakerphone.  I was never able to do this with my iPhone4.Battery life: Screen is the biggest drain on the battery.  I usually keep the screen brightness to less than 50% and it consumes about 60% of battery.  I think the battery life is a bit better than my iPhone4 but not much better.  I basically still have to charge this unit daily.App store: Google app store has all the popular apps that are available for iOS.Roaming: I was able to roam (voice and data) without any problems in Japan (but without the benefit of 4G/LTE speeds.)S-pen: Very useful to take quick notesSo-so-----Hard and soft button layout: This unit has the power and volume buttons on the right and left sides along with the soft bottons (menu, home, back, search) on the bottom.  When you want to take a picture, you need to hold the unit just right so that you don't accidently hit any of these buttons.  This gets even more challenging when you want to hand the device to someone else to take the picture for you.One-handed operation: You may need to arrange the more commonly used apps nearer to your thumb.  Typing with thumb while holding in the same hand is bit tricky since you need to stretch your thumb to reach the far-end of the keyboard sometimes.Accessories: Not surprisingly, it is harder to find accessories for this unit.  Currently looking for a car vent mount kit.