I got my Comet through a promotion ($50 prepaid card) so I only paid less than $100 for it. But I had to wait for 2 weeks since my order was back ordered (no wonder given the promotion).When I finally got hands on this little thing, I realized a versatile gadget just arrived!To sum up, it has (almost) all the features high-end smart phones brag about: android 2.2, mp3, wifi, bluetooth, gps, tethering, camera, etc.I don't want to repeat the known features one by one. Here are a few things I am really pleasantly surprised.1. Tethering: once connected to 3G of Tmobile, Comet can be used as a portable Wi-Fi hotspot. I bought a one-day web pass from Tmobile for $1.50 and tried this feature out. It works like a charm. My can easily configure the wifi name, password within Comet. My laptop nearby then sees strong signal so it can connect to Internet through the phone. A quick speedtest reports 4000kps+ download speed also. I will never need to pay hotel $20 for Internet access anymore, ever!  The downside: T-mobile does cap the speed once you reach certain quota (30M?) per day. I did notice the speed drops later on.2. GPS. The default Navigation app works perfect. On a road drive, Comet can quickly pick up GPS signal and pinpoint my location in the map. Destination input becomes as easy as a builtin google search. The Navigation app shows not only map, but with detailed lane information, and with colored roads to indicate traffic information (the similar traffic layer in Google map).  The app also gives out voice instructions about turns. Comet can easily serve as a backup/(even a replacement if I buy a car holder) to my old Garmin 255W GPS.  I think Garmin  should really worry about this:  where is the market for a dedicated GPS device when even a low-end smartphone can have comparable/better GPS functions integrated?Enough positives. Here are some downside:1. the battery can be better. If you turn on GPS, 3G, use camera quite often, the battery will drain out in 5 hours or less.  But this maybe a universal problem for all smartphones.2. The speed is slow sometimes. But given its market position and price, I don't have too much to complain about.Bottomline: a very good choice for people who don't want to pay monthly bills but still want to join the crowd using smartphones.