We purchased this phone for our 12 year old for his birthday. So far, I still have it with me. I finally figured out how to use it, and add prepaid minutes. I am not the kind of person who uses a wireless phone every day. I only talk about 30 min. a month on a wireless phone. That's because I am self employed, and live/work in a very rural area. So, if your not wireless phone educated like me, maybe I can help you figure out your phone.I bought prepaid minutes online with kittywireless.com. They provided a new phone number for my phone, and two dollars of free phone time to set up the phone account.Unfortunately, they will not sell me any prepaid minutes unless they can verify who I am, and talk to me on my land line first. Since I leave for work very early in the morning, and don't get home until past 5PM PST, and they are located in a different time zone, they have not called when I'm home, and I have not found time to call them.I found another prepaid minutes provider, mysupplyworld.com, and they have similar plans available.  I just purchase the pin, and then call pageplus cellular to apply it. Very cool.The most difficult problem I have encountered with the service plan so far, is that although the verizon emblem is on my phone screen, I actually have a pageplus account, not a verizon account.I had to call the verizon service number in an attempt to apply prepaid minutes to figure out what was going on. They said the phone number I have was not a verizon number, and they thought it was a straighttalk number, so they connected me with straighttalk. Then I found out it is not one of their numbers either. So duh, I checked the two prepaid minute providers I had been trying to set up my phone with, and realized they are both pageplus account providers.That's when I realized that I have a pageplus account and phone number. I told you I'm not wireless phone educated. But I'm figurin things out, just kinda slow, that's all.As for the phone, it is very cool. It has all the app. capabilities that all the new phones have, and takes pictures, downloads music, etc.My concern about wireless phones is that young people these days spend so much time staring at them. It's like an old comedy television episode I saw years ago. Everyone in America was glued to their TV, just staring at the screen, and a group of crooks went house to house stealing whatever they could get their hands on.Kind of ironic, considering we were all fleeced just a couple of years ago, while we all stared at our screens.Look out Twilight Zone, here we come!