Background: I bought the Nokia C6-01 that was manufactured in Mexico for, I believe, the US market. It was used for travel in the UK with 02.Size: Great size and a good heft. The metal and glass outside casing made for a very nice look and feel.Construction Quality: Construction quality is excellent. Very good fit and finish.Battery: Long battery life and fast charge to full. I got two days with 4-5 calls a day (~30mins a piece), and a full day with heavy data usage and calls. It charged up over USB in a couple of hours.Screen: Amazing screen, great colors. I believe it is a Samsung AMOLED. Very easy to read.Bands: The phone I received was a true world phone. It had all the bands I needed for travel (GSM 850/900/1800/1900 UMTS 850/900/1700/2100). Call quality (sound and connection) was really good but wish the speaker could have been a little louder.Usability: Software: Symbian takes some getting used too (iPhone and Android user here). But overall everything was there and their app market is pretty good, was able to get Angry birds for free. Huge plus was the Ovi Map market. All the maps, for pretty much most of the world, are available for free from the Ovi portal. Also, with JokuSoft you are able to make the C6-01 into a mobile hotspot. Mechanical: Three hard keys and on screen keyboard. The hard keys have a good click feel to them. The only trouble was the on screen keyboard, or maybe it was my stubby fingers. I have to be careful to make sure I was pressing the correct letters on the screen. Of issue though is that the phone gets very hot if you use it continuously for more than 15-20mins. This occurs whether the phone is being used for data or for regular calls. I would recommend using a blue tooth headset.Camera: I used the camera and video options when I was on holiday. I used it outside during the day and found both the camera and video/audio to be quite good.Conclusion: So why four stars. After many hours at different O2 stores, and their in-store techs, I found out that my map feature would not work. Its A-GPS and so needs a data connection to work apparently, and though I was getting a solid data connection for everything else,the map software would not connect. So no maps and a lot of wasted time. They mentioned that I was not the first person to come in with this issue for Nokia phones. So I am left with three possibilities, 1. a dud phone, 2. problematic OS software and 3. something amiss with O2.Given a working map tool I would have rated this phone five stars, and the failed tool makes me want to rate it as one star. Giving Nokia the benefit of the doubt, and with excellent call quality, etc, I went with four stars. If possible, make sure you phone works before going abroad.