I have had this phone for about 10 months, and have used it only for infrequent texting and very little talking. I thought it had great potential to supply what I needed in a phone. I have had particular problems which I wanted to show in a review for others to consider before buying this phone - the T-Mobile Comet.The major problem with this phone is that it has very short battery life. I have several games installed on the phone which I considered playing while riding the bus, but quit because of the heavy drain on the battery whenever the phone is used, because if the screen is lit, the battery drains quickly.I use Task Killer to eliminate as much as possible functions working in the background. Then I open the "Running Services" and stop everything possible from running - all to conserve battery life. WiFi is always turned off as is the sound. I never access the internet with this phone. Still I have to recharge the phone within 12 to 14 hours or the battery will be completely drained.I have two batteries, the original and a recently purchased back-up battery. This issue is the same, regardless of which battery is in the phone. The only function I keep running in the background is Bluetooth.One other issue that is very annoying is the use of texting with the Comet. The keyboard is on the touch screen, and is so small that it is practically impossible to type on it without frequent erasures for incorrect letters.Swype is my method of choice for texting, but I frequently have to re-send texts with corrections for the many errors created by the stupid choices that Swype makes in word selection. It seems to often prefer words that don't exist when not giving me a list of words to choose from when I swype some simple, common word such as "to". It also has the very annoying habit of opening a stupid dialog box every time I choose a word other than the first choice in the drop-down box. All-in-all, swyping is a very slow way of texting, whereas it should be faster than typing.