If you're a super-texter, want to see every web site, like to charge your phone every two weeks, or are looking to photograph your wedding, then this phone is a pass. It is not an iPhone or BlackBerry.Things it does well:- Make calls. It is about the loudest phone I've ever owned.- Voice dial. Sure, it's got it's moments when you say "Call Mom," and it says "Calling Swedish Embassy," but mostly it gets it right.- Google Maps. See where you are, get directions to where you want to go. It is not a replacement for a car type GPS, but it's a nice feature. (you can get turn-by-turn GPS for $1/24 hours or $5/month)- Texting. I send about 3 texts a month and it's much better than all the 10 key phones I've owned. It also groups your texts into conversations like gmail.OK stuff:- Web browsing. Here you've got a split personality, though. Some sites work great on the built in WAP browser, and others work great on the downloadable Opera browser.- Battery life. If you surf the web all day, you're not going to do it without recharging. If you occasionally send a text, check the weather, and generally let it sit waiting for calls, the battery lasts about 3-4 days.- Customer service. I had a couple problems getting started and porting in my number. Hold times for a real person were under 5 minutes every time I called -- you can quickly get to a person by saying "English", "Troubleshooting," then "Agent."- email. The built in email client can handle 1 each of Yahoo, AOL, MSN/Hotmail, GMail, and POP accounts. It beeps when you get mail, but if you don't hear the beep, there is no indication on the phone's idle screen. You have to start the mail program to check. It also scrolls annoyingly slow on long emails, and the volume buttons which scroll by page in most applications, do nothing.Maybe another phone:- Camera. The 1.3 Megapixel camera leaves much to be desired. (undocumented: the volume buttons zoom the camera in and out)- Video. It can't take video with the camera, you can't watch video (YouTube, etc.) on the web- Contact Vault. A $1 per month service that's supposed to backup your contacts online (something that my old T-Mobile prepaid did for free). It doesn't work on the Loft even though it is preloaded on the phone.I paid $69 and I think it was worth that price.Afterthought: after reading other reviews, I wonder if there are a couple software versions kicking around out there. Mine has never locked up. Never.