I got this phone from Amazon. It shipped on time, arrived on time, and even though I ordered a used phone, it was indeed brand new! Kudos to Amazon for their excellent job with that. The ONLY good thing about this phone is that it truly lives up to it's name of being "rugged". I have owned 4 different rugged phones (from T-Mobile, sprint, that other carrier that was affiliated with them back in the day, and Verizon). The only one that was indeed rugged was this one. I literally ran it over with my car, a truck, and a Humvee! Literally picked it up, wiped it off and carried on! Phone is built to last. I plunged this thing into a 12 foot deep pool (I chucked it in hard too), then I dove in, and took pictures and even made a phone call!!! (granted my wife couldn't understand what I was saying because I was underwater). Now that we have got that out of the way....on to the HORRIBLE. This phone is made for someone with patience. It is beyond slow, only works on 3G, Wi-Fi on it drops constantly (I put it literally next to my router and it couldn't connect until I restarted the phone), it constantly resets, and the keyboard goes all wonky after 30 days. I called Casio and Verizon and they did a software update.....THIS MADE IT UNBELIEVABLY WORSE!!!! I couldn't send text messages, make phone calls, and when I could get a call to go through, I would get a "hello" on the other end just in time for it to reset. It was after going through countless a**chewings from my boss (because I am in the Army and we need to be reached and respond within 30 seconds) I finally had enough. I tried to literally blow it up! Still did not destroy this machine!! So I angled it against my back tire and backed over it.....another fail....so I just gave it to my son. He likes it because he can jam out to tunes on it over the Wi-Fi (when it works) and because it has such a large speaker set, it cranks up. Besides the software and operating system being so degraded, it is a phone for the outdoorsman and clumsy people. Can also be subbed in as a great chock block.....that's about all it's good for. Seriously consider getting this phone for a young person! Not adult friendly or teenager friendly (unless you want to punish them).