Hello this review has been updated and lowered in rating.  We have 2 N8s and both of them froze and died.  This is a problem for many people and I would not recommend this phone until Nokia fixes this issue.Here are my pros and cons about this phone.  I have owned a lot of top smartphones, so I figured I would highlight what I find excels and what lags current crop.  Overall it is a very good phone.Pros:  Camera - The camera is pretty much perfect.  You can tell they put a lot of time into it because the software works well and the pictures are great.  There simply is no better camera out there on a phone.  Construction - This is a very attractive, and study phone.  I have no doubt it will last a long time, it is very nicely engineered  Battery Life - Battery lasts longer than any other smartphone I have used.  Memory-  People criticise the lack of ram, but I have not run out of ram ever, and actually having more ram wastes battery.  Radios - Pentaband phone, not very common.  This will work everywhere on earth pretty much.  Navigation - Free, no data connection needed and works very well.  GPS works better than any other phone I have used. Syncs fast and works even without view of sky.  Sports Tracker - It is awesome!  OMAP processor - Do not listen to MHZ junkies, this processor is very nice because it handles  Connectivity - This phone is the first one I have ever had that switches between Wifi, 3G etc seemlessly and shuts off data when phone not in use.  Very well done.  HDMI out/video - works well and default player plays nearly any format you throw at it.  even MKV files.Cons  Web Browser - After using the maemo browser on n900 I realize how good mobile browsing should be.  The default browser sucks bad.  I know they are coming out with update, but that is no excuse, should ship with good browser  On screen keyboard - It is terrible, Opera mini did it right on N8 why can nokia not do it.  Screen - The resolution is relatively low for modern smart phones.  It looks very nice, but when you view pages zoomed out text is garbled due to lack of resolution.  I have pretty good vision so I like to read tiny text rather than zoom in.  UI - Symbian is a perfectly fine OS, but the UI is inconsistent.  Some areas you hit enter to have setting go, some you have to hit check then ok, some menus go away when you touch shaded part etc.  Nothing is consistent.