Pros:- Very stylish design- Excellent connectivity options, including fantastic Bluetooth implementation- Very good battery life- Automatic timer-based keypad lock- Highly portableCons:- So-so signal reception- Poor LCD quality -- virtually impossible to read outdoor- No EDGE, no speakerphone- Slipperly chassis, prone to finger prints- Calendar lacks all-day events- Comparatively dated UI is slow at times- Keys can be small for larger hands- Somewhat high radiationT616 is AT&T's version of highly popular T610. Generally speaking, T616 is better suited for US residents than T610, which had generally worse RF reception on 1900 MHz GSM than T68i that it replaces. T616's reception should be comparable to T68i now. It is worth noting, however, T616 drops the 900 MHz GSM band popular in Europe while adding 800 MHz GSM.While T68i wasn't exactly lauded for RF reception quality, it was adequate. In areas with good to excellent signals (3 to 5 bars), T616 should be equally capable of high quality phone conversations. But deep inside the building where 1900 MHz signals have trouble penetrating or in areas where signal is low, T616 will generally perform poorly. For instance, Nokia 3650 sounded fine in areas where T616 stuttered or dropped out entirely.Signal quality aside, T616 is a good phone. If anything, it is arguably one of the best looking phones. While slightly larger than T68i, it is still strikingly thin and tiny. Turn the phone on, however, you may be disappointed by dim LCD output. It is virtually unusable outdoor. You must vary the angle of the phone to see anything even with backlight turned on.The UI sports pretty icons rendered with rich color. However, it remains largely unchanged from T68i, which could be positive to former Sony Ericsson users, but disappointing for those wanting latest and greatest. Worse, rapid key strokes will cause T616 to lag quite a bit.It would be unfair to ignore T616's greatest asset: Bluetooth. Whereas Nokia and other manufacturers add Bluetooth as a mere marketing feature (poor Bluetooth signal quality, incomplete support for many Bluetooth devices), Sony Ericsson took the time to do it right. It will sync and communicate with pretty much all applicable Bluetooth devices out there with virtually all the functionalities intact. It also syncs beautifully with Apple's iSync software.Although built-in camera results in decent enough pictures for MMS or quick email, it will not replace standalone digital camera. Considering 99.9% of the camera phones are also poor, I will not single out T616 for this weakness.It is worth noting that upcoming T630 will fix much of T616's ongoing issues: much brighter LCD, larger keys, less slipper body, and improved RF reception. The chassis is resigned a bit, which sort of resembles Apple's iPod look and feel.