I got this about 9 months ago after having two iPhones. Apple was ticking me off with their restrictive phone and I thought I would try something new. I do consider myself impartial on this even with my iPhone history as I got it completely open-minded. I would say that this phone for the most part is actually a pretty cool phone. It looks great, feels solid in your hand, has fun features and is relatively easy to use (Apple still takes the cake on usability). Some of my absolute favorite things are the Navigation tool that gives voice turn-by-turn directions and voice to text messaging. However, that does not make up for the cons, which are as follows:- HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE reception. I am lucky to make a call and not get it dropped. At home, on the highway, in a field, next to a tower...ANYWHERE. Unfortunately it was only after I bought it that a Verizon guy told me he had the exact problem with his phone. I know it was the phone and not Verizon since my room mates have the same service and have no problems at all...Verizon seems to actually have good coverage.- Very limited and unstable connectivity with Apple computers. Trying to sync is always hit-or-miss, and organizing music on the phone is a laborious and frustrating process. Considering the market share that Apple has on the smartphone market, they really should have made it more user-friendly.- Unstable - Not my biggest complaint, but apps do crash much more often than on either of my old iphones. On this note, ringtones for text messages have had a continuing problem of either not playing at all, or cutting out half way through the ring.- forced updates: the phone's firmware updates whether or not you want it to...the choice is at least available with the iPhone- Game accounts may not carry over to other portable devices. Ex: Mobage games- Voice mails have to be retrieved through third party apps. WHAT? This should have been built in. Who doesn't get voice messages?- I still can't get S-Voice to work right for me.I'm not a technie, but I am no dummie, either. I had high hopes with this phone and I can see that it had a lot of potential. Unfortunately I think they try to make too many different models and end up sending out products that have a lot of bugs in them. Honestly, bugs don't bother me as much as the horrible reception it gets. A phone is defeated in purpose if you can't make calls.