Pros:Wifi4G5 MP camera that can do 720p video recordings (although choppy)Ok price (Got it for 140 shipping+tax)Little bloatwareAndroid so there's lots of apps and a large community to help you outCons:Froyo 2.2No USA stock Gingerbread 2.3 (venezuelan available - movida)Huawei has little to no support for this device and looks to have given up on developing any software for this device.This phone comes at a decent price. I would say this is comparable to Samsung's Exhibit 4g except for the battery life and the processing speed. I'm not going to use this device for games so processing won't matter too much. The only times I notice the speed will be during boot ups and playing videos and browsing websites that are heavy in flash.The major drawback like I said before is Huawei's support for this device. It's pretty much non-existant. Forget ICS. Forget GB. That is, unless you're willing to void your warranty and "upgrade" via rooting methods.I've tested out the wifi and it's pretty good. The one draw back is that it sometimes interferes with video playback so you hear a buzzing sound (maybe it's something else, but I think it's the wifi). I haven't tested the talk and regular internet use yet but I will update soon.Update:Call quality is clear over the network. I haven't tried calling over the internet (don't intend to).Call stability seems fine. 20+ minute calls haven't dropped even at 1 or 2 bars.Reception so far hasn't been a problem even though there's high rise apartments around me, no one has said they called me and I didn't receive the call.This phone is capable of much higher over the network data rates. I have T-Mobile so their "4G" isn't that fast. At off peak hours, it's around 1.5mbps/500kbps. Around peak hours it's 500kbps/300kbps.I haven't tried doing too much else with this phone. Typing is fine, just gotta use the sides of your fingers instead of the tips. The camera is ok for today's standards. If you go to a store and want to take down a barcode or an image of an item, it works fine. I don't play games on this phone so I don't know how it handles them.---As a T-Mobile customer, I can get 6000kbps down and 1000kbps up most of the time. That's for NYC so if you live in the 5 boroughs, your speeds and experience should be similar.