I bought this as a Tracfone via Prime and it was sold and shipped from Amazon which made it $14.99 to my door.  I cannot believe this phone is priced this low because its build quality is good with nice large keys that are well lit.  The screen is clear and a good size.  It does not have a camera and I wouldn't use it for web browsing, or music.  Butthis is a great basic phone for voice calls that does the job with no fuss.  I gave it to my FIL to use when he makes short trips around town and it is perfect for that.Since this is a CDMA Tracfone phone, Amazon's description of it as GSM is wrong, it will activate on the Verizon network.  Since Verizon has great coverage were I live that is a plus.  You cannot get this phone at a store in most areas since Tracfone's predominant carriers are GSM.  If you want Verizon on a Tracfone this is your best bet.  It is not Verizon service but this company uses Verizon's network.This particular phone has "double minutes for life".  This means when you add airtime via Tracfone's aircards your purchased amount is automatically doubled.The chronology from purchase to first call.1.  Purchased via Prime and recieved in two days.2.  Opened package, set up phone and charged it.3.  Tried online activation but is was too much work since they wanted my personal information to set up an account.4.  Called the activation number and followed the simple directions.5.  I was slower than the activation system so I got punted to a real person who took all of one minute to help me finishand I was done. The activation process gave the phone 60 days of service with 10 minutes.6.  I purchased an instant activation Tracfone air card off eBay for $84 for 365 days and 450 minutes.  I loaded this on the phone following the included directions that also had a bonus coupon that added 50 minutes.  Since the phone automatically doubles the minutes my phone then had 425 days and 1,010 minutes.This was all very easy and took about 5 minutes. So for $99 (or just $7/month) I have (for my FIL) about 70 minutes a month for the next 14 months.  I have a Droid, Thrive, a laptop, and a Kindle but I find myself wanting this phone because it such a cheap and easy solution for making voice calls.UPDATE OCTOBER 2013:  No issues after a year.