With all the reviews on Amazon I have decided not to reiterate all the features the phone has because it has all been said already. What I will do is mention all the features I have used on the N86 8MP and the ones I have added. My husband has the N95 8GB and I thought it was a GREAT phone until I got the N86 8MP. I got the phone as a Christmas gift from my hubby and immediately added Melon Mobile's Advance Call manager application to my phone. My sole purpose for this symbian phone was to have the ability to CHOOSE who can call me and that is how that software came into play. For those who are looking to have a way that your phone will ring ONLY for those you allow to call you (from your contact list) the Advance Call manager application has resolved that issue for me. Also as with some cell phones you can also turn on the fix dialing feature, so if you leave your phone accidently somewhere no one can make calls on your phone. When the fixed dialing is activated on the phone, only the phone numbers on your contact list can be dialed out (including the 911 emergency numbers). Adding and removing applications from the N86 8MP is a breeze also especially if you like Themes on your phone.The camera does a fabulous job in taking pictures as well as videos. I have no complaints about that feature. When photos are taken they are saved in the GALLEY application on the phone so it is so easy to find all the photos, video clips, songs, and sound clips there.The FM radio on the phone is great to have...just plug in the ear buds and search for your local stations with out an extra charge from your service provider.I can't say anything about the texting or internet portion of the phone because they are not features I use but I have noticed a Facebook application on the phone for those who do surf the web.The audio on the phone is better than my late Samsung A777. When I receive calls I can hear the person on my N86 8MP loud and clear. The speaker phone is just as good also. I only wish they had added four speakers on the N86 8MP instead of just the two.The N868MP is a slick phone and not light weight...which is ok for me.If you are looking for a Symbian phone with a Great camera....the N86 8MP is the phone.