Ive used this E71 for three months now. Im over my initial high, so here are comments from after the honeymoon:1) keys are small; needs practice. better to type in one hand. it's like learning to use a typewriter for the first time, but youll get used to it in about three weeks of constant use. set aside the backup phone in the mean time. cant practice by instinct if you have a second phone, for that second number, with conventional keys. youll just be confused.2) leather case is badly thought of. awkward when you take the phone out. high probability to drop the phone when you pull it out in a hurry. dropped mine several times while driving... i know it's bad to do this but there you go.3) the red dot for the power button is weirdly misplaced. seems Nokia ran out of same-colored plastic while making this phone, then suddenly saw red plastic remnant from another model. weird but I LOVE IT. brings character to this model.4) there's a nifty autofocus feature. while in camera mode, press letter t. it substitutes for the half-press in digicams (why is this instruction not in the manual?)5) there's also a white balance option in the camera. amazing to have that shade option.6) signal seems to be fluctuating in this phone. I have a second phone, under the same network, which reads a stable high bar, while E71's reception is jumping from 1 bar to four wildly. (is this a hardware or software problem)7) no blackberry support. demmit, you two companies get your act together.8) great for internet browsing.9) i wish there is an indication somewhere to make sure that youre using wifi while surfing; not the expensive network.10) FANTASTIC battery juice.11) after charging from power off, do not power on immediately. seems to hang (coming from power off) that way.12) definitely reasonably priced13) when you open your appointment note and clicked again, does not automatically turn to edit note (unlike in the e51)14) should have had that separate ctrl key to have that full ctrl+v, ctrl+z, ctrl+x, full-keyboard experience.15) not much annoying lags. very responsive.16) i like very much that the screen turns off after some time to save power. just have to press middle button to see time or if there are any missed calls and messages.17) also do not turn on while charging. (coming from off). seems to hang.Great investment overall. But as you can glean, still has a big room for improvement... some of it just firmware-based perhaps.