The Samsung B2100 is a decent phone, and feels good in the hand. I found it difficult to get up and running though. For example, there was no advice on how to migrate an address book from SIM card to phone--the automaticity I was used to just wasn't there. The menus are a bit clunky to move around, but speed dial and short cuts help. The one annoying thing is that the middle selector button immediately connects you to the WAP application and there is no way I have found to change this option. Also, you need to re-configure Time/Date every time you take the battery out--more annoyance. Texting is awkward, and voice slightly muffled, due to the phone's waterporoofing. Forget about using this mobile for Internet browsing--this is NOT a multimedia phone. The flashlight and voice recorder features are very useful, but the radio and music player less so because of the poor jack cover design--see below.Pluses: a really tough phone. Hardware design wise, the only real failing is the flimsy multifunction jack cover, which swings downwards and slightly out, making it vulnerbale to a knock from your hand. The camera works okay, and it is possible to take good snaps in certain conditions. With only 1.3 megapixels picture quality is not great though. Videos also turn out rough. But the reason you buy this phone is for its ruggedness, most particularly the waterproofing. Don't expect much more from it. You can adequately call, text and take snaps in harsh and challenging environments. Therefore, the B2100 is a good choice for manual workers, travellers, fisherpeople etc. If you want multimedia, or any kind of slickness, don't buy this phone.Update: I've been using the Samsung B2100 for a while now and the thing that has come to bother me most is the terrible menu/function design. You have to take so many actions to achieve the simplest of tasks. Dreadful. On the other hand, my copy is still working and can definitely take a knock. Overall, not an everyday phone but handy for rough and tumble situations.