It's not a bad little phone at all and perfect for those looking for a good messaging phone. The phone is comfortable to hold and to pocket. It is a bit slippery and I recommend getting a gel skin or case! Call quality is good so far for me with 4-5 signal bars at 3G speed. The browser is very generic and no frills and will get you by in a pinch, the average time to load the home screen for me takes about 7 seconds. Doing a search using Google about 20-30, not bad although I would enable the smart-width view setting. The menu is a breeze to navigate around thanks to the track pad, although the track pad is a bit on the sensitive side.The phone has small amount of tones and graphics for user customization, and I found it very easy to transfer my own tones and wallpaper to a Micro SD. If the sound file is to large you won't be able to set it as a ringtone and wallpapers(jpegs) 9-120K seem to fit fine. The built in speaker is nothing to brag about but at least there's a standard 3.5mm headphone jack.The 2.0 camera/camcorder takes grainy photos but that's to be expected and one must be very still using the camcorder.The WiFi set up is fast and user friendly as well as the Bluetooth which I was able to pair with my car audio system in no time.The screen is low rez but easy on the eyes, the qwerty keyboard is responsive, yet some may find the keys to be on the small side?Now I do have a complaint and that is Porting my number was a pain between my two back pockets! I hated calling and talking with a service rep, sounded garbled and I'm not even sure what nationality they was? Very hard to understand and they had my on the phone for 40min trying to work it out.All in all I'm happy with this phone and glad I made the purchase, there are just way to many to choose from anymore!Pros: WiFi, Bluetooth, quick messaging, Voice Command, standby time, user friendly, doesn't feel or look cheap minus the back cover.Cons: No GPS, customer service, ringtone size cap, back cover is very slick.