By far the best Sony Ericsson product I've owned.  Which really doesn't say that much because the last one was an AT&T; branded z750a, which wasn't terrible.. just had that nasty "hey, I'm going to turn off now, kthxbai!" glitch.Lets star with the Pros.Big bright screen, even scratch resistant.  However I do recommend a screen protector, Expert Shield makes a good one *hint*.Solid keypad and face buttons.Clear call qualitySliding motion is slick and tight.Stereo speakersLot of pre-installed apps and themesAcellerometer, it has its uses.Walkman 3.0 player3.2mp camera. Pictures qaulity is good.Comes with everything - 2GB M2 card, USB cable, M2 to USB adapter, ear buds.  About $50+ worth of accessories, give or take.CONSOddly placed walkman button, i sometimes press it while sliding the phone downSlide feels a bit wobbly when slid out.  It's not real bad, but enough to make you be carefull with it.soft plastic.  I dropped mine a few feet when i was laying on my bed and it landed on it's charger where it plugs into the phone and put a tiny nick into the plastic, barely noticable but still there.Ear buds are kinda big and they don't fit in my ear real well, but the sound qaulity is top notch.Other NotesNot compatible with AT&T;'s 3G network, and this can be a deal breaker for some, not so much for me cause I just talk and text.  The phone will automatically turn it's mobile network type to GSM only when on an AT&T; SIM card.  So if you're worried about the 3G/HSDPA looking for a signal and killing your battery and you can't find it in the Mobile Networks menu under connectivity, no worries.. it turns itself off.  I had to figure that out with some software called "My Phone Explorer" good stuff check that out too.Face buttons take some getting used to, but once you got them down. it's a breeze.  I also thought the slide doesn't go far enough above the keypad so if you've got fat fingers and thumbs like me, it can take some getting used to.Overall, 4/5.  Great Phone and i'd pick it up again, it's very compareable to the w760 and a lot better than the w580 and w910.  This is what the w580 and w910 SHOULD have been and Sony Ericsson nailed it.  However, if you want something a little better in the walkman line you can't go wrong with the w705.