So I've had my new I730 for a month or so now, and here's the GOOD and the BAD about this phone.The Good1. Best of the Nextel phones.  A lot of Nextel's phones are clunky and have bad form factors.2. Backgrounds.  There are a number of appealing backgrounds such as a sailboat and sunflower that are quite nice.3. This phone is tough and feels well-constructed.  I feel like I could drop it on cement and nothing would happen.4. Speaker-phone.  The speaker-phone is loud and clear.  Direct Connect (Push to Talk) is great too.The Bad1. Poor user-interface.  Motorola has a long way to go before they can match up to the usability of Nokia's.  Also, the icons are small, poorly drawn, and have no labels until highlighted so you can't quickly scroll to the needed icon.  So, you waste time trying to get to what you need to use.2. Doesn't recognize shortened numbers with Caller ID.  My previous phones would recognize numbers even if they had missing area codes or, a calling card sequence before it, but this phone cannot do this.  The solution to this is to record all number combinations under the same name, but this is tedious.3. Limited ringtones.  Motorola really needed to put in some better sounding ones in their phones.  Just because you can dowload more doesn't mean that they shouldn't have done a better job of the initial ones.  They sound just plain horrible.4. Small screen.  I think I was spoiled because my previous cell phone had a large screen and clear fonts.  This Motorola has a tiny screen.  Granted, other cell phones also have small screens, but the phone doesn't make use of the full potential viewable screen space on the front part of the flip.5. Lots of interference.  When I use the phone in front of my computer.  The screen begins to get all flickery and the speakers begin to do strange drumbeat sounds.  I wouldn't be surprised if this phone has higher radiation than other phones.  My previous cell phones never did this.  As a result, I can't use my phone directly in front of my computer.Bottom line: I had to get this phone because of direct-connect, but given the choice, I would use a different phone.