I was quite skeptical of smartphones because all my friends had them and they would always end up complaining about how there isn't enough free space on their devices or that the charge constantly runs out. I felt that I was better off with my normal phone, without any apps and games (my friends and I are quite compulsive gamers, hence the massive load on their devices).But when my old phone died, I thought I might as well get a functional smartphone. The HTC One X+ immediately caught my eye. I've read many previous iPhone users' reviews on this device and they all almost conclusively say that this phone is as good as, if not better than, the iPhones. So I went ahead and purchased it.It's been only two days, but I've already had my mind blown away. I know that it's too soon to say anything, but I can definitely say that the pros significantly outweigh the cons of this device. Firstly, I'll just get the cons out of the way. The phone heats up. I played FIFA 14 for Andriod on it for almost 1.5 hours straight and it did heat up noticeably. But in the defence of the phone, it is a VERY processor heavy game. The temperature began reducing just moments after I closed the game though.Now for the pros. It is an amazingly powerful phone. I've used a brand new Samsung Galaxy Note 2, Samsung Galaxy S2, Samsung Galaxy S3, Google Nexus 4 and quite a few other smart phones (my friends') and I can easily say that none of them have been as fast and powerful in their processing capabilities as the HTC One X+. It takes a little getting used to, but the entire system setup is extremely ergonomic and user-friendly. The graphics are really nice and sharp. The HTC Sense 4.5 software is great. I've heard that some people downloaded the Swype software from the Android Play Store, but I don't understand why. The HTC Sense Input Keyboard is amazing. I loved it. Getting the phone to register on my Windows 7 laptop was a bit tricky, but when I downloaded the HTC Sync Manager, it automatically began to register on my laptop. It may have just been the umpteen tries I put into getting it to register, but either way in a matter of fifteen minutes, I had managed to get my phone connected to my laptop.So, in conclusion, I can say that I have thoroughly enjoyed my first smartphone for the first two days and I hope to do so for as long as possible. I strongly recommend the HTC One X+ to anyone who wants a good, reliable and heavy-duty smartphone with none of the frills of an iPhone or a Samsung phone. It truly is "quietly brilliant".