After my S2 died I really wanted to move to a note 2 but alas I left ATT because of the crazy monthly chargers, so I was left with a $500 price tab for a note 2. I moved to streight talk from walmart with a GSM SIM. I came across this phone did alot of reading up on it and through hey why not.Wel lets get down to the phone itself.Amazing is all I can say. I use my phone all day for work and the phone did not fail me.Super fast amazing screen, so far has ran every app I have thrown at it (just started to play simpsons tapped out and its looks great on the 5.3 inch screen.Battery life was good with my GS2 I would get home after a 10 hour work day and be on about %30 this phone has kept me going all day of hard use.all in all does perfect for me and what I use it for.Now the downside.The front camera is very very very low quilty, yes it can be used for skype and such but you will notice  how bad it looks when you use it. on the upside the back camera is very good.Sound. The speaker volume is not really up there with other phones, the ringer volume as well is pretty low. I listen to a lot of music in my car and with my music turned up you cant hear the phone ring at all (and I don't have it that high) all in all my GS2 crashed this phone in volume.Case. Don't order a note 2 Case for it it wont fit, the front camera is on the wrong side to fit a note case. also the note 2 is slightly larger, so dont buy the cool otterbox clone case that they recommend on here when you buy the phone, trust me the case is bad ass really nice but it wont fit.All in all I love this phone the fact that it comes with a second battery too is just amazing.I honestly will never buy a name brand phone again when I can pick up this damn good quality clone for a 1/3 of the price and have very little downside to it.I just got my kid the GS3 clone and my wife owns a really GS3 and honestly I like the clone better, the camera blows the real GS3 away.If you want a big phone that's going to run all your apps then buy this.P.S also I have read alot of people ask about how easy is it to set up and so on, no different from my S2 or my Wifes GS3. same droid setup. and yes straight talk worked perfectly on it slid in the sim and your done apart from setting the apn settings (which you have to do with every phone with ST) there was nothing else to set up just add your Google account and your off.