After carefully reading reviews on similar unlocked phones like the Cookie and even higher end Nokia models like the N97, I ultimately decided to go with the 5530 Xpressmusic. I was definitely in need of a new phone as I had basically a dinosaur for a cell phone. I wanted a few things from my new phone which were:1. a modern, sleek touchscreen design2. an unlocked phone compatible with my SIM3. a phone that works when it should and is easy to learn to useThe Nokia 5530 xpressmusic was all of this and so much more. I find it to be very functional - I have not had a dropped call or any problems with the interface itself. The touchscreen is very easy and fun to use. Once you get used to it, you will be able to navigate the phone very easily. I find the screen to be very responsive, although sometimes I do like to use the stylus. However, I must say it is important to follow the user guide - I have done that and the phone has been so much fun! It does not have GPS or 3G compatibility - however, I was not looking for these things. I can live with 2G and actually a recent firmware update has made the phone run even faster, even online. It comes with a 4GB memory card which can be upgraded to 16GB - so plenty of room to store things. The absolute best part of this phone, as the name suggests, is the music player. The quality of the sound is absolutely incredible and the phone was designed for music lovers in mind. In fact, one of pre-loaded videos even refers to the device as a "music player that is also a phone!". Music on this phone sounds better than many higher end models that my friends have. They are quite jealous! A set of headphones also come with the phone that I have found to be of average/slightly above average quality. The camera and video are also pretty impressive, not amazing, but still pretty good quality for this phone.The only reason I knocked a star off is the battery. Battery life seems to get depleted quickly , sometimes way too quickly, so the phone must be charged each night or you risk having a dead battery by noon the next day. I have tried all of the optimization tricks to get more life out of the battery and still it is rather short.So if you are looking for an affordable alternative touchscreen phone with some interesting features and easy interface, this phone has been a joy and is the way to go. An iphone killer? I wouldn't go that far at all, but with many similar features and similar touchscreen feel, it is a great choice for anyone who doesn't want to pay $400 for a phone.