now even my friend are envious of me having this gadget.  initial quality is excellent.  to be honest, i really didnt expect this product to be this good, since its a generic brand, but it turned out really good, its fast, responsive, screen display is very good, back camera is excellent with 8 megapixel (but the front camera is disappointing).  G3 works OK w/ good speed, WIFI and Bluetooth connection are both good, light sensor, GPS, proximity sensor and G sensor all working good.  For the price i m paying, its totally worth it, ringer is loud if you wanted it to be.  the screen dosent die as other claimed it will , it was just a wrong proximity sensor calibration, there is nothing wrong w the product plus its an easy fix, the phone is not defective at all.  one thing that annoys me is it dosent  come with any good documentation or manual for the explanation on its features and functions, like what are the actual sensors installed in the phone, sensor calibration etc.  i have try to checked on  the available sensors and some of them are either not present or dont work well, like the internal compass, so i wasnt able to use it as a navigation device. also i dont think this phone is compatible with retrofitting a wireless battery charger like other late model branded smart phones. correct me if i m wrong.This phone's Antutu score was only at 8400,  the 2D and  3D rendering suck on this phone, so games dont play well on this,Taking and watching HD videos and photos is acceptable though.  all these shortcomings are so, because the phone is only a dualcore cpu phone w/ QHD display screen. for a better gaming phone, one has to look at a quadcore, with full HD display, then the games should play really well. i think i would have bought the quadcore w/ full HD display phone. but its also 50 bucks more expensive than this model at close to $180.  for what i do ( basic communication, text msg, net surfing, social networking, watching and taking HD videos and photos and a very occasional gamer) i think this phone's capability is adequate for me, and i am totally satisfied with this phone. Its an amazing phone at its price.