First, this may be too much phone for some people.  If you know that this is what you want, then read on.This phone is amazing.  I can use Skype via wi-fi connection, print to my bluetooth printer, transfer files between my many computers, Micro SD expandable, and a host of other features.  I go all around the world, and since this phone is Quad-Band GSM, as well as WCDMA, everywhere is covered.  I live in Japan, and I can use this thing anywhere!  If I weren't a gamer and movie buff, this would almost totally eliminate my need for a laptop on my ventures!The cons are not deal breakers, but there are some things that should be pointed out.  Sometimes it freezes, and you have to do a soft reset.  This is a mini-computer of sorts, so there is a lengthy boot up time.  Also, the Touch-Flo 3d interface, while pretty and shiny, and somewhat usefull, is sluggish.  If you like phones to where you can dial or flip through contacts or call history and make a call in a flash, sorry 'bout your luck.  Calls don't happen that fast.  Keep in mind this is an amazing piece of tech, that also happens to be a phone.  The sluggish interface, and slow call times are the only cons I have.Other great points, you can edit MP3s on the device to make ringtones.  you can speed up the TF3D with custom roms.  I have yet to do so.  If you love windows mobile, you can turn off TF3D and just use your customised Today Screen for WinMo.And finally, the flip out qwerty board is the best i've ever used.  the buttons are slightly raised, and they have a nice "clicky" feel when pressed.  I've had this for almost a month, and I'm typing novels to my wife in less than a minute.  She's still on a regular cell with no qwerty, and she's like, "can you not just type me smaller messages!?"  To which I reply, "now that I have this shiny new phone, I need to tell you all about my day!"I digress...  If you know exactly what you're looking for, and this tech masterpiece fits your needs, then it will blow you away.