Loving the Samsung Focus S! I'd been wanting to get into the WinPhone eco-system, but was waiting for the second gen hardware and the Focus S was top of the heap with its super amoled plus screen, Nokia's US launch lagging, and the Titan too big for us.  My wife and I picked them up for a cent each during Thanksgiving with Amazon/AT&T;'s deal but I would have paid full price were we out of that promotion.  We are coming all the way from Sprint and a HTC Touch Diamond, that's WinMo 6.0. Laugh. Had them for about a week+ now.First off the Windows Phone OS (Mango) is as smooth and slick as advertised; having used Win7 Media Center and Zune it was an easy transition and so much more logically laid out for task oriented 'computing' than dropping in and out of non-related apps.  I retired my trusty Zune and play 13GB of music on the phone during my commutes.  We use the seamless texting between Facebook and Live Messenger utilizing the voice to text to voice capabilities and for the majority of the time gets the dictation correct.  I like the linked emails so they can all be culled together and viewed quickly at one time.I love the screen, it's just gorgeous, the black levels and color saturation really pop.  Since I dock/charge nightly I just run it at full brightness w/ no auto-dimming.  Still ramping up on games and social media aspect of it but so far it's been wonderful.  The 4.3" and thin form factor is about as big as I personally would go on a phone, it fits our hands well and allows for less cramped typing.  As others have said, it is very light, you don't notice it in your front pocket.  I enjoy the smooth navigation throughout the UI, flicking, sliding pinching is a far cry from using the stylus to do that in the old WinMo phones.Only a few niggles, 1. When connected via mini-stereo out to my car audio I hear a 'snap snap' between each song as it's playing in Music + Pictures. 2. Storage, 16GB is ok but I took a big hit pruning down from my 120GB Zune. 3. Wish there was a setting to keep the phone from locking when I'm driving and playing music on it (5 minute max time out currently).Overall we're very very happy w/ the phones and would heartily recommend them!