Purchased from TRD-Trading GmbH through Amazon - both AAAAA+++++++++Battery-1st off I disagree with some of the other reviews that the battery life is simular to other Android phones. It's not. The battery life on the Note is 3 times better ! This is the 1st device that I have been able to leave the " Internet Hotspot " feature on all day and at the same time talking, pushing email, and sending receiving texts for 12 hours straight with 40% battery to spare. I cannot seem to run out the battery on this Note in a day no matter how much I use it !!Display-As I former iPhone 4s user I was a little worried about outdoor display readability. The iPhone 4s was great for outdoors so I was not willing to compromise up grading to the Note. No disappointment here. The funny thing about the Note's display is it seems to actually get brighter the longer it is exposed to direct sunlight. If you work out doors as I do this Note is perfect.Radio reception/ call quality-Excellent on both.S-pen-Smooth as silk. It's like writing with the perfect pen that you just cannot ever seem to find at the office supply store regardless how much $ you spend. ONE GRIPE THOUGH, IT IS WAY TO EASY TO ACCIDENTLY TOUCH THE NEXT PAGE/ SAVE BUTTON WHILE HANDWRITING A NOTE. SAMSUNG, THIS NEEDS TO BE DEACTIVATED WHILE WRITING!!!!!Speed-No hic ups, no lag, just smooth and fast app switching and loading.Speaker-This is the one area where it does not keep up with the iPhone 4s. The speaker is plenty adequate, but not as loud as it should be for a phone of this power and size.Build-Solid as a rock.Size-This is what had me on the fence for a little while. Takes a couple days to get used to it. Once you have you will not be happy with the smaller display device any longer. Now that I have been using the Note for a month I decided to pick up a iPhone and a Galaxy Nexus just to see what I used to be used to. No dice, I'm telling you once you get used to the display, larger keyboard layout, and performance of the Note there is no going back!!Samsung Hit the ball out of the park with this one.Just wanted to share some APN setting in case current Note owners are having issues with MMS on AT&T-;Name-  AT&T;APN-  wap.cingularProxy-  (not set)Port-  (not set)Username-  [...]Password-  CINGULAR1Server-  (notset)MMSC-  [...]MMS proxy-  [...]MMS port-  80MCC-  310MNC-  410Authentication type-  NoneAPN type-  internet + mmsGo get yourself a Note. you won't reget it.