Hardware Superior, OS Takes Some Time to Get Used to.PROS:Let me start off with what the most important in a phone, the call and voice quality.  I live in the NYC area and the reception with this phone is superior.  I have had BB, Motorola, HTC(winmo), and LG phones all within the past 3 years, and believe me it makes a difference to have a Nokia.  The radios and data services speeds are unparalleled to any other 3G phone I've had.  It also works well in rural areas of NY, PA, and NJ and has become my link to the office when traveling.Outside of that, this phone does everything!  It even has barcode scanning software on it.  The default email software is poor, but Nokia mail or Seven (which is what I use now) give me faster then BB service. Contact sync with google is like having BES, and the media playback and browser are fantastic.Build quality is very high.  The phone is extremely slim and a bit heavy, but not so much where it is a bother. Battery lasts well over 2 days with normal use.  Heavy use and your going to need a spare if you don't bring a charger.  Not a big deal as you can pick up those and other accessories for cheap off ebay.Some other great features built in or via 3rd party:  Lower Monthly AT&T; Data Rates (15/mo vs 30)  Loud Ringer and Speaker Phone  Last.fm & FM radio /w RDS player  WiFi AP mode so I can connect my ipod or Notebook (joiku)  GPS Software and Mapping Quick lock through a-GPS  WiFi Connectivity  VoIP (I use this with my Co PBX)  Flash video compliant  Video Conferencing Front side camera.  Tons of 3rd party games and appsCons:Negatives are minimal and most can be overcome as well.  The OS is a bit tricky at first (I was too programed to using a BB).  Once you become familiar with it you'll like it better.  The 2.5mm headset jack is a bit of a pain and the headset that comes with the phone is awkward as one headphone wire is shorter in wire then the other. The D pad is a bit close to the quick buttons and can make it hard to navigate with gloves. The charger port is a pain.  I don't know why they didn't use the microUSB port to charge as well.  This was an oversight in my opinion.At the price of 280 or less you will not be disappointed.