Is a product like this needed? Yes. We do need items (like a cell phone) with simple, easy-to-use and easy-to-see functions. For that reason, the Jitterbug gets a star from me. But this product loses 4 stars because of the scam that is GreatCall (the only communications supplier for this phone). What happens when you no longer require the services of your activated Jitterbug phone? What if you want to wipe clean the memory and donate it? How do you do that?The answer is that you can NOT wipe your information off of this phone. Buyers (and sellers) of these phones: beware. According to the two reps I talked to at GreatCall, once your information is on this phone it is there permanently.When I no longer needed to have this phone for my father, I decided I would donate it to either soldiers overseas or to the local Council on Aging. I called GreatCall to deactivate the phone. First I was asked why I wanted to deactivate it and then I was grilled on what could have possibly been wrong with the service that I no longer wanted it. Then the representative tried to get me to keep the phone for a lower rate (and fewer minutes). After finally convincing the rep that I simply did not want the phone service, she tried to sell me other products that would "keep my father safe" (I didn't want to say that he had died; my reasons for discontinuing the service was none of her business). I waited until I received my final bill to make sure the service was indeed deactivated. Then I removed phone numbers from the phone book, but I could not figure out how to erase the incoming or outgoing mailboxes. Nor could I find a chip to remove. I spent two hours searching the web and reading the four booklets that came with the Jitterbug (Customer Agreement, Quick-Start Guide, Activation Guide, and How-To Guide: a total of 249 booklet pages) before I finally called GreatCall again. The rep at GreatCall claimed that the phone log and the phone number assigned to this phone could not be removed. I repeated to her that I wanted to donate the phone (in case she did not understand what I wanted), and she repeated that there was no way that the phone number nor the incoming/outgoing phone numbers could be erased.So I found myself stuck with a usable (and barely used) device that cannot be reused without compromising the phone numbers of family and friends. I hope some other electronics company designs a cell phone that's easy to use and easy to re-use.In the meanwhile, my significant other is in the backyard with a sledgehammer and a Jitterbug having the time of his life.