Being an American, I was disappointed to see the changes that ATT made to this phone on the US model. Sure, I would have preferred LTE, but I wasn't willing to give up Samsungs Exynos for the lame Snapdragon processer. I began shopping online for the international unlocked model and came across this offering from amazon. After much debate, I decided to give this unlocked phone a shot and ordered it with overnight shipping. Being a very hesitant iPhone 4S, I can give all of you fellow iPhone users great advice if you're considering this device. I don't consider myself a apple or android fanboy because I love both platforms.So I took the plunge and have had the phone for three days now. While unboxing the phone, I found myself feeling an old feeling come rushing back.  It reminded me of the excitement of getting my first iPhone.  I pulled it out of the box and for the first time, truly appreciated the huge 5.3 inch hd screen. I rushed to the AT&T; store and was given a new sim card (with great customer service) and off I went. I quickly ran into some problems with the APN settings though which caused some problems surfing the web. After about an hour of searching, I finally found the correct apn settings that worked with my device. All problems fixed, off I went exploring a whole new world of android. I found all of the same apps I was used to with iOS and some new ones that made android feel great. I have no complaints so far and am truly enjoying the device.I wanted to address a couple of key points with this phone that I feel are pertinent.1) I am experiencing better battery life with the Note than I was with my iPhone 4S. I never thought I would see the day that android matched iOS in this department.2) The S pen (stylus) is neat. I won't be using it much, but it is a worthy idea.3) I truly recommend this phone over the AT&T; version. I feel that they crippled this phone to make it compatible with AT&T;'s LTE network.I'll still keep my iPhone 4S as a just in case device, but I don't see going back to Apple any time soon (iPhone 5 maybe).If you need any APN settings help, feel free to contact me via the reviewer contact link.