I bought three of the Samsung Galaxy S 3 Smartphones (Marble White), from T-Mobile, in April, 2013. I already was an existing T-Mobile customer, and hence, the Smartphones represented an upgrade. Unfortunately, as recently as this past April, we were charged $579.00/per phone. The price has dropped considerably since that time (by over $200.00), since the Samsung Galaxy S4 came onto the market, shortly thereafter. However, to its credit, T-Mobile let us finance the purchase of those Smartphones, in interest free increments, over the next twenty four months. Regarding the Galaxy S3, it is essentially a mini-computer. I've been operating computers since the late 1980's; however, the operation of the Galaxy S3 was very challenging. It would not have been as difficult had we been provided with better technical support from Samsung. Samsung was very anxious for us to register our product, online. However, once you are registered, that is where their "support" ends. Essentially, if I had a question with the Galaxy S-3, Samsung either told me to contact T-Mobile, or it didn't respond at all. For example, I asked Samsung to send me an instructional manual for the S-3. They stated that they would "have to special order one, and that it would take 6-8 weeks". Several months went by, and I finally called Samsung back. They told me that no manual would be forthcoming, as they didn't provide one to T-Mobile customers! To its credit, T-Mobile's technical support staff was very patient in explaining the various components of the S-3. However, I had to buy two instructional manuals, which I found in a bookstore, to learn about that product. Even those manuals didn't include everything, so I had to go on the Internet to learn the different functions. Essentially, it took months to learn to use most of the systems. My biggest complaint with the Galaxy S-3, is that the keyboard is very small, and hence, it is very difficult to type information onto the screen. Also, at times, the information on the screen is too small, and it rotates unexpectedly from vertical to horizontal. There is a very good feature of the Galaxy S-3, which I'd like to expound upon. Namely, there is a call reject feature, which will prevent telemarketers, and bill collectors from bothering you. Many times, collection agencies have the wrong cell number, and they will continuously hound you, even when they are apprised that they have called the wrong number. We also like the still camera, and the video camera on the Galaxy S-3, as well as the digital tape recorder. Last, the quality of the voice on the Android system is far superior, to our prior experience, with a non-Android cell phone. All in all, I'm going to rate the Galaxy S-3 fours stars out of five.