I read all the reviews before buying this phone and I had a phone with similar features before that I really loved so I thought I could handle the small keys and whatnot just fine.  So I took a chance and bought the phone but have had  a very frustrating experience with it.  The biggest concern is that if the phone is in your pocket or purse and getting bumped as your moving around the 0 gets bumped and if it gets bumped 3 times EVEN WHILE ITS "LOCKED" it calls 911 Emergency.  That happened to me less than 24 hours after activating the phone.  I looked it up online and sure enough there are lots and lots of people experiencing the same thing, some are even getting fines for calling 911 falsely too many times.  So I don't like that at all, not only is it a problem for me but I could be jamming the phone lines for those who actually need to call 911.  I've exhausted both going through the phone to try and turn off this feature or somehow disable it, I've called Samsung and Tracfone and nobody has been able to help.  The battery is also incredibly weak..about 6 hours...probably because its getting bumped around in my purse and thinking that its on when it shouldn't be.  You can only see one text at a time and it does put periods in your text all the time no matter how careful you try to be to push the spacebar just right.  So its just not worth it, I bought another Tracfone and I'm trying to get everything transferred but now Tracfone is giving me trouble on transferring all of my minutes even though they promised if I just bought a new phone they would credit me all of my remaining minutes.  Currently I have to somehow come up with another phone line to even call them from to resolve the current issue with my minutes.  Everytime I call Im talking to someone who really struggles with English and its just been incredibly frustrating trying to be understood.  I also emailed them describing my problem 3 days ago and they have yet to respond.  I'm wishing I would have gone with another prepaid company.  This has been a bad headache and the worst experience I've ever had trying to get a mobile phone going...with both the phone itself and the customer service from Tracfone.