I received the phone in about 2 days.  It looks new and in good shape.  It came with a charger (unfortunately it's a proprietary USB port, or so it appears), and a battery.  The battery was dead on arrival and I am charging it right now.  It's been charging for half an hour and still the battery is dead, so I will wait a few hours and see what happens.  Any other phone I have received had a fully charged batter, so this was disappointing.  The screen on the front is very small, and not real useful except to see who a message came from, to view the time, and to see contact list when you are calling out.  I can't test the push-to-talk because I don't have the service and no one to test it with.  The keyboard is very nice, and the reason that I bought this phone.  The inside screen is plenty big and looks good.  The phone comes with very useful apps like the VZ Navigator, which is free with a data plan (no the phone does not require a data plan, but after you activate it you have to call Verizon and ask them to block data and take the plan off your bill).The battery cover is very flimsy and I cracked it trying to pry it open to put in the battery.  It didn't crack at the sealed area, so no harm done to the watertight seal.  The directions on the web site says to unlock the back cover, then place your finger in the recessed area on the upper left edge of the cover.  There is no recessed area on the upper left or any other edge except some too small for a finger or finger nail.  I had to use a very small flat head screwdriver and it also damaged the cover because the material is a soft cheap plastic.  They claim that this phone can take a beating, but I don't see the back cover or the front screen glass surviving much of a beating at all.I tested the voice out by calling my skype number and leaving a voice message.  It sounded clear but very mono (as do most phones).  The ring tone has always been very choppy with verizon which always makes me nervous about the talk and listen quality of any phone, but the ear speaker was very clear on this one.I will update this review about the battery later once it is charged, but so far I like the phone a lot! [Battery Update]:  Battery gooood!  Took only about 2 hours or so to charge.  Full use so far for about 2 hours without a drop in battery bars.  I love this phone.