OEM SUCKs and their PRODUCT SUCKS! Blackberry 9530 Storm Unlocked For Any GSM Carrier Worldwide! if you don't want your money stollen from you as i am losing $156.75 within six months, then never deal with the OEM shop through Amazon, the biggest regret of my life was to buy BLACKBERRY 9530 STORM UNLOCKED FOR  ANY GSM CARRIER WORLDWIDE, this product is not true, it is fake. I bought this item to use oversea in May, 2011, i travelled out and the product never worked, it goes off and your call drops immediately you pick it up, you can't hear anyone talking to you on it. I had to buy a new phone over there to use and on returning i tried to contact Amazon for the faulty product sold through their site and i was told to contact the seller, and the seller OEM blatantly refused to help me, claiming it has passed the time of return and for me, that is a bad customer service.In fact, OEM customer service is zero. Again, i was asked by Amazon to contact the manufacturer since the product is still within the one year warranty and the manufacturer asked that, the seller contact them directly  but the seller has refused to contact the manufacturer, i have written over five emails to OEM and they are insisting on not assisting me, and the question is, if they are genuine and they actually got the product from the manufacturer, why did they refused to contact them and for me that shows, OEM is stealing here so be beware of doing any business with them and the worst is that, OEM claimed the product has no WARRANTY, not in my widest dream, have i seen any electronic without a warranty and my greatest disappointment is the fact that, it is written on their product information that the item has a one year warranty. Please never buy this product and any OEM products if you don't want to be treated like me, right now, the phone doesn't even come on at all, it dose't pick up any signal,  and this is how it has been since i got it. Don't be deceived by OEM because they are not genuine. I know there is no one in the OEM store who will be happy to throw away $156.75 in six months in this bad economy and they sit there in their store telling me trash about their faulty and spilt product without thinking of helping me in any way. I tell you OEM, you will regret your action in the near future.