I got this smartphone in color black from somewhere else as a bundle with the bluetooth headset when it first came out.AestheticsPersonally, I prefer the black tone color of the body then the red/blue. It makes it look professional and less of a "candy bar." The whole exterior casing of the phone is soft and siliconed, unlike Nokia's E71's metal casing. In terms of thickness, sure, the E63 model is slightly thicker than E71.FeaturesThis phone lacks an internal GPS, has a 3.5mm stereo headphone jack, has an ambient light sensor (turns on keyboard light when lighting is dim/dark), has a voice recorder, calendar, Wi-fi capable, and lacks a volume rocker control on the side. It would have been great if you can control the volume without entering through the menu on the phone.FunctionalityLike all smartphones, it has a full QWERTY keyboard and the keys feel just right when pressed (keys are raised with hard texture), although the space bar is quite small. What's so great about this E series is that it is cheaper than the E71 and offers similar functionality (sans the GPS) of the E71.Currently, the purchase of this phone includes Nokia Mail (a free service), which is similar to Blackberry Mail where mail is pushed directly to the phone within minutes of receiving new mail). Setup for mail works flawlessly with Gmail and other 3rd party IMAP accounts. However, the phone came with the old version of Nokia Mail (doesn't download whole email messages automatically; only fetches mail headers), so you will need to manually download the new version of Nokia Mail in the OVI store.ApplicationsThe Novia OVI store is accessible for this phone and you can download free apps and purchase premium apps conveniently on your phone. You can also download OVI free maps for this phone even though it lacks a GPS. Just make sure to upgrade to the latest phone's firmware via Nokia OVI suite for PC on your computer. Some must-have apps include Google Mobile, Google Maps, and Opera Mini internet browser.CompatibilityThis phone works on AT&T;'s 3G network and T-Mobile's EDGE network only. Just to clarify for newcomers, this phone will not work on Verizon and Sprint networks.AccessoriesTwo things that didn't come included were a micro sdhc memory card and a microusb connecting cable, the cable which can be easily purchased for about $5. (I would have given 5 stars if it came with the cable at least).Overall, this Nokia smartphone is economically priced for a smartphone that offers a bunch of features.