WAIT for the BOLD 3 or better yet... try DROID.Pros:Good Size.BB Desktop Manager Plays very well with Outlook.Great Screen.Some applications are available for download.Fast processor.Email Integration.Messaging App.Cons:Build Quality: Trackpad is VERY soft and gets very scratched up very easily (when the rest of the materials around it do not) and visible (and annoying) signs of wear and tear after 2 months (seriously... I bought this the day it came out on AT&T;). The plastic used to build the battery door is too soft. After one month of use the fit in the door has become compromised. It doesn't fall off or anything, but there is a noticeable lag in the fit of the battery door. After it snaps into place it still "wiggles" a good bit back and forth. Yes, it doesn't impair the functionality of the phone, but I am annoyed that I paid so much for inferior quality materials.Personally, I think this keyboard is TERRIBLE. The keys are too cramped. I hate how num lock and caps lock requires two buttons to activate. I prefer the simple "keep this button pressed longer to activate caps lock" approach.Documentation: BB SUCKS at documentation. The learning curve for getting the most out of your BB is difficult indeed and they have no logical order or meaningful narrative for you to use to get your head around this thing. This thing could be almost as useful as the iPhone if only I had 240 hours to spare to get used to all of the poor interfaces.Poor Organization: Some apps go to apps folder. Some apps go to apps folder. WTF??? What is the difference? Why put this level of abstraction in front of the user?Can't delete third party apps: why can't I delete facebook? Who the h*ll are they? This is my phone??!!Lack Of User Customization : The keyboard has backlighting that you cannot control as much as you would like. For example: BB measures the ambient light and decides if the backlight should be turned off or on. You cannot control the threshold at which this takes place (without a third party app that you have to pay for). If you are sitting in a conference wathcing a pitch and the lights are turned down you will experience my frustration. Again... WTF??? Why can't I just turn this switch off???Lack Of A Simple (and effective) Keyboard Lock Protocol.It bothers me. I turn this off and it's difficult to keep it turned off. Any slight pressure on the end/power key turns it right back on. WTF!!! This is the only phone that has a problem staying turned off!This phone is the reason I'm going to give windows mobile one more chance... or maybe even the iPhone.Summary: There are some good ideas in here but inferior materials and a disjointed GUI will leave you feeling "taken advantage of." Once it's free (with subsidy) it would be worth a shot... maybe. Till then, best avoid this one.