I was griping about my old handy for almost 3 years, and all of a sudden my wife hands me a brand new Galaxy Note on Valentines Day; WOW! Of course I accepted, because I never would have purchased it for myself...The not-so-good:1. Stylus acted up and would select letters from onscreen keyboard 2-3 times when the stylus got colse to the letter; made typing with the stylus not worth the time.2. Gratis GPS app does NOT work unless you connect through wi-fi; you may purchase a GPS app that will work without wi-fi (but this should not be necessary).3. Also need wi-fi enabled for google maps to work.4. Cases, and be VERY careful with them... Whatever case you purchase should not press hard onto any part of the phone; SERIOUSLY take that into consideration...5. Phone does get darn warm.6. Disagree if you must, but the sound is not good at all in my opinion, have to line up the speaker right at the ear opening to hear conversations; conversations are clear but just too low volume.7. Most talk time you will get is about 6 hours, but standby time is a good 2-3 days.8. Wife keeps running down the batteries playing some crayola game; I have ordered a spare battery and charger-stand.9. Have to remove the back cover to access the SD slot.Now the good:1. The store where I purchased replaced the phone for me at no extra charge, and the stylus on this one works great!2. Got to LUV the stylus, certainly do!3. Using a Bluetooth is better than holding the phone up to your ear.4. Great camera.5. The screen is fantastic.6. Like the size, better to hold than smaller devices (I have long fingers).7. The aps work good enough; not going to type any documents but good enough for reviewing and commenting/notations on documents.8. Fits snug in a holster-case with belt clip (rather than those flip cases whichreally get in the way).Bottom line:Do any of us really need to spend $700 for a smart phone? Absolutely NOT, however mine was a gift so I at least I have an excuse...I think the galaxy note is a good choice, and I would not trade it for any other phone, that's for sure.Looking forward to see what the android update brings this month or next.