I've had this phone for a week now and it does everything I need it to do.Quick rundown:Display is fantastic. Sharp, strong colors, and easy to see, even in strong sunlight.Battery life is ridiculously long... Seriously this phone doesn't quit. I can do a whole day of heavy browsing, emailing, texting, and voice on this thing and the battery is still at 75%.  I plug it into the charger when I get home and within an hour its fully charged again.Great keypad.. perfect for typing out long emails without worrying about typos and the damn thing just feels right when you are typing.Strong, clear voice communication.  Very often overlooked in phones these days.Fits well in your hand.Powerful operating system.  If you are the kind of person who can figure out intuitively how different gadgets, computers, programs work.. then you'll love this phone and be an extremely satisfied power user within a few days.  If you are less gadgety, then this phone will be annoying for you to figure out, and you should get something more user friendly... like an iPhone or a Blackberry.That being said, the unlocked nature of this phone is a big plus.  There are tons of free apps for Symbian on the net that you can easily install, along with lots of free themes, ringtones, etc.Now about style:These days, phones are alot like watches, shoes, etc... Your phone can say alot about you to someone else. Right or wrong, people can stereotype others based on their phones:iPhones are associated with fun, trendy, and $$ people, and more recently with fad based conspicuous consumption.Blackberry's are associated with boring corporate types.Rubberized clamshells are associated with construction workers...This phone isn't well known enough to say anything other than "classy" thanks to the understated, but elegant look.  The qwerty pad implies that you've got a real job, but the styling indicates you have a fun side too.  Its a great looking phone and you can expect to get random compliments and questions about it from people when they see it.