I chose this phone a few months ago because there was a special promotion ($100 credit)to transfer from an existing competing cell phone carrier; plus I really wanted a better phone, what I had before was pretty basic (samsung galaxy prevail). I loved it, except that after one month, the phone died. So I was offered a "refurbished" phone as the replacement, which I did not find fair (this is apparently standard practice), except the manager (was the 5th person in contact) was apologetic and gave me a few more incentives.Aside from this experience, I will give more details about the second phone. It is 3G/4G, which means, if it is available in your area, wherever you are at the moment, you will get 4G service. You can tell by the icon at the top of the cell display. I was able to get my personal e-mail activated pretty quickly. I'm not an expert in electronics, like my husband (who has way more reviews BTW), but this was easy enough to do (I was walked through with my IT guy at work, with my previous cell phone, prevail). Google and all my contacts were pretty easy to transfer, too. The Apps are very easy to download and use; many are free, as well.  My favorite Apps are: facebook, ebay, & yelp. I love the camera, and it takes pretty good pics if your subjects are still. The video capability is pretty good too. The gallery is pretty easy to navigate too. I had to play with my phone to familiarize myself after reading the basic guide book (very basic BTW). Once you are familiar, it is pretty easy to navigate as a user. Also, I've dropped my cell many times, but it has held up pretty well. (I had a blackberry some years ago, and the ball kept breaking.) Few issues with dropped calls (service with carrier is pretty good).Here are the down sides: (1) Cell Battery is VERY low- I have to recharge my phone twice a day. I looked it up, and apparently, many other users have this same problem; maybe too many apps are in use, I don't know. This is at times frustrating.(2) The touch screen is a bit touchy; you can easily swipe the wrong thing. (3) Sometimes my cell phone flashes (ie. goes from something to another without me touching or swiping it) from time to time. Though the 1st cell did that more frequently, before it died.So, in summary, many Pros, rather than Cons. I really like this phone. I do want to get the S4 but $600 is really out of my budget right now.