Everyone in my family now owns a Treo, and each one of us has only good things to say about it.  The phone gets excellent reception; whereas I've heard many people in my town complain about getting poor service on their cell phones, I have never been unable to place a call on my Treo or been cut off during the middle of a conversation.  Those unfamiliar with the Palm OS will find it wonderfully easy to navigate and to configure.  Furthermore, there is a vast and diverse array of progams one can download for the Palm OS, ranging from games, e-texts and MP3 player software to business applications, medical references and legal dictionaries.  I originally had some qualms about the fact that the Treo had a keyboard instead of the graffiti system to which I was accustomed, but I've come to prefer the keyboard.  I can write with the Treo keyboard much more quickly and conveniently than I could write with the graffiti system on other Palm Pilots.  That being said, those who prefer graffiti to the keyboard can always download programs that enable one to write with graffiti directly onto the screen.  Also, I've found the Palm Portable Keyboard (sold separately) to be very helpful and easy to use when I need to write more than a few lines, and I would recommend purchasing that item as well.  My heart goes out to other reviewers who have found their Treos to be fragile, but I cannot claim to have had the same experience.  My Treo has gone everywhere with me during the past year and has hardily withstood much wear and tear during that time.  I've dropped it a few times without any consequences.  Furthermore the screen is as bright and easy to see now as it was when I first got it.  The camera part of the phone is admittedly lacking in quality.  On the rare occasion when I need to use my Treo to take a picture of something, I make sure to take several different pictures on the theory that at least one will turn out as a passable representation of what I was trying to photograph.  But the Treo's advantages as a phone, a Web browser, a word processor and a PDA far outweigh any inadequacies the camera presents.  In summary, my Treo is easily one of the best electronic items I've ever owned, and I would highly reccomend it over any other phone and any other PDA.