I desperately wanted to leave Verizon because I felt for the $, they are a rip off. I wanted to switch to a basic prepaid plan which I felt would be far more economical. Virgin Mobile has what I was looking for w/the 1500 minutes and 1500 texts plan for $32.67 (incl tax). Service is good for the most part, but always advisable to check with people who already have Sprint in your area to make sure. I find when the VM map says "good", it could be marginal.This Samsung M575 phone is truly one of the best of the basic phones I found from all the cell phone companies combined. They're all pushing smart phones which I just don't need. I've had the M575 for a month and it has taken some getting used to. It feels stout and durable though, not a cheap feel, esp with a thin case. My voice sounds just a bit tinnier to others, but from my end, I hear everyone well, esp on speaker which works great. Screen is a nice size for this type of phone. Once I got used to where and what the keys do, even highlighting some with a red marker to remind myself, texting has been fine. The text type is small though, and for the visually impaired that could be a problem. The keys are also a bit flat and take more finger pressure than nail pressure at times. Shortcuts are good once I figured out where they are. My biggest complaint is when I get a new text message, I can't scroll back to previous texts from that sender. I have to get out of that text and go to "messaging" to see what the past texts said. Battery life seems adequate, though once the phone hits 2 bars, it goes down fast. Recharging seems quick enough. I like the selection of ringtones. Camera is ok, but no zooming in. Don't buy this phone for the camera.If you want a basic phone that works reasonably well on a prepaid plan and is affordable, then I recommend going with this phone and VM. I'll save $25 a month having switched from Verizon, and I get triple the minutes and texts. That to me is well worth going with this phone and VM!