I guess I just wasn't meant to have this phone...  I originally purchased it from cells[...]It's a neat phone, especially the video functionality that lets you pick different color filters, even a negative filter.I chose the unlocked version thinking I'll have more versatility for travel.  However, this means that you have to call T-Mobile to download t-zones so you can send and receive picture and video messaging.  It also means, most annoyingly, that you won't get the usual icon to let you know you get voicemail - instead empty text messages _@ lets you know someone left you a message and delta@ lets you know you've checked your voicemail.Unlike the phone from cellswholesale, amazon did send me a new phone, with the tamper sticker on the box and the protective plastic on the phone.  Whereas cellswholesale's phone was for the Chinese market with a Chinese adaptor, amazon's was for Hungaria and Romania, so there was no English handbook.  I went online to motorola's website and made the mistake of downloading the upgrade software for the phone hoping the voicemail notification would work.  (It didn't work - it only erased a lot of the extras for the European market).  Extras also included the PhoneTools 4.0 software with USB connector, which I unknowingly purchased separately.It's still a neat phone - but the reception is HORRIBLE.  Everyone I speak to sounds like they're congested with a really horrible flu and I miss out on over half the conversation.  I'm with T-mobile in Northern Jersey and this reception is way worse than for the Nokia phone I had for over 3 years.  Also small things I preferred about my Nokia phone was how it placed an icon on the screen to let you know you set the alarm and also Nokia let you know how much time was left before the alarm time.  And yes, you need tweezers to remove the SIM card from the Rizr.  You can set an analog watch on the lower right, but it's hard to read.It's too bad I'm returning the phone to amazon.  I love the way it feels - solid and compact and its smart multimedia features.  It also has an easy-to-use voicedial program.  If it wasn't for the terrible reception, I would keep it, but then again, what's a phone for?