This review is not intended to review the phone listed here specifically but is rather focusing on the service that accompanies this phone.  Since the phone and service are both necessary to make this product functional I believe it is appropriate if I write a blanket review for every Nextel phone listed on Amazon.  After all, these reviews are meant to help the consumer make an informed purchase and this review will serve in that role.I had problems with my Nextel service almost from the beginning of my 2 year contract.  I would experience repeated dropped calls in my apartment.  Since I had no landline the use of my cell in my apartment was very essential to me.  Repeated calls to Sprint/Nextel failed to resolve the problem.  They would either tell me they would look into the problem or that there was sufficient coverage in my area.I pointed out that if there was sufficient coverage for my area that I would not be experiencing dropped calls so frequently.  Apparently my logic was lost on them.  They then told me that concrete building would interfere in the signal.  I informed them that my apartment was a wood structure and actually had quite good clearance from the sky.  I also asked why the Sprint/Nextel signal was experiencing so much trouble but my work cell (Verizon) seemed to work fine.  I have since switched carriers and as of yet have not experienced one dropped call.I eventually felt compelled to buy out my contract at $200 after one year.  I sent complaints to my State Attorney General as well as the Better Business Bureau.  Sprint/Nextel responded to both of these complaints with the standard line they had given me about adequate coverage for the area.My intent on filing these complaints was to compel Sprint/Nextel to make good on their failure to live up with their end of the agreement i.e. providing coverage to my cell.  They have decided that $200 is worth more than a reputation of standing behind their service.It is my opinion that Sprint/Nextel is the worst company I have had the misfortune of doing business with in at least the past 5 years.  In fact, never has a business in my experience done so little to try to make things right with a customer.I would encourage anyone considering doing business with Sprint/Nextel to talk with people they know in their area that has used the service.  Had I done so when I was initially looking into cell phones I would have steered far away from Sprint/Nextel.  Perhaps other people have had better experiences in other areas.Sprint/Nextel you had a chance to make right.  I am guessing that if just one or two people are persuaded by my reviews then it will cost you well in excess of $200.