I cannot warn potential buyers strongly enough to avoid this phone.  I purchased mine in February 2012 through Amazon from Unlocked Cell Phone Kings. I am a professional who relies on my smartphone when I need to be out of the office.  Specific problems:1.  The phone was very slow to ship.2.  When I did finally receive it, the phone would not recognize my sim card.  Phone support at Unlocked Cell Phone Kings was evasive and did not call back with tech support as promised.3.  The phone's battery cover came bent and does not stay on.4.  Eventually I got the phone to recognize my sim card, and realized then the phone was not really unlocked; it is an AT&T; phone, and as such is programmed to not let you install standard apps that you buy an Android phone for, such as wifi tether and internet radio.  You are forced to use the AT&T; programs, which will not work if you do not have AT&T; service.  (I have T-Mobile.)5.  I spent several hours finding and installing the Z4 root program that would temporarily root the phone, in order to load functioning programs onto the phone.  The root worked such that I could install a few basic essential apps, such as a wifi tether; and I was able to delete some but not all AT&T; proprietary apps that were consuming the phone's memory and operation.  Some programs such as internet radio, simply will not work.  The phone will allow the wifi tether to work about 1/3 of the time.6.  The phone continues to be terribly unreliable:  a.  As others have said, it spontaneously shuts itself off.  b.  It can take as long as 30 seconds after you touch a command button for the phone to react and execute the command.  This includes making phone calls, WHICH MEANS THE PHONE WILL FAIL YOU IN AN EMERGENCY.  c.  As of today, the battery indicator has stopped working.  The battery is fully charged, but there is a big question mark on the battery symbol on the phone.  d.  The phone is telling me its memory is full, although I keep it purged of old data and cache files.  e.  The phone has stopped receiving text messages.  f.  The voicemail indicator will not go away, even though there are no messages in my inbox.I have ordered a new phone from a completely different source, and am attempting to return this phone.