im 19 yr old male from texas.Got this phone for Christmas for 400$.If you are thinking about this phone but cant decide, over others, consider this. i previously owned the original iphone. great phone, nonetheless, but decided to sell it and go for a nokia. Most people dont realize it, but this nokia really can do just about anything (and more) than that iphone your thinking about. (save the apps on the iphone) But i truly am more happy now with my Nokia. its such a solid, substantial piece of technology, in every way i can think of, nokia made this thing of quality materials. not fragile at all.So what about the monthly internet (data plan) ?Well, with the iphone get ready to pay 30$ a month for data alone! that is a rough estimate of  720$ over a span of a two year contract with at&t.;Why not get this Nokia, sign up for at&t;'s "smartphone data plan" (also known as MEdia net thing) i pay literally 15$ a month flat rate for unlimited data. it takes no genius to realize thats about 360$ savings over 24 months. (that number covers the actual cost of the phone it self!)Do not be swayed away either by the e71's business appeal. I am a college kid and very into electronics, and i can honestly say this phone has everything a person would need (business/just for fun/practical uses) and seriously has technology a year ahead of its time. in otherwords, i could see myself using this phone in two years and still be more than pleased with it.Buy also a micro SD card. i bought an 8gb card on here for around 20$ these plug into the phone and allow you to save your media on the phone. i.e. music, videos, pictures ect. this gives me a wonderful media device thats easily comparable to any ipod.one setback on the phone is the 2.5mm headphone jack. Standard is 3.5mm so your favorite headphones wont plug into the phone without an adaptor. i bought one on dealextreme.com for literally 1.26$ (no tax, and no shipping) the adaptor is a 2.5mm male to 3.5mm female adaptor, and works wonderful.Nokia did things right with this device.the iphone strays away from the fundamentals of what a cell phone is really about: making/ recieving calls. Nokia sticks to simplicity and makes using the phone for calls/texts VERY straightforward and easy.you wont be dissapointed, and at this price its really a deal that can save you a good chunk of change in the future.