I purchased the Verizon Galaxy S III this past summer before i left for school in August. I have very mixed feelings about the galaxy sIII but have found that most of the time this phone works great for me. Personally, I feel that the size of the phone and the slim feel are great attributes but others may find it a tad too large for their hands. Also, I found that with a large case the phone can be very bulky, thus i purchased a smaller slimmer case and was much happier. The screen is great, no cracks and I have dropped it multiple times (whoops...). My only problem with the screen is in comparison to an IPhone, the resolution and pixels just are not as clear. Most of the physical aspects of the phone are great and fit me perfectly. My faults with this phone come in the operating system and software. The software is iffy with Verizon. I feel that on jellybean, the next android operating system, this phone would work much smoother and have less of a lethargic feel to it when scrolling through and general everyday use would be easier. Also, although the market is catching up, there are still some apps available on the apple market that are not available on the Google play store. Don't get me wrong i'm an android lover and really support all the great opportunities with android phones but compared to the newest Iphone 5 this phone does lack a little. Even with mixed reviews on the iPhone 5 and the lack of any real improvements to the phone, it still outperforms and looks sleeker than the GSIII in my opinion. Overall conclusion about this phone is that it looks and feels great, the operating system is a little slow and different from apples IOS which some may prefer but with JellyBean hopefully being released for this phone soon, we could see a huge improvement in this phones stats. I would recommend this phone to any android lover or someone in search of a smartphone cheaper than an IPhone 5. Its great for apps and everyday use and is very sturdy compared to many iPhones i have seen. Hopefully this helps!