I moved to a smart phone (Nexus One - Android Device) in early 2010.  It was great I had internet via Wifi calendar, email via Google, oh and a bunch of useless apps.  It was very expensive to buy without a plan, but I liked the openness of it, no contract, any sim card from any country, etc... Then it broke!  I couldn't see making another $500+ investment for another phone if it was only going to last me MAYBE 2 years tops.  So I did some searching and I had looked at the E71 even before I bought the Nexus One and this time it seemed to meet all my requirements.  Read the reviews found it could import my gmail and google calendar and that was all I really needed over and above the phone functionality.  Which I quickly discovered using the Nexus One.  So I ordered the E71 from Amazon Used->Like New.  When it arrived it was a brand new phone!  I put my card in and got going adding the googasync app to get my calendar and setup my gmail account and even imported all my google contacts via google.  In no time I started to realize this phone was intuitively way more powerful and organized than my Android device!  It had a nice list of my next calendar appointments right on the home screen, would show a list of 5 newest emails when hovering over the gmail item, all my music files on my SD card were found by the music player, it could multitask, on and on.  This was all icing on the cake, cause when I start receiving calls I realized the call logs and "ignore call" options were just awesome!  I couldn't believe it when I ignored a call and was immediately prompted a template text message that I could send to the caller with one button saying basically Can't answer right now, will call back.  I mean what control I felt, with such a simple process, I felt I finally was the master of my powerful smart phone and not the other way around!  Recommend reading the manual to learn the shortcut keys, they can make the phone fly through any process.  Also, keyboard feels great typing out anything.  Only downside is the smaller headphone jack, I had an adapter though, but now I use a Bluetooth stereo headset and get music and phone calls!