I tried using a few different Windows Phone 8 devices a few months back (Lumia 620, Lumia 820, Lumia 810) and they were good phones, but they were either buggy or too slow. Choppy audio, duplicate music files, poor music file tagging, unplayable podcast files from the Store, and buggy SD card support plagued all of them.Some of these items remain with the Lumia 920, but this must have an updated version of the OS, because things are improved. Audio no longer stutters and there are no problems with duplicate music files. Music file tagging is still broken, especially album and artist artwork, but I was able to fix most of the artwork via the MPATool app. The Xbox Music connection option does not fix any of this. It's actually sad that Microsoft's built-in music solution is such a huge step back from WP7, and it remains as my biggest complaint about WP8. Microsoft seems to want you to use their online Xbox Music service instead of CD rips.Podcast files from the Store play perfectly. However, you cannot manually add podcast files to your phone and have them show up in your Podcast section. If you manually add podcast files to your phone, they will show up in the Music section, which is strange. Sorting options are not as varied as it was in WP7.This is one of the few WP8 devices that has 32 gigs of storage, which is great for a guy like me who stores his entire music collection on the phone, and I download a lot of Podcasts. It's a shame more phones don't come with this much storage. I picked a phone with this amount of storage to avoid using a micro SD card.I bought an unlocked version so I can use my T-Mobile sim card. As of August 28, 2013, the phone has not received the GDR2 "Amber" update, which is a shame. Nokia's website says it's still in testing, so hopefully this phone will get it soon.Of all of the WP8 devices I have used, this one offers the best experience. The OS has some flaws when it comes to the way it handles media, but you can work around them for the most part. The rest of the OS is exceptional. It's slick, pretty, and has plenty of applications. The live tiles are really cool and give the OS a unique look and feel.The hardware is great. The screen is big and beautiful. The 1280x768 screen is crisp and clear. The phone is rectangular, but with curved edges. It's almost too big to be a pocket phone, but not quite. The 1.5 GHz dual core CPU makes for a very smooth user experience. Compared to my old Samsung Focus, all applications and games are noticeably faster.If this model received quicker OS updates, it would be a serious contender for the top WP8 device. As is, it's still an excellent phone.