I bought a tracfone in 2008, a simple mobile flip phone. It worked great, and I never had a problem with it. If I made a 5 second call, I was charged 5 seconds. I was very happy. Then in April of 2013, I decided to upgrade to this phone. After making a 3 second test call, I saw that I was charged for a full minute. I called customer service. This is where it all went bad. I was on hold for 18 minutes,  which was charged to the phone. Then they answered. First the lady barey spoke english. I told her the problem, and she told me that being charged for the minute was their policy. I told her that wasn't the case with my old phone. She put me on hold again, and then told me that I was right and I shouldn't be charged for the full minute. Then, in the next 10 minutes she changed her mind 3 times, changing from I should be charged to I shouldn't  be charged. She told me to wait 24 hours and the problem would be solved. After a day there was no change, so I called back and was on hold for 20 charged minutes. Then, a woman answered and said "Welcome to Tracfone, I can't  hear you so call back!" I couldn't believe it! She didn't give me one second to say anything. So I called back. After being on hold again for 20 plus minutes (and charged for thosee minutes), I got a lady who had to be blind drunk. I told her I couldn't understand her so she put me on with a supervisor. This Supervisor took all of my info again, even though I gave it to the automated system and the drunk lady. She then told me that the system was down and to call back in 2 hours. I was furious! So I googled "tracfone customer service problems ", and found that my experience was the norm,  and some people claimed to have revenge taken on them after calling! Some lost all their minutes, their phone numbers, and other horror stories. So I decided to just eat the money I'm gonna lose. I'll use it up and find another carrier. STAY AWAY FROM THEM! If you don't believe me do the internet search I did and read the countless complaints that are all too similar to mine.