As a Sprint customer and a fan of Windows Phone 7, the Arrive was my only option to get the OS I wanted on a handset. Luckily, at the time I wanted to stick with the QWERTY slider form factor so it was a perfect match. Being a Windows Phone 7 device, you know already that it is required to meet the guidance set by Microsoft for WP7 devices. This means a consistent experience that is always smooth and has very minimal fragmentation which is really only apparent in major updates as they roll out from the carriers. This is one area where Sprint has been great with WP7 as updates are released promptly.The hardware itself is well made for a professional device. It has a good look and feel though it is a bit heavy when compared to the average device on the market today. That is made up for in the stability of the phone and the great performance of the keyboard. It does not have a massive screen and typing on it can get cramped as there is very little screen real estate for the keyboard and whatever you're entering text into. This is resolved in a big way with the tilting screen which pops out of the way while you access the keyboard. One downfall, not the phone, is that not all applications are designed to recognize the landscape mode. This can result in typing in landscape while the screen is still in portrait. It's not a big problem and certainly not a deal breaker as the on-screen keyboard is still not a bad choice in portrait.Battery life is good. I could get through a full day to include playing music on the way to work and back, playing a couple of games, surfing a couple of websites, and taking a few pictures which were automatically uploaded to my SkyDrive. I work in an area that has low coverage and sometimes none so the phone used some extra battery power searching for service during the day as well.After seeing this phone, a few of my iOS and Android friends have decided to switch to Windows Phone when they are up for upgrades again. I personally only let mine go because my family decided to change carriers to AT&T.;