So this is my first PDA phone. I actually did not need one, but since I was going into a new contract, and I would not be able to buy another phone (free of cost) for another 2 yrs, I thought that I should go with the "in thing".I surfed the net and found a site where I got this phone for free without needing to subscrib for a data plan. I dont intend to use it for data much. If I do, I will pay per use. I just wanted a PDA Phone that would give me the flexibility of email et al and I could subscribe to a data plan when I think that I need to. The cingular people were charging me quite a bit for this phone with a required minimum mandatory data plan (without a data plan, it was exorbitant) and were sure that I could not get this phone for free anywhere without a data plan, that too added as a new line to my already existing other Cingular phone. Too bad for them........Ok, now for the phone.....I must say that as a first time PDA Phone user, I was smitten by the Blackberry Pearle for its looks and all. However, I have been falling deeper in love with this phone ever since I got it (about a week).PROS:- Excellent display- Very user friendly and customizable OS (I did not need a manual for most of the stuff).- Loud and clear ear piece.- Good signal strength. (This was the primary reason why I moved to Cingular. Earlier, I had a T-mobil and my wife had a Cingular, she would singals everywhere, but T-mobil sucks on that accunt).- Good keypad. The key pad comes up like a cluttered one with very small keys at first look. I was scared as I have fat fingers. But the keys are protruded so that I have never pressed a wrong key. Better that the big key plat key pad in my razor.- Even without using the data plan, I am able to use the calendar, alarm, internet and it helps a lot to keep me on track for my day to day activities.Ok another thing that I have read a lot about here is the bad battery life on this phone. I must say that I got 3 days from my first charge on the regular battery (not the extended one), with a talk time of about 2 hrs, fair amount of net surf (pay per use), and lots and lots of palying around. The first thing I did was swtiched off bluetooth and 3G. I will switch them on when I need them (I am sure this will drain the battery faster), but for now, I am good. (I will update this space about battery life, if I see it going down).So all in all, this phone is real good, looks real sleek (yes, even when compared to the Pearle). I like it.