I really wanted to love the Nokia N85.  But after 6 months of using this phone, all I can think of is the many ways it has failed me.I bought the phone for it's all-in-one features, phone, email, gps, music player, camera, games, even the FM radio.  Just about every one of those features has not lived up to expectations.  I brought the phone on my honeymoon in Europe to take pictures and video, use the internet when I had wifi, and watch some movies during my downtime on trains and planes.  Unfortunately about halfway through the trip, my memory card somehow became corrupt and all my videos were gone.  By the end of the trip, just about all the images and videos I took over the two weeks had been lost. Just gone, *poof*.  Luckily I was able to retrieve the images using a windows program to retrieve lost images from a corrupt memory card, but the videos are gone forever.The music player is nice when it works, but it too somehow became corrupt, and none of my music appears in my library any longer.  The only way to play those songs is to use the file browser to navigate to the folder where the song is saved and play each song individually.Sometimes the phone gets in a state where it will not make any calls from the contacts list or recent calls.  The only way to dial is to manually type in a number -- the only way to fix this is to reboot.  The most fundamental feature of this device, making calls, is broken.  Go figure.I downloaded the trial for Age of Empires III through N-gage to try out the gaming features of the phone.  After I played the game and exited, I could not launch any other application on the phone until I rebooted.The camera flash is so incredibly bright that if I take a picture of anyone, they are always squinting.  (The flash comes on before the shutter in order to focus).The one bright spot of this phone is the quality of the video recordings. They are very sharp and clear, with good stabilisation to make up for shaky hands.  The rest of the device is just one disappointment after another.  Nokia needs to do a way better job of quality control and testing of their firmware before releasing a product like this.