If you are having trouble getting the App Catalog to install don't give up!  It took me at least 1 day and many attempts but I did get it download and install.  Go through the date change steps outlined in other reviews and with persistence I'm confident it will eventually work for you.  You may have to go back and forth on the date a few times.  Also try July 19 instead of July 1, 2013.  Since I've been able to update the app catalog I've downloaded several apps with no problem.For the price this phone is a bargain.  Combined with the Tracfone BYOP program it's beyond worth it.  A smart phone for less than $10 a month?Since I've never owned a true smartphone, Samsung or iPhone, the Pixi is an upgrade from my Samsung 390 no doubt, so I will not have complaints about apps or the app store selection.  To me they are great.*Easily connected to my gmail account.*I added my contacts from my previous Samsung by emailing them to the Pixi.*The wifi set up was seamless and works great both at my office and at home.  Since I am on Tracfone this is great as I don't use any minutes for internet connections while using wifi.*Battery life seems marginal.  I've been doing lots of changing, adding, setting up and it has drained fast.  Not sure how it will respond with just texting/calling.*Call quality is acceptable but I'm not a fan of talking on any cell phone, I think they are all bad.  :D*The bluetooth is only for connecting to an audio device, it's not for connecting another device for exchanging data, etc.*The camera is awful.  Do not buy this if you want quality pictures from a phone.*Still waiting and hoping the google maps update will work, so far I'm just getting the exclamation point.*You cannot run a lot of apps at once.I've only been using the phone for a couple of days and this is just my initial reaction.  I mostly wanted to tell anyone who has not been able to get the app certificate to update to be patient and keep trying.Edited to add:  Maps did update in less than 24 hrs.  They are Bing maps, not google.  So far I am 100% for apps updating even if they do it immediately.