I get a new 400 min card each year for my Tracfone. My phones have all been double mins so that often will last me the year (not a big phone user, I just like to be connected). Some years I upgrade the phone as well bringing my yearly cost from $100 to $130. I was wondering how smooth this new phone would activate with my old number, transfer my minutes and add the 400x3=1200 minutes to my balance. With this price I figured even if the triple minutes didn't work i am still getting a good deal. Anyway, within 10minutes of getting the phone, I was able to do all the above on the Tracfone website. I have not tried to add more minutes since, so I don't know if the triple minutes for life is still working but so far this has exceeded my expectations.I love the phone as well, coming from the Moto W376g phone. After manually typing in my 50 contacts! I realized they are both Bluetooth and was able to connect them!Pros,I can rapidly scroll through the contacts on the touch screen, unlike the W376g.Useful calender feature with alarms, i actually use this.Aded a 4Gb microSD card and can connect to my PC. Loaded a bunch of music and it is a decent music player for my car. I plug the 3.5mm into my radio AUX port.Calls sound good.Much better camera than the Moto W376g, but not nearly as good as an iphone or Android.Poor video capability, but it can at least do it.Functional web browsing (I run BOLT for my browser not the built in one, it only connects when it has to to save balance).Easy to load Java apps from my PC, this is only possible when you add the microSD card.Snapping a photo and sending in an email was more obvious then the W376g. Some times I would select the wrong format on the W376g and the picture was stripped with out me knowing. This phone I had success right away.Cons,Definitely needs a screen protector and there is little available that is made for the LG800g, I ended up using a generic cut to shape kit.Does not have all the features of a smart phone, especially screen resizing with finger tips.unit is a bit slow at times, so it may appear unresponsive.Need to order a protector, again small market so I ordered online.Uses a micro-B USB as opposed to a mini-B connector the W376g used. need to get new charger for the car.Documentation stinks. I took me a ahile to figure out how to add vibrate to the phone ring, easy on my last phone. t is buried in the "Profiles" menu which is hard to find as well.Once I learned the basics i am actually enjoying playing with this phone. This is the first phone that i may use up my minutes before the year is up since the web access is adequate.