I was looking for a good unlocked phone which I can sync with my work and personal e-mails. So, when I wake up in the morning and I don't need to turn on my computer to see what meetings I have. I was between N8 and android phones. I did not want to spend more than $450 (I did not want to buy a data plan so the carrier phones are out). So, I passed unlocked Iphone 4, Galaxy S and Blackberry phones from newegg and amazon. I got this one from Amazon for 429 which was the best price at the time.Phone looks very nice and works very well. It is built-in GPS very helpful and faster than Nokian e72. I used in different states and worked well. Especially, if you pre-entered where you are going to go (in a business trip, it is very common to know where you are heading). It talks to you too and even in different languages :).  To be honest, GPS is not as fast as a stand alone GPS but it is reasonable (and better than other nokia phones) especially when you consider you don't have to pay for the data plan.The sound quality is great. Nokia headset came with this phone is also very good. It is almost like noise canceling headset. Surprisingly, the headset does not work well with the computer and but the regular headphones works fine with the phone when you listen music or radio.I easily synced with my work exchange server (mail and calendar) and gmail account. I could not sync with my google calendar and read that some other people could not do it either. The phone has wireless N so it works very well with my wireless network at phone or work.The camera is so far so good. I don't care much about Mega pixels and care more about how pic looks. So far, it is very good.I know new generation became obsessive about Apps and the number of apps in the app store. Most of those apps are games and I don't play many games. So, it is not a huge factor for me. But, Ovi store have few decent apps ( sports app to show how many miles you ran, market (and stock) news, opera web browser and etc). That is more than enough for me.