I have previously owned a Nextel i550, i90 and an i95cl. I just upgraded to the new i730 mainly because of the size factor. Second, Nextel is phasing out the i90 and i95 so I like to make sure I am staying up with the technology as it expands. I use this phone a LOT, mostly for work, but also for personal use.  My only main issues with this phone are the battery life and the size of the screen. I was used to the huge screen of the i95, but I have to admit the color is MUCH better with the 64k color screen of the i730. Battery life seems to be an ongoing issue with Nextel phones, but with all this phone does, I guess it is to be expected. It is odd that Nextel finally switched the "make call" and "end call" button positions on this phone. My guess is that it was in an attempt to make their positions on the keypad standard with the other cell phones on the market. Before this phone, they were always backwards compared with other cell phones. I do miss the "service indicator" light, but it isn't a major issue. The buttons are set up a bit different than my previous Nextel phones, but like with anything else, you get used to it pretty quick. One thing Nextel got away from was the ability to use a home charger and car changer from the old phone, with the new one. They changed the ends so you cannot use the I90 or I95 powercords with the new i730. They do include a home charger with the phone, but be prepared to buy a new car charger when getting this phone.  I like the sleek feel of the case, the thinner profile, the color screen, the ability to (finally) assign ringtones to each caller and the GPS service. A nice touch is the cover that flips over the bottom of the phone where you insert the charger. It may seem a silly touch to most people, but I work outside for my job and I was always concerned with water or dirt getting into the phone and causing damage to the circuit board.  All in all, if you can afford to get this phone, BUY IT! Nextel service, like everyone elses, has their good and bad points but I will stay with them for the long haul. I have had Sprint, Verizon, Blackberry and still currently carry T-Mobile in addition to this Nextel. (only because my company is cheap with their anytime minute allocation! *lol*) If they turned Nextel service off tomorrow, I would immediately go back to a Nextel office to set it right back up! The direct connect feature is addicting and doesn't take away from your cellular minutes. Don't waste time with Verizon's pseudo direct connect. Go with the people that invented the technology...Nextel!  Hopes this review helps. *S*