This is my first fancy phone. My old Brigade died and they do not make it anymore. So, I finally went with the white SG3.At first, this phone will put you in tears learning how to use it.For example, how to actually answer a phone call. We hit every button, every knob, everything. We even tried yelling at it, "answer phone." The instructions were of no help nor was Verizon. The first tutorial on the phone did not address how to answer, only how to call. Finally, the third tutorial told us how to answer it. You put your finger on the green phone button and swipe it toward the middle of the phone. Took two days to figure this out.Another example, how to transfer old ring tones or download them. We followed every direction on Verizon, but the directions and what is on the screen are not even close to matching. It told me it downloaded and installed but no one could find it. So, I went to Verizon again. A huge team of Verizon scientist gathered around could not figure it out. Finally, the Verizon Certified Jerk went to a website, downloaded another ring like the one I tried to install, and downloaded to my phone without my permission and told me that is how you do it. Finally, they told me they did not know how to work it. I left unhappy. You must hit the orange downloaded message more than once even though it tells you it was downloaded and installed.All these initial things aside, the phone is great. You can do custom fields on almost everything. One of the best calendars I have ever used. The camera is freaking awesome. The phone is light weight and nice in appearance. You can pull your finger from top to bottom and it will list all the parts you can turn off and on, such as 4G, WiFi, Bluetooth, etc. Quick and easy.This is the first electronic device that can actually understand my southern accent with the voice commands on SVoice. I just tried it for fun and said, "call mom.' It immediately called my mother. I tried it again thinking that was a fluke, and said, "text S**S**" and it went to that screen. I was able to send a detailed text with unique words easily.The ring tones on this phone absolutely suck. They are all made for females or kids. I do not want Twinkle Toes (not a real ring tone but that is what they all sound like) as my ring tone. Not one ringtone for a man unless it is a man that likes Twinkle Toes.Overall, at first this phone might drive you nuts trying to figure it out but once you overcome that, it is a great phone. A lot of thought went into the ability to customize this phone, even some of the most minor details.