My husband and I purchased a Sony Ericsson T610 and a Samsung E 105 in July 2004.  We had cell phone service from Sprint PCS on a family plan and wanted to keep our existing phone numbers. We checked all the instructions on amazon.com and with T-Mobile on how to purchase individual phones, switch to a family plan, and port our numbers over.  When we got the phones we were successful in porting our numbers over and were very happy with both phones.  Then we got two bills - one for our phone numbers from Sprint PCS, and one from phone numbers we didn't recognize and never heard of.  Apparently the phone numbers assigned to the phones from amazon.com were never cancelled when we ported the Sprint PCS phone numbers over.  Repeated calls to T-Mobile customer service were not helpful - they told us stock answers like disregarding the bill, or that the billing cycle hadn't caught up with the customer service computers, etc. etc. etc. At about the 6th phone call to the company, a customer service rep was able to cancel the account and credit it so we didn't owe them any money for these phantom phone numbers.  We were very excited that this was finally resolved and gave this rep's supervisor a glowing report.  Case closed... or so we thought. We received a final bill for this account that had all sorts of adjustments but still said we owed $41.06.  Two more phone calls to the company came up with nothing but assurances that this would be taken care of.  One rep even scheduled a follow-up call to tell me that it went through, but never actually called.  Today on the answering machine was the standard recording for code 100 (which means I didn't pay the bill).  One more call this evening (October 15, 2004, 3 months after we purchased the phones initially) with me masquerading as SuperBitch got me assurances that this would be rectified in 2 hours. Well, I'm not holding my breath.  We like the phones and have no problem with the account that we're supposed to be paying on. It's the account that never should have existed that's the issue.  If you're in a situation like we were, make absolutely sure that whatever phantom phone numbers that existed are cancelled as soon as you port your phone numbers over. Better yet, use a different phone service.