This phone has been amazing! I had an iPhone 4 for about 6 months, and was satisfied with it, but not all that happy. It didn't really live up to all of the hype. This phone, on the other hand, has been working perfectly. This is the second Palm based phone that I have owned, and I have loved them both. When the phone first arrived, it was smaller than what I had thought it was going to be. This really wasn't a disappointment though. It is a little smaller than an iPhone 4, and lighter as well.Pro's.-The battery life lasts about a full day with moderate use (light internet browsing and app downloading, heavy calling, moderate texting)-The screen resolution is sharp and clear. Text is easy to read and colors are vibrant.-Keys on the keyboard are very easy to use, and are spaced relatively far apart.-Excellent 3G signal strength (Verizon Network).-Phone is very easy to navigate around, and changing from one app to another is very simple.-Handles multi-tasking very well.-Plenty of internal memory.-Camera is average, takes fairly decent pictures.-Very lightweight and virtually unnoticeable in pocket.-Internet browser is very fast, and loads virtually every page correctly.-Effortless set-up of E-mail accounts; E-mail platform is very reliable.-Phone has fast software and everything opens and loads very quickly.-Very responsive.-Gesture area is very convenient and works with no problems.-Convenient vibrate only switch-Comes with very useful software such as a PDF Viewer and Document viewer which allows opening of Microsoft word attachments from E-mail's.Cons:-Smaller screen than an iPhone (not really a big deal as clarity is impeccable).-Takes a long time to power on and re-start.-No SD Card slot.-No Auto Correct while text messaging-App Catalogue is somewhat lacking when compared to Apple or Android.-Battery Cover is hard to remove.Overall I highly recommend this phone. As you can see, the Pro's outweigh the Con's. The battery cover may be hard to remove, but it is actually very handy because the battery cover covers the back and sides of the phone, which eliminates the need for a phone case because battery covers are only around 5$ on Amazon. The phone comes with mainly useful software, eliminating the need to delete a ton of unnecessary App's upon purchase. Another cool feature for this phone is that you can order (for a total of around $10.00 on Amazon)a special battery cover and charging dock, both made by touchstone that offer truly wireless charging. You simply remove your current battery cover, place on the new one, plug in the dock, and set your phone on it to charge. Changing from one App to another is a snap, and closing app's to save battery life is also very easy. Simply flick the app upwards and it "flies" off the screen and instantly closes the app.