After my iPhone was stolen, I opted not to spend $500 on a new one since next generation models will probably be released in the next 2 months. So I looked at other options to tie me over until I figured out what I wanted to do next. And a new toy is always nice as well.The E71 fit pretty much everything I was looking for: email support, qwerty keyboard (the iPhone keyboard is a bit tough to use quickly), 3G connection, GPS, expandable media for music and images, camera--all the main things I was using my iPhone for. The expandable micro SD was a big plus, since I was at the point where I was trying to figure out what was coming off my iPhone to make room for other stuff. The four dedicated keys to email, contacts and calendars are awesome--things that I predominantly need a smartphone for. The size is great--about the size of an iPhone strangely--and just looks so slim. The steel frame is worth it for the high end look to the phone even at the expense of some fingerprints. Nokia did a great job with the design of this product. What really caught my eye was the white version. Most smartphones are geared towards men and so colors are chosen accordingly. I was happy to have a more feminine choice. Also having lived abroad, I was ecstatic to finally have a place to put my girly accessories (which are not as popular in the States) to jazz up/personalize my phone.On the flip side, I do wish there were more free apps for the Nokia. After being spoiled by the sheer number of apps that cater to every whim on the iPhone, I'm finding life with Nokia apps a bit boring. I understand that Nokia Ovi acquired Widsets, so I assume there's more apps/widgets on the way, but haven't been able to find any information on what the plans are for that. The included email client doesn't do a great job of mimicking email accounts when it's not automatically retrieving mail, which you can only do for 2 accounts. Every additional email account needs to be manually retrieved. I'm trying some of the push applications that are available and the jury is still out for me on those. Also the number of steps that one has to go through to delete emails, mark emails, add recipients to emails, get to applications that are installed on the phone, etc. is a bit annoying.All in all though, I think this is a great buy and a strong contender in the more business-oriented smartphone that has entertainment add-ons. Personally, I'm looking forward to exploring the camera, music, IM and other entertainment aspects of the phone in the coming weeks.