Beware of Virgin Mobile's unreliable system performance and poor customer service. I used my Rumor 2 with Virgin Mobile for about a year with the Texter's Delight plan. Two months ago I started using their unlimited data and text plan with 300 anytime airtime minutes per month. The Rumor 2 phone works passably well for web browsing and social sites (Facebook) but Virgin Mobile service is extremely disappointing.Before I began using the data plan, service was reliable and uneventful. During September, 2010, I experienced a 9-day outage of my data service, and the customer service reps were unable to provide any meaningful information regarding the problem. Apparently Virgin's system suffered a widespread problem that affected many customers. Also, after service was restored, I asked Virgin customer service to adjust my service dates to compensate for the period of lost service, and that was a complete disaster. They shifted my service period by a very stingy amount, and contrary to expectation, they simply set my service period forward by a few days. The result was that I had no service according to my subscribed plan for those several days in the interim. Calls to customer service did not bring any satisfaction, as they can only accept information and submit requests for 'investigations,' which take 24 to 72 hours to complete. If you have a problem, it may be best not to call customer service, and just to hope the issue goes away.The September disruption has been the most severe episode of service loss, but I had several other extended interruptions of approximately one day each. During these interruptions, Virgin customer service is incapable of providing information or correcting problems in a timely way.The Rumor 2 phone itself works well for voice and SMS (text) messaging. The user interface is mediocre, and housekeeping operations require more keystrokes than necessary, but once you are accustomed to it you should be happy enough with it. The keypad design is simple, comfortable and fast to use (I have fairly big fingers). The small display is a hindrance for web browsing, but because Virgin data service is so bad, that may be a moot detail.Stay away from Virgin if you want mobile web browsing!