The hardware for this phone is wonderful.  I'm was a Samsung fan until about 10 minutes ago when I called customer support for a repair to my poor Galaxy Nexus.  I dropped it and cracked the screen.  I was fully prepared to pay for my mistake; for which I was told that would be somewhere around $150.I called support on Tuesday and was told to call back on Friday because they needed to enter my IMEI number into the system since it was an international phone.  I called back today and was told that they cannot help me since it is international and forwarded me to another customer support rep.  10 minutes later we started over again, collecting my data until they asked for my address.  "Oh, you're in the US?  You cannot use us because we only service Canada".  WTF?I was put on hold again for 20 minutes and ended up back in the US, but for television support.  This is when I start to get a bit.... angry.  I bit my tongue and asked for a manager.  I was put on hold again (10 more minutes) and I was back from where I started: US phone support.  I told the new agent my gripes and asked for a manager.  She would not immediately connect me, but insisted that we go through the entire process again.  10 minutes later I was put on hold for a manager.10 minutes later I get a manager and we started the process over AGAIN.  I was shaking saying, "If I have to tell you my phone model one more time, I'm going to lose it" kind of voice, but did my best hold on.  The resolution?  "Sir, you need to find someone in Europe with a European address to get the phone sent to".  I kinda lost it.  :(I'm sure the manager could care less, but I told him that this is why people pay the extra money for an iPhone.  I love Android, but when something goes wrong, it's nice to know that you can just walk into an Apple store and get it taken care of immediately.  I want Samsung to know this.  I want them to understand that customer care is a big deal.  I like your products and would love to buy more, but what's the point if they don't care?tl:dr  If you buy an international phone (Europe) and want it repaired, you have to find a friend in Europe to get the phone sent to because they will not help you with a US address.