I am a new Nextel customer, and I recently purchased a Nextel i730.  The i730 is my fourth cell phone, but also my first Nextel.  So far the i730 is the best phone I've ever bought.Before I bought a new cell phone I had an idea of what features I wanted on my phone.  The i730 has all of the features I wanted plus many more.  Features include:  AOL instant messenger (AIM), unlimited direct connect (walkie-talkie), text messaging, and web access.You can download a real song or a polyphonic song for your ringtone.  Something else I love about this phone is that you can download games.  There are hundreds of games to choose from on the website, or even from your phone.  Games are $5.99 for unlimited use.  The phone comes with four demo games, and an awesome calculator.  Also for an extra $10.00/month you receive unlimited text messaging, website access, and AIM.  Web access is great for situations when you need to know the weather, movie times, news, or even if you just like to chat through messaging.The design of the i730 is very unique.  I think the i730 is Nextel's best looking phone.  There is a very modern look to this phone.  When you receive an incoming call the circle around the speaker will flash different colors such as red and blue.  The i730 has a full clear color screen with different wall papers you can chose from, or if there isn't any you like you can download one off of Nextel's website or from your phone.I get excellent reception with my Nextel.  I travel all over the Michigan area and haven't had any problems with reception, I always have a connection.  My battery life is also very good.  I always have my phone on and I can go about three days without charging my battery.  Although, when I do have to charge I can get a full battery in less than two hours.I strongly recommend this phone whether you're using the i730 for business or personal use.  Nextel also offers really great rate plans.  With the plan I have I get 1000 whenever minutes, unlimited direct connect, and free nights (after 9 p.m.) and weekends for $55.99 which I think is a really good deal.  Again, if you're looking for a durable nice phone with all of the features you need chose Nextel's i730.