Throughout my ownership of 2 different handsets, both model i730 (t), I would constantly be aggravated by the slow response of the phone. Everything from making phone calls, to sending a text message, to checking the sports scores or weather, is run from a Java program. This means that sending of commands from the buttons to the application is extremely delayed. This delay only gets worse as the day goes on, and I am usually forced to restart the phone 2 or 3 times a day.The phone constantly freezes when I am writing a text message or email, and the only way to fix this is to pull the battery out. I have tried all of the master reset and browser restart processes, and I have even had my SIM card changed out from Nextel. Still I have trouble just switching between two calls, because of the delay of the buttons.At least 3 times a day, a call is mysteriously canceled by my phone. Normally when a call is dropped I will get a randomly generated error message, i.e. A56 try again, C885 call failed, R23 Service unavailable. However, on the mysterious canceled calls, my phone just returns to the status screen as if I had terminated the call. This happens with calls to other Nextel customers, many other cellular carriers, and land line calls. The phone does not lose service, as I have watched the service status remain constant at 3/5 bars when a call is canceled by the phone.There are 3 different types of i730 handset, which can be seen on [...] The t model that I have does not have any available updates for the firmware or software of the phone. The software my phone is running is dated back in January of 2002. So there have been no updates or improvements for the phone from the first day they manufactured it.The problems I have had with this phone occur indoors and outdoors, with full signal or less than half signal. There is no geographical constant, as I have had every one of these problems at home, at work, at friends houses, or on the road. Other users I know on the Nextel network chose this phone and have had similar problems with dropped calls and the phone freezing when using the web utilities.The only good feature about this phone is I can plug it into my computer and create my own ring tones from any audio file I have. Other than that, it is just a constant disappointment. Enough so that I will not use a Motorola device or Nextel/Sprint service again.