I owned this for a week and returned it to Amazon, and exchanged it for a Motorola Droid RAZR M. Why?1. I couldn't make it more than 8 hours without charging it. This was in spite of turning off the wifi, GPS, and Bluetooth when possible. My wife's Iphone 5 and my new RAZR M have far, far superior battery lives, as in days.2. Call reception and quality were not equal to the Iphone 5 or the RAZR M from the same locations. (My house has 2-bar 3G and 1-bar 4G.)3. Wifi reception, connectivity, and throughput were inferior to the Iphone 5 RAZR M from the same locations. Using the Speedtest.net app, I get 16Mbps down at my house on the RAZR M and Iphone 5, less than 10 on the Galaxy.4. You can't operate these large phones very easily with one hand, as in while driving. The smaller Iphone5 and RAZR M don't suffer this problem. In addition, the larger phones are not comfortable in a shirt pocket due to their size.Other considerations on why I chose the RAZR M instead:The RAZRs have the same 1.5 GHz processor as the Sammy, but only 1GB of RAM instead of the Sammy's 2GB. I run a lot of apps and didn't notice any difference in performance. Tests show the Iphone 5 to be the fastest on the market right now, but I honestly don't see any difference in performance between my wife's Iphone 5 and either the Sammy or the RAZR M.At 960x540, the screen resolution on the RAZR M isn't as good as the Sammy's 1280 x 720 or the Iphone's 1136 x 640, but I don't watch videos on my phone and didn't really notice the difference. If you really need a big screen, go for the new Motorola Droid RAZR HD and HD MAXX. These have the Sammy's big screen, but with the rest of the features of the RAZR and RAZR M, including the outstanding battery life.For you world travelers, the new RAZRs are global-ready, like the Iphone5...buy a SIM card when you get to the new country and replace the Verizon one. Not true for the Sammy.You might think the 8GB max. internal storage of the RAZR M might be a problem...especially since, as with the Sammy, you can't offload apps to the microSD card. Surprise! I have a LOT of apps. I loaded them all and they only took less than 1GB of internal storage, so it wasn't really a limitation after all. In addition, you can still put all your photos, videos, etc. on the SD card on the RAZRs.Best of all the RAZR M is $150 cheaper than the Galaxy S3 or the Iphone 5.