Bought this phone through Cingular a few months ago, I love it.  Previously I had a Nokia 6200, which I loved for the size and durability.I couldn't get a 6230 so I went with the 6682.Pros-  The size it a bit bigger than the 6200/6230, but the corners have a good radius so it's easy to shove in a pocket.  Good flexible interface.  You can use the standby mode and  soft keys to set the phone up however you want.  Well done for sure.  Battery life is solid.  If I use the other features (games,  music, video, etc...) the battery will still get me through a  day but not much more.  If it's just the phone it will last  maybe 4-5 days.  Display is quite nice.  Camera works great outdoors, but if it takes pics using the  flash it screws them up pretty bad.  As long as there is  enough light the camera is very useful.  I'm sure there is a  way to tweak the settings and dial it in, but I haven't  screwed with it.  Memory card slot is awesome to have.  I bought a 512 card  when I bought the phone but it wasn't dual voltage and the  phone wouldn't recognize it.  I was pretty upset about that,  but I'll buy the 1gb Kingston card here soon and will be all  set.Cons-  The speak to talk...I like to use it occasionally (I used it  exclusively on my 6200), but I don't know if I need to buy a  license for the VoiceSignal program to use it on the 6682.  Wish it had a normal headphone jack so I wasn't tied to the  Nokia headsets.  I understand that there is an adapter I can  buy, but I'd rather see it on the phone.  I'd like a way to shut off the phone part of the phone so I  can use it as an MP3 player on flights.  My laptop has a nifty switch to shut off the wireless NIC, I believe a similar feature would allow me to use it on planes.  Sometimes the phone will lock up and I'll have to pull the  battery to reset it, don't know if I can have it flashed out  with an update to solve this problem.  It rarely happens, but  when it does you don't notice until you try to use the phone.  Calls get missed etc...All in all it's a solid phone, very pleased with it.  I bought a RAZR for my wife at the same time, I was not impressed with it, especially next to my Nokia.