This is phone is almost everything I wanted it to be.Just to begin, I use AT&T; and I actually get better signal now then I did with my old phone, which I bought from AT&T.; I have five bars almost everywhere, including places where friends with AT&T; have no signal.It has a great fairly high resolution screen that rotates based on if the keyboard is out or not. The video quality is pretty good for a phone and the point-and-shoot camera actually produces very nice pictures. The "touchscreen" actually only functions if you're using it to dial a number when the keyboard is closed. It is by no means a significant control mechanism.The software has a very clean look and is very easy to manage -- every feature is where you expect it to be. Also, it has many ways to instantly check messages or create a new text message. It also has a cool feature where is lines up your messages with the same person as though it were a chat, which makes it very easy to remember what they said last. However, using that line-up method, I've had a lot of trouble with it chopping off the ends of messages, but if you just use the regular view, it's not a problem. Also, referring to the software in general, I've had a number of instances when it froze temporarily -- annoying, but not common enough to really be a problem.The phone itself looks great. I have mine in a somewhat chunky case, which really detracts from the way it looks, but without the case it's very sleek and gorgeous. Also, even though it's a slider with a full keyboard, it's very thin and light. The buttons on the front and the keyboard are a good size -- not so small you can't tell what you're doing, but not too big, either.And the battery life seems to be really good. Off of one full charge, it stays alive for three or four days of regular talking and texting before it dies.And just a heads up, the charger that I got was actually a European charger with an American adapter, which works just fine, but it makes the charger really bulky, so it's hard to plug in behind furniture. Also, my manual came in what I think is Romanian, but there are plenty of manuals available online, and the phone is so intuitive it wasn't really a problem.Overall, I really like this phone, and I'm glad that I got it, even though there are definitely less expensive unlocked phones out there. Sure, it sometimes glitches on me, but it's never been anything severe. Overall, I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a durable, QWERTY keyboard phone.