this has a nice wide color screen with amazing clarity and picture quality.  Syncs to Windows PC and MS Office with ease.  Great feature is the off phone battery recharging and the included second battery.  Having one battery to recharge and using the other until the phone dies should keep the life of the battery longer.  Not having to worry about plugging in to recharge is totally awesome.  Nice to see this feature return.  When cellphone first came out this was a standard feature, then it was optional, then it was gone.  Get the extra long life battery if you plan to use this as a video or MP3 music player.  Video conversion is a bit spotty and frustrating.  Many videos will convert and then not display.  Music is no problem.  Any MP3 or MS Windows media player audio format will play.  Convert is easy with Windows Media Player 10 or 11.  Sorry Win2k users (forget NT or Win9X or Me), video conversion is not available on any MS OS older than XP and Windows Media Player 10 and 11 are only on XP.  Get a MicroSD card and put your music on that card and you can play it from there.  Pictures can also be stored on the SD card or in the 64Megs of internal memory.  Since this is a MS Smartphone, there are lots of 3rd party software and games for this phone.  Be aware of the aspect ratio, this is a landscape display and not portrait.  If you get games or applications for it be  sure of the aspect ratio.  This is a 240H by 320W display.  Size your pictures to the display and you will be happy with the clarity and sharpness.The thumbwheel is great for navigation and web browsing.Niggles:1. Camera is slow and not very clear, but none of the camera phones I have seen are very good either.2. need more ring tones. The ones that come with this phone are lame at best.  Download or create some of your own.3. Need more menu choices.  The ones that come with it are OK but take some navigation to get around.4. Hate the Cingular activation policy and cost for the internet access service (but that is not the phone's fault so maybe I should not list this complaint).