I purchased the Verizon-branded Extravert to replace my old Samsung flipphone from Alltel. Right away one can see the advantage in the Extravert's platform versus my flipper. The slide-out keyboard speeds texting enormously. The Extravert's larger touchscreen makes viewing texts and pictures easier, and the touchscreen is faster for dialing versus having to flip open my Samsung.The phone has many options for personalization, including loading ringtones (including homemade via the micro-SD card or use the enclosed USB cable), pictures and the many internal personalization settings. Call quality seems very good in my area (mountainous with spotty coverage, mostly). Setup was easy thanks to Verizon's activation scheme. You simply call a number provided which will give Verizon the MEID number, pick a plan and whether you want to keep your old cell number or get a new one, and Verizon does the rest.The major downside is one that I didn't find so detrimental given the other reviews I've seen regarding this phone. The touchscreen does take a bit of getting used to but is quick and those with smaller fingers would find it quite easy to use. When selecting various options on the screen or to scroll, you must press more firmly than on more-expensive phones. The irritating thing about this is that you will often select an option you did not intend to use. Scrolling numbers can also be irritating as you will probably select a number you did not want when in fact you intended to scroll upward or downward. I've learned to live with this as I generally like the phone. The phone is a bit slippery, but manageable. The phone becomes MUCH more manageable if you also order one of the many rubberized cases on Amazon. The overall build quality seems very good. The phone menu is fairly straightforward. Placing calls and messaging are easy enough. I was surprised at how quickly web pages load in my area considering the speed of the phone. The phone uses the Opera browser.Screen resolution can be fairly mediocre. Pictures tend to have a "blocky", pixelated appearance. Images taken with the 2mp camera fare a little better. Viewing webpages is easy enough, especially when you've been used to small flipphone screens.Overall, I like the phone very much! It's a good transition between a standard phone and a full-blown smartphone. I purchased the phone through Amazon- GREAT price and fast shipping. I plan on using this phone at least until I take the smartphone plunge.