i purchased this phone from net10's website. 750 minutes for $27.65 is a heck of a lot better than just 300 minutes from virgin mobile for the same price. i quickly found out this phone has an annoying problem. like other cellphone companies you have a choice of numbers, not net10! your assigned a number at random. here is its biggest problem! all phones receive a signal from the cell towers telling the day date and year and current time displayed on the phone. for some reason net10 doesn't have this feature available in my city? where do live, i live in brooklyn new york! my phone currently reads January 7th 2004 4:05am. and there is no way of manually setting this feature!i called net10 customer support, and of course there support is based in India! i spent 30 minutes on the phone with a man that had such a heavy accent i had to have him repeat himself two and three times! he first told me to take the battery and the phones SIM card out, when that didn't work, he said to reset the phone to factory defaults, that didn't work, then i was put on hold for over 10 minutes! then another man came on the line and said that "because the auto update feature is not available in my city, or on their towers yet there is no fix for this problem until the towers are updated, only then will my phone show the current day date time and year" i asked how long will that be? he said they don't know? he said that my name was going to be on a list of those who complained about this problem. like that would make it happen faster! this isnt a small issue. if you need to rely on your phones time, or tell what time you missed the call!this phone company should have a warning!...net10 cell towers in your area may or may not be updated to send your phone the correct time,day date and year. five stars for the Motorola name brand! this phone is feather lite and has a battery life of almost 5 days in standby mode! one star for net10's customer support! it really stinks having a phone that displays the wrong time day date and year!i will wait 90 days! if the problem isn't corrected by then. i'm cancelling my service!