I have had the GS3 in pebble blue since August of 2012.  After several firmware updates, my town getting verizon 4G, and my own personal use, I can say it is a great phone even though it is now "obsolete". (GS4 is already available)  Lets get to the biggest question everyone has about a smartphone: Battery Life.I consider myself a medium level user, I check my email, surf some web content, take pictures, text, and make a couple phone calls each day.  Every now and then a video or listening to music occurs but not daily.  With that being said I am also very particular about background apps and services running so I usually don't allow GPS, Bluetooth, etc to run in the background all day.  Once a day I also go through the app manager and kill certain things that don't need to be run.  With all this I average about 25%-30% of battery life a day.You might think, 'oh that's stupid, I don't want to be so obsessive-compulsive about my phones processes every day' and I agree, I recommend people like that to get a motorola razr maxx hd or an iphone if that is their opinion.  But that is what android was made for, people who want complete control over every process and nuance of their phone so that's why I like it.Now onto the operating system.Touchwiz does add its own flavor to android, and this was my first samsung so I was concerned that I might not like it.  Overall this is what makes me give it 4 stars instead of 5.  It can be annoying sometimes with the cartoon like styling of app icons or senseless animations. But I like other parts of it like the motion contols, to have a reminder when I pick the phone up if I didn't hear it initially.Finally the hardware.I think the phone looks great, a 720p screen is more than enough for me, to think that someone wants a 1080p display on a 4-5" screen makes me laugh.  Sorry Hawkeye but you're full of it.  Everything looks crisp and vibrant, the processor keeps up (most of the time). What a lot of people don't realize is you need to shut your phone off every few days.  It's not like a computer, it IS a computer, and just like any other computer, the RAM will build up to the point where you have very little RAM left and the computer runs like a snail.  Same thing with this phone, look at it after 3 days on for how much RAM is being used, shut it down and look after its back on, I bet the RAM has gone from 850mb-1000mb down to 500mb.Overall the phone works great, I have great service on 4G, and have (knock on wood) not dropped the phone from more than 2 feet high.