I have this phone for about 5 months and it's been really great for me.  I use this phone to check emails, watch videos and take pictures.  My favorite thing about the phone is the camera (5.0 megapixel).  I've read mixed reviews about the quality of the pictures and video, but in my opinion it's pretty awesome.  As with any device, you need to know how it use it.  I did have to learn what the best situations for the camera to take pictures, but once I did that it has become my favorite thing to use on the phone.  Is it really a replacement?  No, but pretty darn close.Taking video on the phone is pretty cool too.  For a phone, it takes great video (30 fps) in great lighting without any lag time even when following moving objects.  I've compared the quality with the HTC Hero a friend of mine has and the N85 is def better.  Low lighting is a little bit different but the duel LED flash turns into a light source and is great for taking low light video from about 10 feet away.I don't have a data plan so wifi was a must for me since I also use it for emails and just simple web surfing tasks.  The best browser in my opinion is the Opera mini 5 beta which allows for tab browsing.  The Youtube app works pretty nice and is a life saver when my daughter needs a quick distraction.Other info to note is that this phone is feature packed.  It has an OLED screen which is super bright, FM transmitter, FM radio, wifi, GPS, TV out using 3.5m jack (included), Bluetooth 2.0 A2DP and music player.The GPS is pretty slow if you don't have a data plan for some reason and you have to pay for turn by turn (it's free for 3 months if you get the phone new).  The FM radio is pretty handy in the office and I didn't think that I'd be using it as much as I do. Bluetooth is a great funtion for file transfers if ever you need to share files with others too.Pos:1.  Camera2.  Wifi3.  MP3 player4.  FM transmitter5.  OLED Screen6.  Bluetooth file transferCons:1.  User interface is a bit slow at times2.  Activating the camera is sometimes slow3.  Is prone to crashing if you try to do too many tasks at once.4.  Uploading pictures to Flickr and Ovi is nice, but whenever I try to do it, it shuts the phone down.  (I've started using Shozu as a work around)5.  N-Gage is very buggy.I really have been pleased with this phone.  It still amazes people who see the pictures on my Facebook how good the pictures can turn out.