I wanted to switch my provider from ATT and still keep my number so here's what i did:1. I called up cingular and asked them if my number can be ported. the customer service rep was very eager to get my order and said he could have the phone(he also said he could match any price online) shipped with the number within 3 days, however, my plan wouldn't expire for a week, so i said i'll call them back.2. the day after my service was to expire i called Cingular again and asked for a new plan but this time the representative said that they do not match online prices, so i'd have to pay couple of hundred for the phone i could get for $25 here. So I asked her how i could get a phone online and still keep my number and she redirected me to another phone number.3.I called up the Tech service number that handles number portability and the guy adviced me to go ahead and order the phone on amazon and change the number when i receive the phone.he also asked me not to cancel my old provider till the porting process was done.4. I received the phone 5 days later and i activated it. I called the customer service number rightaway and asked them to have my number ported. the person warned me that there is a $35 service charge for changing numbers (which i was never informed about) and directed me to a different number.5. I made up my mind to pay the $35 and get the number changed but when the tech support guy answered the phone, he had a whole different story. He said that i can not change the number cause my phone has already been assigned a phone number. When i informed him about my conversation with a person from the same department he asked me for the number i called from and said that  the computer doesn't show any information regarding the conversation.After couple of arguments, he started implying that i was lying which pissed me off and i told him to cancel the phone.He said that I would be charged $170 for cancelling the contract 2 hours after i activated it under the false impression that i can have my old phone number.After an arguing for 30 more minutes, he finally agreed to cancel my contract without any charges.I moved to T-mobile since and i have a better phone and the same coverage as cingular.