The phone is cool to look at and thats about it!. The screen is a nice size but the picture quality is awful. The zoom feature is nice but the pictures are still grainy even when totally still and at close range.  What pisses me off the most is that you can not down load your pictures from the phone without buying even more crap from Motorola.  When I got the phone, right away I took a bunch of pictures. When I got home I tried to download them from the phone with no success (no, I didn't read the manual very well the first day!). After literally 4 hours of BS on the phone and internet with Motorola Hildago support, they finally told me I had to spend another $35+ for the "special software" to download pictures (they didn't even know this when I first called so I wasted 4 hrs for nothing). Oh, and you need "Their special cord" or it wont work.  I tried 4 other cords and sure enough, the phone wont even register that they are plugged in. Tried the special Motorola cord and the phone finds the cord here and there but not all of the time. The company says the phone is not broken as the charger cords work but after almost 8 more hours of support calls to their "tech support people", they still can't figure it out so the pictures are stuck in the stupid phone and thats where they'll stay!  (the bluetooth transfer also has problems that tech support can't figure out) Also, for the price of this phone, the over priced software should come as part of the package!!! My husband has the Treo and he can just plug his memory card into the card reader to retrieve pictures. No additional cost!!!!  The reception quality is also nothing near what my previous Motorola flip had!(yes it was old but worked so well I wouldn't trade it until it died). Also with the Razr, If you don't have your ear in just the right place, you wont really hear your caller! The speaker phone is worthless while driving as the smallest bit of road noise makes it so your caller can't hear you!Besides the cool looks, this phone has nothing special to offer!!!