Ok, so I like almost everything about this Samsung Galaxy Note "phablet" because I also have a Samsung Galaxy 10.1 tablet that I love, however, there are some exceptions that qualify as buyer's remorse for the Galaxy Note: 1-There is no external light to alert you to unopened messages. 2- While connected to Samsung's docking station it works great in daylight but, not smart enough to dim screen enough in the dark. You will not like this device on your nightstand...  Even adjusting to minimum screen dimming it lights up the entire room.  Dimming adjustment should be programmed to dim to zero and/or almost zero brightness. 3- Also while docked, there are no options as to what notification you get or not.  At night I would like to receive phone calls only and nothing else (no email, SMS, appointments, etc.).  Again, simple programming option could be written and included in updates to software. The only option is full silent. Maybe the programmers need to use a Blackberry for a week to get some good ideas in this area of in-out of protective cover and the automatic "bedtime mode" options while docked.  4- Do you want to watch a screenplay of your pictures and videos on your HDTV?  Forget it.  Even if you buy Samsung's own HDTV Smart Adaptor, it simply does not work.  You will have to upload media to your computer, watch it there, or transfer to a device that will work through a HDMI port on the TV.  Bottom line of this lack of functionality is a big disappointment if you plan to use the Galaxy Note to show presentations on any hotel A/V systems.  5- Also, there is no way to find/control your phone from the Internet.  The European model manual says that when you log on to your Samsung account and your Gmail account at the same time it automatically connects your PC and Galaxy Note.  US model does not. 6- The pen is cute and seems like a fun tool but, you handy work will crash if you attach as an MMS. It will attach to an email just fine. Also, if you touch the screen with your palm while handwriting over any of the bottom buttons, it will launch that button.  Again, programming should disable those buttons at the bottom while you are using the pen.  And, last for now, and the WORST:  Samsung support has not been helpful with any of the above.  They say simply that they do not have information coving the issues that I have.