I had the Nextel i730 for 8 months then i just couldnt take it anymore. To be honest the phone is a easy phone to get attached to. But recently i upgrade to the i850 and iam very very happy i did. The i730 is a phone / radio. The color screen is on par with all other free phones that are usually FREE. So basicly the screen is not impressive at all. The phone comes with features, but to be honest it took me about 2 months to figure out how to use all of them on,( NOT USER FRIENDLY AT ALL) and by that time i had lost faith in the phone itself. It's heavy, very heavy, and thick. On the good side, it' sorta stylish and its very durable, this is what i loved about it. I dropped the phone so many times and it has very little exterior damage. I look at this phone like, a army tank, versus my newer i850 which i just upgraded to, and thats more like a convertable BMW. The i850 is a phone that you just have to have a leather case on it, because it looks so good, that you dont wanna risk it gettings scratched, this on the other hand, there's no need to case it, because the exterior is that solid. I'm a 23 year old male out of atlanta ga. As far as reception, the calls on the i730 are very clear, the speaker phone is awesome, you can almost set the phone in one room and talk at a leisure tone on the other side of the room and the caller will hear you fine, which is cool. But to be honest i can only say this phone would fit someone who is not looking for alot bells and whistles, Not a person between the ages of 16-21, bad idea. This phone is for people who want a phone that can handle just about anything, ie construction worker. Another good thing about this phone is it'is nearly impossible to lose, due to its weight. When you have the i730 on the hip swivle thing, it feels like you've got a gun on ur hip, or a flash light, its that heavy. Plus with it being 2006 and all, this phone is getting very dated, by the end of the year this phone is going to be classified as a dinosaur. If you can get it for free, go for it, but if your paying money, trust me, dish out a few extra bucks and go with the i850, the i850 is the honest to god best cell phone ive ever owned, and ive had 15+ cells.