No question the best phone I have ever owned.  I wasn't out looking for the best looking phone on the market, the newest, or the one with the most features.  I just wanted a mobile platform that could read my OFFICE files, check my emails, and give me directions.  I have used this E71 in Papua New Guinea now for 6 months, and for 4 months in the States before that.  I have often connected my laptop to the internet through the phone via wifi hotspot software (available free).  I download my emails to it regularly.  Saves my life my regularly reminding me to take Malaria medication, as well as attend all my meetings.  I find the Nokia PC suite software difficult to use, and it always seems to mess up my outlook contacts, so I dont sinc the phone anymore.  I just drag and drop files from my laptop using the bluetooth interface.I have used the recording feature extensively to learn langauge here in PNG.  it works fine.  Takes good pictures... good enough for me to photograph a paragraph of text and email it.reception is good, but not as good as the iphone.  In the States, I lived on the edge of reception in the middle of nowhere.  i had to stand next to the window to get EDGE reception.  My friend with an older Iphone had absolutely no issues anywhere in the house.Speaker and microphone are excellent.  My wife wont use her phone anymore to call home.  She enjoys the clearer audio of this E71 when talking to family back in the states.I can open any email attachment (unlike the Iphone and others).Battery life is amazing.  I can use the phone for an hour or 2 a day for a week before charging.Its rugged, I have dropped it many times.Having an 8gb micro sd card lets me keep all the files i want on it.Wifi range is excellent.I had one issue with it not turning on.  I thought the phone had finally died after all the abuse it takes from me.  I immediately looged on to Amazon to buy another e71, but then I got the phone working by removing the battery, plugging the charger into the phone, and inserting the battery while holding the power button.  Worked!  I was so relieved to have my e71 back.  Absolutely no desire for a different phone.Note:  there arent all that many apps available for it.