I bought this as a temporary replacement for a much more expensive phone which died well before its time. Sad to say, this little phone has better call quality than the one it replaced. If you're looking for a calls-only, absolutely no-bells-and-whistles phone just for emergencies, you can wind up spending a lot more money for far worse phones than this one. It'll also fit into the watch pocket of your jeans, which for me was actually important.The one downside is that if you want to put a game on a phone to pass time on the bus or subway, you need to pick a different device. I went to the AT&T; site, found exactly three games I was told were compatible for this device, bought one, and then found out that it wasn't compatible at all - leading me to spend far more time with AT&T; customer service recovering the cost of the game than the time was worth. I let a more knowledgeable friend of mine mess around with the phone only to learn that there is apparently no game or app which this phone can host. As such, I repeat my earlier use of the phrase "NO bells and whistles" - you can't even BUY any for this device. Calls and texts, that's about all you can hope for (the phone does feature predictive texting).Features I really liked were that the phone has Spanish AND French language settings (I far too often see only Spanish offered as an alternative to English) and the fact that one of the default ringtones is the "classic ring" - which means that when it rings, it sounds like a real telephone instead of a high-tech torture device. This is a tremendous plus, because almost all of the other default tones are intolerable.One other thing: you can put pictures on the phone (note: it has no camera of its own) to use as wallpaper if you know how, but the screen quality is so low that if you're using a picture of Michelle Pfeiffer it may well come out looking like Joan Rivers. So not only can you not put a game on it, but it isn't even worth the trouble to try to personalize the phone at all.I give it three and a half stars, which I've rounded up to four, because it delivers a lot for pretty much the lowest price you can pay for a new cell phone these days. I'd have given it four and a half rounded up to five if I could have put so much as one lousy game on it.