Well this is my first time having a nextel.here's what i thought about the whole process:1. Amazon- i got a good deal on amazon. it was $170 with $150 back in mail in rebate. so it ends up costing me about 20 dollars instead of the 300 dollar retail price! they are also a really good company and quick to send the phone(i got the free shipping and it came 6 days instead of 8-10 days). no cmplaints.2. the i730-positives) nice phone. disco thing is cool. eally loud speaker phone, i can keep the phone on my belt clip and talk regularly and people can hear me fine! huge phone book. ok battery life it lasts about 3 days with adverage (30min-1hr.) talk time. there is ring tones that actually sing the song, so it isn't just the music it is the person singing the song, like a sound clip of the song.negatives) no real games. there are a few trial games but they cost 5-6 dollars for the full versions of the games. no text messaging!!! the bad thing is you can get text messages but you can't find out who sent it, and you can't respond (unless you pay an extra 10 dollars a month) so basically text messaging is useless!! the numbers that you dial show up too small with no spaces. for example most phones make the number you dial look like this:555-555-5555. but this phone just puts them like this:55555555555. which is really confusing! also there is no way to have vibrate and ring at the same time. you can set it to vibrate for 2 rings then ring for 2 rings. to download ringtones you need a connector cable to the computer with costs 30 dollars and according to a local nextel store they have been sold out for over 2 months. :(3. nextel company- there coverage is ok! nothing more nothing less. in buildings it is really hard to get a signal. especially new building because they have all this electrical interference. also nextel bills you for the month in advance which is fine but it was suprizing to open my bill and find out it was 113 dollars. 35 for the activation and 70 for the service 1 moth prorated bill and 1 month of full service. the 8 dollars or so in taxes. the direct connect thing is really cool. the other companies are starting to come out with it but it isn't as advanced as nextel's. thier customer service is quick and efficient. my plan is good too it is: 500 day minutes, free nights and weekends, and unlimited direct connect. overall this is a nice phone but could use some improvement. and so could nextel. i am satisfied with the phone for now but when my contract expires who knows...