I am very happy with this phone.  It does everything I need (except GPS) for a real bargain price!This phone is a GSM type (uses SIM card).  With tracfone, that means it is "Single Click."  That means, just 1 price even if you're roaming.  The other type of phone (CDMA) can pick up more towers so might have better reception but charges double for roaming.  Also, GSM tracfone phones are eligible for triple minutes, while CDMA can only get double.  My phone came with an AT&T; SIM.I paired my phone with my 2012 RAV4's Bluetooth, and it works seamlessly.  Very nice for this price.While the LG800G can't play Android apps, it does use Java apps.  I haven't tested extensively, but I was able to install and run Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit and Super Mario Planet.  They seem to run fine, although the touchscreen's virtual keypad is difficult to use quickly for gaming.  Google Maps wouldn't work because it needs GPS support, which this phone lacks.As for the title of my review, one can receive extra minutes beyond the 1200 that are included.  To do this, activate the phone on Tracfone's website.  DO NOT enter your PIN during activation (the PIN is included with the phone on a piece of 8.5 x 11 paper).  Tracfone will give you 60 days and 20 minutes free for activating the phone.  Browse the tracfone site to Airtime -> Pay As You Go.  This will bring you to the page where you buy additional minutes, but don't buy any.  Special promo codes are also displayed here.  With luck, you will see a code for extra minutes when you activate a 400 minutes, 1 year card (the included PIN is 400 minutes, tripled = 1200 minutes).  This works with the included PIN, so remember the code.Now click the Add Airtime button on the site and select Add Card Online.  Here, you enter the PIN that came with the phone and there is also a line to enter the promo code.  Complete the transaction, and you get the promo minutes on top of the  1200 plus the extra 20 minutes for activating.  Currently, the promo I see is for 200 minutes (there have been 250 minute promos in the past).  With this deal, you get 1420 minutes that are good for 425 days! (The 60 days for activating are added to the 365 days from your PIN).I can't guarantee that the promo will still be there when you activate your phone, but it's worth a try.Good luck and enjoy your new phone. I am!