I was debating whether to get the E71 or E72. From reading various reviews the E72 offered a much faster processor but the E71 was almost $100 cheaper and the reviews were very good. So I decided to buy the E71 over the E72 and save some money.So far, I am very happy with the E71.  The interface is very user friendly and most of the features are easily usable.  I like the feature where you calendar entries for the day and reminders/memos etc are displayed on the main screen so you kind of see them every time you look at the phone serving as a reminder of things to get done for the day.I had a lot of issues initially with the GPS navigation but after doing some research online I figured it out.  Basically, I have not signed up for the data plan since I used a pre-paid T-mobile sim card in this phone. Initially it used to take ages (30 minutes plus) to get a satellite signal. Then I went through various settings and disabled the positioning based on AGPS (which requires a data plan) and Blue Tooth leaving only the GPS and Network items checked. Now the phone picks up GPS signals in a few mins. I guess since I had the AGPS checked of, it was trying to position itself by connecting to the GPRS network of T-mobile. The software needs to be made smarter to give up after trying a couple of times and use just the internal GPS receiver for tracking the position.  Now that I have only GPS and Network based positioning enabled, it is working just fine. I have compared the directions given by Nokia OVI maps with the built-in GPS in my Honda Pilot and a Garmin unit and the directions are generally the same in all units. I have been using the GPS feature in this phone to navigate around New Jersey and it works fine. The other beauty of this navigation is that maps are free so if you plan to take a weekend trip to France, you can just download the maps for France and delete them after your trip. You need to install the Nokia OVI suite to download the maps. And when you are installing the maps to your phone better to connect with the USB cable than through blue tooth as it will take much longer to transfer map files through blue tooth connection.The calendar/reminder/memo feature is very easy to use. The thing that I noticed though was Nokia OVI suite doesn't have a build in calendar like the Nokia PC suite, I have in my older laptop. Hence you cannot view your calendar on your PC unless you have Microsoft Outlook installed.Overall, I am very happy with the phone. The Otter Box sleve that I ordered with the phone fits perfectly as well. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who wants a smart phone.