Soo, I had number one send to my son in college since his old one hat water damage .he liked it.When my samsung gave up I ordered the defy mini from joy cell through Amazon.Number two, it would not read the SIM card plus it was not new. It had still contacts from Great Britain in it. Send it back get a refund get a new one.Number three came. Yippee it reads the sim! But I cannot connect to the internet via the AT&T; network. I try to set the APN setting in the network setting, no go. Get an error message, " the process com.android.phone has stopped unexpectedly. Please try again,and again and again,get the theme here. The only option I have is a "force shutdown".  Than I have to restart the phone. Send it back, get a refund order another one. Must be a fluke lets order another one from another supplier. This time it's Breed.Number 4 arrives. Unpack, ok this is not the British version like the others, seems new, it reads the SIM, great, and a no go on the network access. Same try again issues with the APN settings. Breed included a 800 number for customer service, unfortunately it is not tech support but I got offered a replacement. Nope, let's call the offspring at college and see how he set his just to find out that his is doing the same thing but he does not care since there is wifi all over the campus. We'll I will keep mine too. Personally I do not really use the internet or any other online features, or let's say I can do without them.downloaded an offline nav app that works fine, going to cancel my data plan, saves me $20 a month plus I already purchased an Otter case I cannot send back. For someone who wants to use the features it's a drag."........................UPDATE"....."................. Had the phone for 9 days when it failed to boot. I switched it on in the morning  and the only thing it did was the animated red motorola dot. Took the battery out hoping it would reset from what ever was not working right. We'll it did not ,so number4 went back as well. No more motorola for me. I really liked the size and gorilla glass but".......... I thought my phones not working right was a fluke, but I guess my sons phone working ok is the fluke here.