No doubt, this is a solid business phone. It is easy to use, quick, it can edit office docs (even 2007/2010), read pdfs, email, wifi...everything the mobile professional needs.Did I mention that the battery literally lasts forever? The batter is unbelievable, lasts at least two full business days (calling with bluetooth, syncing to desktop with bluetooth, surfing web, youtube, emailing, sms-ing etc) and it still has battery to spare! I really can't believe it. It even recharges the entire battery from 1 bar to full in less than an hour! Ridiculous.The build quality of the phone is as amazing as everyone has said. It feels solid in the hand, yet is much lighter and a bit smaller than I expected. Very *sleek* very chic, stainless steel...the phone is sexy. Really. Just based on looks alone I would by the phone again. They don't make phones like this any more. Period. This is the best constructed mobile. Period.However, it is not a 5-star because of some glaring inefficiencies in the OS and UI. While it is intuitive and easy to use, it certainly feels dated. Sometimes even too dated, though never outdated. I would keep this phone to my grave if it had as sleek an OS as its outside case design. THAT SAID, that's me comparing it to an iPhone or Android phone. Compared to pre-2010 Blackberry OS, Palm, or (shudders) Windows Mobile (6 and below), this OS is certainly tops. So, I really can't be too harsh. This is a business phone after all, and compared to other business phones, it is 5 star. But because of so many Andriods out there, you can't help but rate it lower, that is reality.I guess to summarize: if you need a phone that can do internet, tether internet to your laptop natively (that app is built-in), wifi, lasts more than 2 all days with Bluetooth and work, syncs with Outlook and/or Google, does business while looking ridiculously sexy, and can do some fun stuff on the side, and you don't mind a UI that reminds of you the mid 2000s, then this is the number one phone of all time. If you are looking of an Android or iPhone, go buy an EVO or Droid, cause this is a no-nonsense, get work done phone.