Disclosure: I am an HP employee although I have nothing to do with HP Phones or hand-held devices. I bought this phone for my own use. This may have made me more persistent in seeking out things like the latest OS update but I think my review remains fair.I saw some of the same problems as other reviewers but after updating the OS from HP's website I really like this phone. The latest version improves the phone call volume (although I'd prefer it to still go a little louder). I think they also improved battery life although I never really had a problem with that as long as you don't leave things like wifi on all the time.I upgraded to this phone from a T-Mobile Dash and if you know the Dash then this is a vast improvement.It helps if you are more of a techy as you can find all kinds of good apps on the web - the YouTube player works great. If you already know and like Windows Mobile then you will certainly appreciate how well it runs on this device. In my case I am more interested in having a powerful PDA (with things like GPS and WiFi built in) than a whiz-bang phone but I think it does both well. The fact that is is unlocked is also good - I've used it on T-Mobile and AT&T; without any issues.My answer to some of the negative reviews:- Volume: Get the latest update for an improvement, and/or use a wired or bluetooth headset.- Battery: Avoid running wifi and turn off bluetooth if not being used, also put phone into standbay mode (press button on top). I have not had standby mode affect the receipt of calls - it wakes up fine when a call comes in.- Button press delays: I get this only when pressing numbers during a call, e.g. to join a conference bridge line - odd but not a big deal to me- Keypad vs. Stylus: I've not found anything I am forced to use the stylus for - there are keyboard alternatives, the spin wheel etc. but I do bring out the stylus from time to time as I think it is quicker.- Touching face setting off buttons: There are WinMob programs out there that will disable the touchscreen while on a call automatically to prevent accidental option selections when the phone is at your ear. For me I just press the button on the top of the phone after I answer a call - it puts the PDA and screen in standby but the phone keeps operating - if you need to use the touch screen during the call then you press the button again to wake it up - without interrupting the call.