I've had this phone for about 2 weeks now. I bought it new and unlocked online  through Amazon's Marketplace for about $235 (excl. s&h;) but saw it on Ebay for $155 and I just thought, "Ugh. I could've had such a better deal". But anyway, before I bought the phone, as a "gadget freak", I've done a lot of reviews on it. Let's start with the phone's PROs and CONs.PROs:1) I love the front design and colors of the phone.2) The 176x220 display is absolutely beautiful! (unlike the Samsung E-105 phone that I had before).3) The speakerphone is very clear, but I wish it could be somewhat louder.4) The voice dialing option is quite useful, even though it tends not to work around noisy areas.5) The camera's pretty good since you can't really expect a "high-tech 2mp+ digicam" out of a cell phone (maybe in a couple of years, but not now).6) The mp3/polyphonic ringtones come out very true and not so "muffled" if you know what I mean.CONS:1) The loudspeaker and speaker overall could be louder.2) It would be so much nicer if the speaker isn't located in the back of the phone because once you put it down, the volume isn't as loud (that's why you should place it down on the front instead of on the back).3) It would be nice to use the speakerphone whenever like for a example, when playing a voice recording.There are a lot of "would'ves" and "could'ves" and "what ifs" but you can't and shouldn't expect a phone to be perfect.If you were to compare the v400 with the v600, then there really isn't much of a difference besides the "external blinking lights" to tell you which group the person calling you is in. Big deal. It's just a flashy addition to the caller ID option - mainly to "show off". Also, the v600 and the v400 are about the same size - same for its memory capacity. If you're thinking about buying a V600 retail, then you're better off buying the v400 and saving the extra $100 for something else.Lastly, I'd recommend signing up with 3GUPLOAD.COM for ringtones and downloads. It's only $10 for unlimited downloads a year and you can always share the account with friends that have the same phone (or display resolution) as you! As for free downloads, you can try MY-JUJU.COM even though there isn't as much to choose from compared to 3GUPLOAD.COM.