Bought Nokia N8 for my wife and we are really happy about the purchase. Originally we were planning to buy iPhone however purchased N8 due to good deal. After using it for more than a month, we absolutely love this phone and do not repent for iPhone or any other Android high end phone.This is simply a great phone.Pros:  > Maps : Doesn't need a data plan or mobile signal. With latest OVI maps, you can download (using wifi may be) the maps for any state, and use the map anywhere even without data plan or signal. This is like a full fledged GPS which doesn't require a data connection to operate (Unlike most other smart phones).  > Camera : 12 MP camera is amazing. Picture quality is crisp and easy to operate. Video quality is very good. It also has an editor for pictures as well as video. For most of the occasions, you won't be needing a separate digital camera.  > Touch screen : We love the touch screen. Very very smooth. Compared with iPhone of my fried for Angry Bird game. No difference observed.  > Mini HDMI port : This is again very useful. Just plug your Nokia phone to your TV and watch pics, videos and stuff.  > Sound quality : audio/video sound quality is impressively clear and loud.  > Phone speed : Never felt slowness or hanging phone even with multiple apps running.Cons:  > Symbion OS - the only limitation can be OS which is a bit less intuitive for navigation though it's just matter of getting used to it. After some use, it's pretty smooth.I am personally a blackberry user for couple years and prefer a phone with keyboard (which I felt missing even with N8 :) but that's a different story and subjective to me. Please note that I have owned Nokia E63/E72 which do have keyboard). With this in back-ground, overall we are extremely impressed and satisfied with this phone and love it. We have used iPhone and Android phones and even shown this to a few iPhone crazy friends. They put critical comments that N8 doesn't do this when you touch here and doesn't do that when you touch there, blah blah :) As a final comments, if you are not iPhone name crazy, you will never be disappointed with this phone and admire it.