*****As of 7/30/13, Amazon has JACKED UP the price of this phone 29.99.  Every order I've ever made from Amazon.com that offered free shipping gets its price jacked up within a week.  Guess amazon has gotta raise the price since so many people purchased at 19.99 and got free shipping.  THUMBS DOWN FOR AMAZON on this.  DO NOT ORDER THIS PHONE @ 29.99.  Amazon will lower it again sooner or later.I am not sure why all the negative reviews of this phone.....just got mine today, and I'm very pleased.  Previously, I had a Net10 Samsung Flip Phone, which has a measly 1.5 inch screen. It was good for calls, not much of anything else, although it did have a basic camera.Then I run upon this S390G I first saw at the Dollar General Store(for $40), so I went looking, and wow, Amazon had it on TRACFONE and for $19.99.  What sweetens the deal on this phone is that it gets triple minutes when you add a refill, so basically, I got 360 minutes for $28 (slightly better than AT&T;'s 10 cent/minute), but get this, my expiration date is 12/23/13.the phone had 20 minutes on after I activated it ending in 60 days.  adding the refill extended the airtime expiration ANOTHER 90 days, so my airtime lasts 5 months (150 days)--versus AT&T;'s 90 days, and net10's $30 for 300mins/30 days).  I just use this phone for emergencies and talk while not at home--infrequent.  I love the value in the plan and cost of the phone.Yeah, the phone has a few quirks, but you get used to them.  the space bar/period is annoying, until you push it on the left end.  I got wi-fi setup in 3 minutes (not sure why all these other folks say it doesn't work).  HECK, I can even access ebay, facebook, and amazon, as well as weather on the browser. (on wi-fi)Haven't had the 911 calls happen yet.The screen definately is bigger and the resolution is better than the Samsung Flip Phone.I haven't figured how to access the contacts quickly without going into 3 menus. (loved the samsung flip phone...just hit the down arrow, and there were all the contacts).The "trackpad" is quite sensitive, but you get used to it.All in all, good, cheap phone. Runs on AT&T; here, good reception.