I'm not ready to take on the monthly charges for a smartphone plan, so I still rely on a feature phone for voice, text, mp3 audio (mostly to listen to podcasts while commuting--I swear by a dedicated mp3 player for runs and longer drives), and occasional mobile web stuff.Good things:The email synching works really well. I hadn't had this option before with my old LG phone, and it's really nice to have these notifications delivered.The Blackberry-like touch-slider is fine, if a little twitchy. [actually, it's worse than that... see below.]Text and voice operation are all intuitive enough.Contrary to what some have reported, I've never had any issues with accidentally dialing 911, I have to assume Samsung's fixed that now.the wi-fi is handy, saves me minutes when I'm home.Now the bad:The mp3 player. I swear, I really wonder if the firmware designers have ever actually listened to audio when they design this stuff--my old LG was pretty terrible, and this one, while a bit better organized, has teeny-tiny control icons (RW, Play, FF) that are very easy to slip past when you used the slider control, and unfortunately that's the only way to get to it. Also, there's STILL no way to bookmark your place on a long podcast, and it tends to forget where you are if you stop the audio and come back. This is tolerable at best.Apps. I'm having trouble getting any PC to recognize the internal memory, so I haven't been able to copy .jar files to the phone. I guess I'll figure that out one day, and I'm not dying to have a whole lot of crummy little mobile apps aboard, but Facebook would be nice. (I can live without it for now.)I know I won't have this phone real long, probably another year of holding out and hoping that smartphone plans and hardware get a little more competitive. For now this feature phone will suffice.[UPDATE]Navigating through the menus, combined with a very slow response to routine stuff like an mp3 or message listing, via its touch-sensitive pointer, is proving a more serious frustration than I'd thought it would be. Can't really recommend this at all--I'm sure there are better feature phones out there for a similar price.