Overall, the OS is ok.  However, I have some MAJOR complaints and dissatisfaction about the Bluetooth feature1.) the Bluetooth feature DO NOT support pairing with other device(phone) or computer.  WTH?  even my 2008 Window Mobile phone support it.2.) Bluetooth feature ONLY support pair with COMPATIBLE headset.[...]3.) the compatible headset list is very short.  my Kensington headset does not work, so are some of my newer motorola headset.  WTH.I guess, Windows Mobile's compatibility still better than webOS .BT transfer is such an useful tool, how can they let this feature slip away?  Also, I confirmed that with Palm tech support.  It is true for the Palm Pre 2 also!!Update: Ok. I also found out that you cannot delete downloaded or transfer file on the device itself.  You have to use USB cable to connect to computer, THEN delete the file!  There is no "window explorer" or anything similar to go the the proper file directory to delete the file.  WTH!?!!!  even BB and Windows mobile 5 and 6 can do it back in 2007.  Can Palm do any better?Update #2: Somehow my hotspot didn't work anymore.  The only thing that I hadn't done is hard-resting.  On the Backup menu, it stated that "Your data is backup automatically every day."  So, I took it that it really does that.  However, I am SO wrong about it.  It is NOT.  I hard reset per VZ representative instructed.  Yes, I got the hotspot working again.  However, the data is not backed up!!  I am talking just the contact info, not even the memo and txt.  And the phone becomes not as responsive and sometimes freeze after this hard reset.  horrible.Update #3:  After using the phone for 6 months now, I realize the battery life starts to give.  I am a very light phone and internet user, may be only get online for 15-30 min, and talk 30-45 min per day.  The battery will last only 8-12 hours, sometimes even less.  When it was new, it was at least 12 to 18 hours.Update #4:  This is the 7th month of experience.  The phone has become very laggy and even "temporary freeze" randomly.  The message "too many cards have been open" become more frequent.  I have to do restart the phone every time.  Another thing is that I think the is a "bug" when receiving CJK txt messages.  First, the phone doesn't support CJK (Chinese Japanes Korean) language on TXT meg.  However, view CJK web site has no problem.  Anyway, the main problem here is that, when any CJK txt message is reviewed.  The phone will randomly restart.  Until I delete those CJK message.  the restarting problem is cured.