I have been using smart phones for the better part of 15 years. Started with a Nokia 9000 and went though the windows mobile and windows CE and the rise of HTC. I have been a dedicate iPhone user from 07 to my current iPhone 4 . I also have been using Android mostly Gingerbread and soon ice-cream sandwich on an Atrix-4G. To my latest addition a new Windows Mobile HTC Titan.So with this pile of smartphones on my desk I still prefer the Nokia N8.Here are some reasons why:1) It's built like a tank. Seriously it's my 1 year old son's favorite toy and it does not have a scratch or a dent on it.2) it's an amazing camera.3) it's the best phone I have used in a while. It has better signal strength and great voice quality and volume. People have noticed when I am using my other phones.4) The Nokia navigation app is one of the better ones.  I would says it's on par with Navigon for iOS and it's free.5) Nokia seems to be taking care of it's customers.. This phone was released back at the end of 2010! it's an old phone. Yet I have received two major OS updates to this phone.  Anna, and Belle and will soon get MS mobile office suite all for free from Nokia.6) Works well in a Microsoft environment. There is a lync client and MS communicator, full exchange support and soon the complete MS Mobile office.Now some of the issues:1) It's not an iPhone.. and it never will be.. If you want a cheap iPhone get a refurbished one.2) The keyboard is not smooth as an iPhone.3) You might not have all the apps you want. Most of them are there but don't expect to be updated as fast as Android or iOS will be.4) Opera and the Web app work well but do act up on certain pages. Here is my synopsis, if you want to have a amazing camera and very good phone that is rugged. And, you use mostly contacts and calendar by all means have a look at this phone. If want to have all the latest apps, with all the best of the best social networking integration. I would look in to iPhone,Windows mobile and Android in that order.