Before I review the phone, I would like to address the bait and switch that seems to be going on.  I purchased this phone from a vendor that was fulfilled by Amazon, thinking I should be able to trust that vendor.  Not so.  Mobile Brothers advertised it as an unlocked international with a quad core processor.  The protective sticker on the screen even said quad core.  However, it was the AT&T; dual core version.  As always, Amazon was great.  Knowing I need a phone, they issued a refund and gave me 30 days to send the crap I bought back.  I then did some research, and found a vendor who had an actual telephone number and had a chat with them.  Their offering was not prime eligible but after speaking to the gentleman, and being assured that what I was getting was advertised, I took a chance.  Phone arrived in 4 days, and one of those days was Thanksgiving.  I opened the box, fired it up and it is indeed, the international version with quad core and FM radio feature.  Neither one of these are available for the US models.  Only dual core and no radio.  If you are considering purchasing this phone, ThePowerSellers will not rip you off.  Great vendor!Now the phone.  I have seen some people claim it's a cheaper version because it's the international version.  I have no idea what they're on.  I have a friend with a US version and quality is just as good.  Even better, as the international version has more features than the US version.  It boots up in 22 seconds. (I just timed it)  Has more features than I've even discovered yet.  S-Voice is a great tool.  You can control most of the phone's features, make calls, and send text messages by voice.  There is a whole slew of gestures you can enable.  The camera is amazing for a phone camera.I can't say a lot more as I haven't had it long enough to explore all the features myself.  This is a great phone so far.  I don't know what the longevity will be, but then you don't really know that with any electronic device, so only time will tell there.**UPDATE 12/4/2013  I have received an email from Mobile Brothers stating that they did not sell the wrong item intentionally.  They seem pretty sincere and due to a couple facts I believe them.  The box was factory sealed, as best as I can tell.  The protective sticker, as I stated before said Quad Core.  It also states quad core on the back of the box.  It would almost seem that the fault lies with Samnsung itself.  While I know that some vendors are dishonest, I would like to think the majority of them ARE honest. So I will change the feedback I left for Mobile Brothers accordingly.  And my apologies for any trouble I might have caused them as it would seem they sold the item in good faith.