We got this phone when it first came out many months ago (really for my teenage daughter).  The immediate problem I had with this phone was when I went to hold it (hands free) between my ear and shoulder it was extremely difficult and uncomfortable.  You really couldn't used the phone that way for long without suffering a crick in your neck.  I know the old adage about not being too thin but if you are accustomed to propping the phone without an ear piece then you are likely going to be miserable with this phone and shouldn't buy it.  No wonder the phone manufacturer is pushing and bundling the bluetooth earpiece attachment because without it, forget it.  I also have some trouble using to the buttons for dialing the numbers since they are so flat and feel different that you are not sure you are hitting the number unless you watch the numbers appear in the window as you punch them.  There is also just the slightly longer pause let's say from the time you end or clear the last call and the time it takes for the phone to be ready to make the next one; if you start dialing the next call right away you may often find that the first number or two you pushed in the phone number didn't fully register so you need to start over the process of dialing the number again.  If you're used to quick, reliabile dialing it can be another aggravating aspect of using this phone.  Other than all that - it is a beautfiul, sleek, and sophisticated looking phone.  It feels slick and sleek in your hand, not like most phones. It is also a really good size.  I see many men especially having to go see-sawing the head from the ear to the speaker because some these new phones are so compact and tiny.  Size length is really the best on this phone above most all others and should be the industry standard for ease of hearing and speaking.  If you can deal with the problem of the "thinness" interfering with hands free use then I recommend the phone.  I have had no problems with connectivity with this phone thru T-Mobile.