I am not a fan of iPhone/androids/windows. I am a common phone user who likes technology.S3 has bunch of awesome features. everything has already been told but few things i found after 3 weeks of use...Very high end phone. screen is crystal clear, better than iPhone 5 (don't go with c-net review for screen they got that wrong).-down side is voice mail - if you have multiple voice-mails. You have to go through one after the other unlike iPhone where u can choose which one u wanna listen. (when u r used to iphone for so many years, its really a pain)-poor customer service of Samsung unless u take insurance from your phone provider.(Apple has been great in customer service. if you go to the store, they don't even ask u many question about your insurance if they think the phone is not working. they will exchange it right away. you don't have that option with Samsung).- Battery sucks and it is not as great as they say. its works for me though.-not a mommy/daddy phone unlike iPhone. my dad was never able to get used to it.I like gadgets and used iPhone for 3 years and looking for a change. I totally like my new S3. it needs some getting used to as like with any new gadget or software.Still waiting on Jelly bean update.Update 1/22/13Down from 4 stars to 3Notifications, email interface, ending a call to take an other call are BAD.the email interface is not impressive. some times my emails don't get sent and there is no notification about what happens to them. they just disappear in thin air.when i get a call while talking on phone, when i answer the second call, the first call is not disconnected automatically, and when i try to disconnect it, then both the calls get disconnected. that sucks especially when u have to call some one else or do a conference.Notification system sucks and few apps seem to be spam, where in my phone starts acting weird if i have those apps on my phone.no option of search for "on phone" apps on ur phone, as in, if you have 100 apps on ur phone. u have to search each page to find the app u r looking for. u cannot search for it and find it and click it.may be my problems are more with the software but still the software is in the phone.Update 5/5/2013 now 3 to 2 starsBattery is getting worse, i had to buy another battery and still have to carry charger where ever i go... last of my samsungs