Surely you have read all reviews about this phone (GsmArena, PhoneArena, etc).I want to emphatize just a few aspects that could help you decide:1- I was looking for a state-of-the-art cell (touch), but size is very important to me: I don't like iPhone or Galaxy-S size. I need to put my cell in my pocket, and operate it with just one hand;  that's the first reason to buy Nokia C6-01;2- Quality: there is no people that could give you an opinion against the very good quality of this phone;3- Symbian is TOTALLY customizable: I understand Android could give you a very "update able" impression, but Symbian is too.4- I am a middle-age professional (44). Big hands, lot of work, very internet-dependent (for work), and travelling a lot by airplane. I need a cell phone to get email mainly through wifi networks, but I really do not have too much social-related activity (Tweeter, Facebook, and so), so I doubted when reading a lot of reviews referring to this aspects. I can tell you that customization is total: you can decide to put every icon related to screens as you want. I've cleaned my screens and setup the icons I needed.5- Connectivity in this cell is absolutly easy and user-controlable.6- Installing Ovi Apps is an easy and error-free process. I've installed Opera Mobile (it works like a rock!), Skype, a better calculator, QR barcode reader, etc.7- I've setting up my Hotmail account and a Gmail-corporate account without any problem: they are living in my cell exactly in the way they should be: each inbox separated from the other, and syncronizing just when I want (over wify or data operator link).8- Camera is VERY good. Of course it is not a full Nikon with a telex, but the photos are great for such a device;9-Windows application to manage the phone is great. It works like a charm, easy installation, and very high quality presentation. I can control every aspect of the cellphone (You can even type and read sms in real-time using this app, provided your C6-01 is connected through usb cable !), do backups of your data, contacts, messages, and so.10- It is beautiful and very stylish. I've bought the silver one (it's very metallic: not "plastic-metallic"). Screen is REAL black, and touch operation is perfect.So, I'm very happy with this purchase.I hope this help you.