I bought two of these and my husband and I both wish we had different phones.  They feel kind of cheap, they are very lightweight.  I think the most annoying thing about them is that the picture messaging does not work (I know you run that risk with unlocked phones) and that when you are on a call in your voicemail you have to push the call button to get out of the screen and then the back button to return to the screen to pull up the keypad to delete or save the message you just listened to.  The bottom of the screen shows a keypad button for you to touch but you can't do so unless you go back and forth.  More than once in going back and forth I have initiated a second call to voicemail (because I have to push the call button to go forward).  It becomes very annoying.  Also when you turn off the phone it resets everything in the phone.  If you have customized your toolbar that pulls out from the side of the screen it is reset, all your alarms are reset including the call volume.  Twice I have had the volume reset itself on the alarm and I have turned the alarm on the night before and had it go off in the morning (at volume 1) and then not woken up.  The alarm does not continue to go off until you shut it off it just stops on its own so if you miss it the first time you are out of luck.  There are many little quirks with this phone that I just don't like.  My husband had his in his pocket at the beach and he was standing in the water and a wave got him somewhat wet.  Not soaking wet, just damp.  The phone stopped working.  I took it apart and the little water tabs that turn red when it gets wet were not even wet enough to turn red.  There was no visible water in the phone, yet it won't turn on.  I dropped my LG in a glass of water, totally submerged, and I dried it out and continued to use it for another year.  This phone is just not well made and the little quirks are annoying.  We will both be getting new phones.UPDATE:  Do NOT buy this phone.  I contacted Amazon on the one that died and they directed me to the manufacturer and gave me Samsung's number.  I called and Samsung informed me that this phone was manufactured in the UK and that I would have to call overseas to the UK to report the problem to them and have them help me.  Why is that if this is the US version as Amazon advertises it???  I will update again on my luck with the UK version of Samsung....