My wife and I have both been on Tracfones for a couple of years now- no landline, no smartphones.  The value was good even when we called family alot, but now we mostly use it to locate each other around town or call someone to let them know we're on the way.We have double minutes on both of our phones which doubled a 1500 to a 3000 minute year long card.  With 8 days left, I still have 1700 minutes hanging around, so I just wanted a year card with no minutes.  This card is the closest to it.  I could do the six dollar a month add 30 days and no minutes plan, but at 85 dollars, I'm basically paying 13 dollars more for 800 minutes in addition to the year of time, so..,Tracfone customer service is excellent, which was good because the phones out of the box aren't always 100 percent.  We had to call tracfone to have them help get the internet functionality setup on each of our phones- the person in India spoke english better than I do as they read off half a dozen 20-digit codes needed to enable the internet functionality on our respective phones.  Also you can only add email addresses to contacts saved on the phone memory I think - if you try to save contact on the sim card, it only allows for phone and maybe fax number or something.  Data cable is impossible to find, but we were able to email the pictures we took.  They're not the best quality on a computer screen, but fuzzy in a 1980's photography way on a 5 x 8 print.  We have a Canon SD3500IS for taking the best (amateur-level :)) pictures and video, but the tracfone paid for itself a hundred times over at the scene of a moderate fender bender we had.As a PS Samsung T301G is the only tracfone cell phone worth buying.  The others are refurbished, and the LG600something disconnects itself whenever it touches your face- its survivable but annoying as heck.  Tracfone had pulled the Samsung phone, but they put it back a few days after I wrote a crazy mad email demanding that model. :)PPS> My father has Net10 and says they're a nightmare.  Go Tracfone.