This cell phone is terrible in every regard.First off, its antennae is terrible.  I have not experienced such terrible reception with any cell phone before like this one.  The phone I needed to replace never had anything less than the full 4 bars where I live, and never any reception problems.  I am lucky if I can obtain service 60% of the time with the LG420G.  Not only at my home, but wherever I travel the reception is horrible.  My previous phone, the LG220CM and this LG420G both use the Verizon network.  With the 220, I knew of only one deadspot.  With the LG420, I know of dozens, and entire lengths of road and some towns where I have no reception.  Even when sending a text message, you can have two bars while writing it, then loose reception while its sending.The phone will not auto-send failed messages.  The user must cancel the message manually, then manually resend it.The menu navigation buttons seems more appropriate for a $10 phone.  There is NO tactile recognition of where your thumb is, and not even a backlight over the up/down/left/right buttons.  In the dark, you are guessing what button you will press.  There is no bump or raised enter button, or anything to help your finger know where it is.  Its pathetic.Text messaging is terrible.  For instance, when entering a "1", the user must tap the "1" button 7 (seven) times.  It does not enter the number one, as every other button will enter its number on the 4th or 5th press.  There is no way to turn off the special characters, at least that I can tell.  So if you miss a letter, you are not cycling through 4-5 characters, you cycle through 6-9 characters.The calendar display is a joke.  There is no way to start the day of the week to be a Sunday.  It is permanently set on a Monday.The camera is also bad.  To do a simple zoom, you have to click through some buttons, then dclick again for zooming, if you go to change a setting and need to change your zoom again, you have to repeat the process.  Competent camera-phones just use the volume buttons for zooming, not this piece of garbage.I am shocked that this is an LG phone.  I used to equate quality with LG.  Not anymore.EDIT:  You can get teh calendar to start on a Sunday instead of its default Monday - but NOT from the calendar application, you have to go to a separate menu item.Now, as messages are stored on my phone, I usually do not get any icon displays for new messages.  And when I flip open the phone, an alert is no longer displays (60% of the time) that I have a new message.