Being a diehard Nokia fan, I had made my mind to buy my third nokia. Esp after this incident:My earlier nokia 6610 spent 45 minutes with me in a pool, before I realized its presence in my pocket. Well, I dried it in sunlight and then with a hair-dryer, cleaned the copper connectors (to remove the oxidation products) with after-shave and it works w/o any problem. Kudos to Nokia..!!Coming back to 6682, I have this phone for about 5 days now and have explored most of its features by now. Here are my views:Looks: Impressive and very smooth.Size: Not too big. Comparable to other phones with similar features available now. Foam/leather cover with belt clip is a good option to have (Caution: Dont buy the plastic clip from Amazon, its terrible). You would certainly love to show this kool phone to others :)Basic Features: Signal strength, battery life- really good  Display - Awesomely brilliant. Includes LED to detect the surrounding light and adjust the display.  Speakerphone - Very good, Mic can catch my voice from across the room.  Menu - Easy to explore. Might take a day or two to get used to.Kool Features:Camera - 1.3 MP, good quality. Flash-OK. Camera options include self timer for 10,20, 30 seconds, high-speed sequence mode, night mode and brightness, color, contrast adjustments. (thats a sure +)Editing: Photo n video editing....wowSpeakerphone - Excellent volume n quality to play mp3s n videos mp4, rm.Documents - Can view word, excel, powerpoint n pdfs. Can edit them if you buy authorization code for the QuickOffice software online for $15.OS: Sometimes goes slow depending on the applications running. Otherwise Ok for general use.Internet: Good quality (I m using the basic one )Recorder: Excellent audio recorder and voice commands. Dont know the video recording capability nowConnectivity: Bluetooth - standard  Cable - With included USB cable connects to PC and then you can simply copy-paste the documents, images, songs etc.Memory - RS MMC, (1 GB card is abt $30 on amazon..pretty ok)COST- IT IS FREE (r u kidding me..???)Thoughts: If you are really really used to small phone, then it might feel very big initially.I cant comment on the internet download speed etc as I do not have a high speed data plan. Normal Media/Browser runs OK.Update after 10 weeks: 1. Pictures with flash in a low light place like restaurant might come out a bit grainy.2. RS-MMC memory is hard to find except at Amazon, that too occassionally.3. You cannot assign tones to different callers.Update after 7 months:1. You can assign separate tones for callers alongwith their pictures.2. You can record video with sound.3. Once Synched with Outlook (even w/o data plan), this phone is great to keep your emails and calendar updated!