I am an android fan, I had an Apple iPhone 3G, then moved to Android on the Galaxy S2 and then to the Galaxy Nexus. All of these are considered "premium" phones and all cost over $200. I say that because the Pantech Flex cost me $0.99 on contract with ATT.My mother in law is on my family plan and she for the past few years has had an old nokia stick phone. She's loved it but it was in need of replacement. We looked at flip phones, they were at best $20 so when I saw this for less then $1 I questioned it. But while at the store she played with it and I pulled out my nexus and started to search for reviews and everyone seemed to like it! Sure it's not some super powered phone with the latest and greatest specs, but for an entry level device it is really great. The speed of the phone is quick. No noticeable lag when moving between home screens, starting apps, etc. The Pantech skin isn't my favorite, but they have an "easy mode" which is cool which makes the entry into smart phones that much easier so it's great. If you don't want easy mode, turn it off and you are face with still some heavy customization.Being a geek the first thing I did when we got the phone was went in and did a factory reset to make sure it was as stock as Pantech allows. I was surprised at how many of the customization were gone after the reset, it was more android like.My mother in law has become a pretty good user at android after the first 24 hours. She can move screens, is downloading apps, playing games. She's mastered the facebook app it appears and really seems to be enjoying it.This phone may not be for the super fan, those wanting the latest and greatest. But for non-geeks this phone actually is pretty impressive and easy to use. I would recommend it over spending $50-$300 for a phone for someone that just needs the basic smart phone with good specs. If you were doing heavy duty gaming then you probably want a higher end phone, but for the average user this is actually perfect. I'm impressed.