Battery, and Siri. Lets do this...SiriThe big fuss about the upgraded version of the iPhone 4, a personal assistant with a cleaver attitude and a way of making things easier in everyday life. Siri has made a huge impact on the iPhone family. Although, is Siri really worth being the focal point for upgrading from your previous iPhone 4? My answer, is no. Siri is helpful to have at hand, but it has its stubborn moments. Like asking it to play a song and having it reply "Playing songs by The Cab", then not playing a thing. Or when you need directions the most, its not able to take any requests at that time. What really bugs me the most is its understanding of what your saying. When I told Siri to play songs by the artist "Anberlin" in my library, it doesnt understand what im saying because the word "Anberlin", simply doesnt make sense and its not in the dictionary. Which is understandable, but very frustrating if you want it to play music from complicated Artist names and your kinda tied to manually select the music.. On other standards (setting reminders, alarms, searching internet, ect.) it understands you about 85% of the time. Which is great, but annoying when it thinks your saying something completely different then what you intended for Siri to understand. The positive things about having Siri are much more powerful then the negatives. It has a sense of humor, makes simple things easier to accomplish, and makes your lazy moments stay lazy. Siri seems to be whats known as being in its "Beta" stage. Thanks to over the air updates, it can only get better and better. Siri is certainly a start to more productive Apple devices and it's a pleasure to have.BatteryYou will read this in almost every iPhone 4s review. The battery, isnt impressive by one bit. Its likely that the 4s will be back on the charger after regular use throughout the day. If your not using it frequently, it will save you some juice. The problem is, when is it ever easy to put this thing down? If your constantly txt messaging, browsing, watching videos, its just going to drain. Fortionaly, the iphone charges back up very fast. The battery itself is possibly worth a small amount of complaining, but ive certainly dealt with worse. In the end, it shouldn't affect your over all purchase of the Phone.