I have been using Nokia and only Nokia since 1999 and the only dissapointment I have ever had was the Nokia N97. However, I think Nokia redeemed itself with this new device. The screen is like something I have never seen, the devices works super fast, the weight is unbelievable for such a big screen, and although I must say I was impressed with MAEMO's operating system, until they don't really work that one out, I think this new Symbian is a great option.The only thing that really socked me was to fnd out that the device has no battery, not a removable one, its battery is internal so because it is still new i still haven't had the need to get the battery out, however if your device gets freezed, just press the turn off button for like ten seconds and it will reboot itself. On the positive side, this is exactly what makes this phone so light in weight. I bought mine in silver, I think it just gives it more elegance and style. I must say I have dropped the phone a few times because I still don't get used to having such a thing light device, so you might want to be extra carefull and buy a case. This is the first time that I ever use an only virtual keyboard phone, but the keyboard is so great and easy to use, that after three days I am using it like a pro. The OVI Maps are fast, exact and functional. This phone is very proffessional, unlike the Androids and other brands, that are made for the games obsessed, etc. This is a phone made for people whose needs go beyond games, applications, etc. It works well as a gps device, organizer, social networking, storing microsoft documents, getting awesome pictures, fast internet, and the possibility of using it around the world for its wide range of communication bands. So if you are an executive who travels a lot this is your phone!.I can't say how great the pictures are on this phone. You really don't need a camera for your trips so that is a PLUS that no other phones have.I totally recommend this device, once you get and OVI account there's just not enough of the things you will be able to do and get on your phone.