I had a Samsung Transform Ultra that recently has been freezing up, randomly shutting off, among other problems. I originally wanted the Samsung S2 through boost, but balked at the price of it. Looked at the reviews for the Venice here as well as on Boost mobile and I was sold on it. I ordered the phone Monday(2/11/13) with the Super Saver shipping option and I received it today)2/14/13)!! Didn't expect to get this until next week.I haven't activated the phone yet, will do so tomorrow. I did connect it to the wifi in my house and it works great. Apps load quickly, games play smoothly with no lagging issues. The volume on this phone is nice and loud. Just about every other phone I have owned has had low volume issues. Not this one! The touch screen is nice and smooth. I love the screen size and the clarity of it.I really enjoy the Quick Memo feature. This allows you to take a screenshot of your phone, an option to add a handwritten note(using your finger on the touch screen) and then saves it in your gallery. This allows you to share the shot via text messaging, facebook and more.Definitely a must buy. Can't beat the low price. A much better deal than you can get directly from Boost. I'm glad I got this when I did as I see that it is out of stock now.Overall, in just the day I have had this phone, I am extremely please with it. I will update with more details once I get the phone activated.Update 2/16/13I activated the phone yesterday online which took less than 2 minutes. The clarity of phone calls is great, and the volume can get nice and loud when needed. Texting works great--nice and fast. The camera is pretty darn amazing--pics are taken just about instantly, no waiting like my other phone. I would definitely recommend this to someone who wants a great quality phone for a reasonable price.  The battery keeps its charge for a decent time--when using it yesterday, I had it fully charged by mid afternoon and it lasted all night, with it needing a charge by late morning, and that is with using different apps.If you plan on downloading a lot of apps, I would suggest upgrading to a larger memory card as the 2gb card in the phone can get filled up quite quick. I have a 16gb card installed now and should last quite awhile.