This has been a disappointing and frustrating experience. The gist of the matter is that this phone is not what i took to be advertised on Amazon by Worldwide Distributors. I assumed it to be a Unlocked android device which is updated by Google, like other "Nexus" devices.When the phone arrived i noticed that the box itself was not sealed the battery was in its plastic pouch which was crumpled and was already opened. When i booted up the phone it did not ask me to log into a Google account (like a normal, new android phone would do) it booted straight into the home screen. I ignored all this, considering a couple of factors, i had to travel out of the country and needed a reliable phone and since the phone basically worked i was OK with this fact. The phone hardware itself looked new. When i contacted the seller i did not mention the above to them since it was not pertinent to the issue i had at hand which is described below.Just about a month after i receiving the phone it began to reboot continuously and i had to do a factory reset which wiped off all my data. Unfortunately i was travelling at the time out of the country and i was not able to contact the seller (Worldwide Distributors) immediately.When i contacted the seller (Worldwide Distributors) the only line i got to hear in their emails was that i was out of their month long warranty period and they would do nothing about it.After a little digging i discovered another issue, that this phone was a version of Ice Cream sandwich that is not updated by Google but rather by Samsung (This is not advertised on the product page) and even that is not happening (it is stuck on ICS version 4.0.1). This is a Japanese version of the phone which is for NTT docomo and has the yakjuxe version of the firmware.Basically the whole reason for buying this "open" phone has been nullified and i feel like i wasted $530 odd dollars over it.What happened to accountability for what Worldwide Distributors is selling?? I would never purchase another item from Worldwide Distributors again!