Feb 22nd, 2013:Let me do an update of this product. It's really annoying to use. Few examples:1) you turn it on, then don't expect to be able to use it for around 3-4 minutes. It will "apparently" be functional, but it's actually tilted. Touchscreen won't do anything but it would suddenly move somewhere, of course not where you wanted to.2) Starting to play the music takes forever after disconnected from PC3) Out of no reason it would stop responding to the keys, it's like it's having "one of those days"4) Playing songs is not improved whatsoever. You just cant play all the music from an artist, it would ask you to go to an album. Really, a PITA if you have one or 2 songs from each album.5) Already mentioned this, but there's no way that the software from Sonyericsson would recognize my phone, therefore, you don't have backup or contacts/calendar syncI really dont understand why they released the phone with this Symbian OS. You just dont expect this to happen in a 21st century phone. I wouldn't mind if my old Nokia 1100 would tilt frequently, but this is unacceptable.-------------------------------I bought it for sale at U$60 and dont think you'll find anything better for a better price. features are good, but if you need to write in spanish you are in trouble since it doesnt come with Spanish predictive Text.Touch is good, sometimes it doesnt get the fingers right but ok. Player is ok, but takes lots of time to start on shuffle, much more than a regular mp3 player that you just push shuffle and starts playing. Furthermore, it looks like it has the ability to play playlists, but you cant build them on the phone, nor draggin a playlist to the folders. Maybe you need to install some propietary software on the PC to transfer them.Finally, cant seem to make the PC Suite, downloaded from Sonyericsson, run. It installs, but the Cell is never found.I would be very upset if i had payed the thing the price it said it was before the rebate, but since I did, cant complain too much