I am not an expert, just a regular guy who buys a new phone every year because I like toys.This phone has all of the important features I need on a phone. I have had other Nokia phones and this combines all of the great features and adds some that were not present. For example:1. 3.5mm Headphone jack. No more need for an adaptor for a 2.5mm.2. Bigger screen. I guess 2.6 is not comparable to other phones like the iPhone's 3.5, but this does not have a touchscreen interface. I can still text without looking using the keypad.3. The AMOLED display is rediculously clear and vibrant. My wife is using my Nokia E51 and the difference is stunning.4. 8 gb of storage plus microSD. This is more memory than I could fill up right now.5. This phone is also much faster than my E51. it takes less than 1/2 second to access any application once selected.6. Scratch resistant screen.7. The phone is well built, feels solid, a little heavy, but strong.8. The battery life is exceptional. I have used the camera for three days taking pictures, video, listening to music while I run etc. and still have 2 bars left.9. The speakerphone is LOUD. I can have my windows down on the BQE commuting to work and still here the callers over the traffic noise.10. Font sizes are adjustable and can be made noticably larger. I hate phones with tiny fonts.I can go on and on.My only concern is the camera. The video capability is great but I have been experimenting with the image quality and I don't think it is as good as Nokia will have you believe. The 8MP camera takes 8MP pictures, but they come out dark indoors even at close range with the flash. Outdoors they are as good as you would expect from an 8MP camera , and hopefully they will release the firmware update enabling face detection that has been rumored.Also, the notification light for missed calls, messages, and emails is kind of weak. My E51 would scream with vibrancy lighting up my bedroom at night, where the N86 is more of a whisper.I would reccomend this phone for many reasons.