After doing alot of research on this phone, as well as considering consumer reviews, I took a gamble and purchased the Motorola Flipout. And it was a gamble that has thus far paid off. I have only had the phone for about a week, however, it is NOT my first android phone, nor my first motoblur. Alot of what I was coming across in the reviews is complaints about the battery dying, or the phone itself going slow. In my experience, not paying attention to the amount of applications, for example, can and will cause those problems. My sd card was previously used on another android phone, and it took some playing around with, altering, and deleting of old things I no longer used, or required. The phone works great! I love it because of its size, the screen size doesn't make the pictures grainy or blurry, I can see everything crystal clear. The volume controls work great, I am a lover of music, so I downloaded an app for my music to enhance it, as I do on all my phones, and the speakers work great. I usually end up draining my battery pretty quick because I am constantly on it, playing with it. I'm addicted to this little phone. I am pleased that it came with 3 different color change plates, may not strike on most people's radars, however I enjoy the small things lol. I don't like to carry a purse, or a bag around with me all day, so everything of mine goes into my pockets, and the big selling point for my purchasing this phone was its size. It fits perfectly into my pockets. The ONLY thing I do not like about this phone, and perhaps its something I overlooked upon purchasing, is that it seems to have been made for users in South America. I am a citizen of the United States, and for the most part, everything was easily switched to English, I just can't do anything with the NewsFeed app because it will only pick up things around South America. If it were set up for, say, Europe, wouldn't be a big deal because I can read english, and I wouldn't mind reading about what was going on in other areas around the world. I just can't read, or speak Spanish! LOL. In any case, this phone is great, I love it. It may not be what some were hoping for, however, I feel its perfect for me.