For the features you get from the Palm Pixi Plus, it is WELL worth what you pay and more. Be prepared though, for it's VERY SMALL size, the keyboard is so tiny, even me with my little fingers, I can't type too quickly with it. The touch screen is also tiny, as well as when trying to use the calendar and other apps, you usually end up touching more than one day at a time. I usually have to use my pinky to touch the apps and calendar days.The ease of use for me, a first time SmartPhone owner was terrific! I was able to download apps, play games, synch my emails from Google and Outlook, as well as my calendars all onto one view. The internet is very quick, and it has WIFI!! Of course with Verizon, a data plan is required and they only offered one plan on my Family Plan, so it costs an extra $29.99 for me for unlimited data.This also comes with a mobile hotspot that you can connect up to 5 devices with, but I thought Verizon charged an extra $40 to activate the hotspot on top of your $30 data plan, plus it only goes up to 5 GB, and it counts all the data usage from any device connected to it. BUT, after speaking to the Verizon rep, for THIS PHONE ONLY, the 3G mobile hotspot is FREE up to 5GB. So today, I got another one, and the rep verfied that since I'm already on the Mobile hotspot plan, I would be able to activate another Palm pixi plus if this one broke. BUT HURRY, it sounds lilke after a while this promo will drop to only 2 GB free, after that it's $20 per GB you go over or 5 c. per MB.Otherwise, this phone is perfect, I only wish they had made it a little bigger, and a little more sturdier, but I still give it 5 starts for the features that come with it.The more I use it the more I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!CONS:I did have a problem with the mute button on the side, the factory cover wasn't cut correctly and kept holding the mute button down, I popped the cover off and my husband cut the hole a little bigger and it's perfect now.There is no number pad for dialing, everything is on the touchscreen. (this could be a pro also), but the screen is so sensitive, it's hard to dial if you're moving, like walking.For more info about the Palm Pixi Plus, see the great videos and demos at the palm website, and also see reviews by Cnet