This is a pretty phone with an ugly soul. The user interface does not register a "keypress" if you linger a millisecond too long (for example, you press a button DELIBERATELY or EMPHATICALLY). It only registers a glancing tap. Then it takes so long to get to the next screen that I find myself tapping the button again-- at which point the phone goes to the next screen, registers a press on the "back" button (which is placed in exactly the wrong place) and jumps back to where you were. And sometimes it doesn't respond to any touch at all. Then I have to remove and replace the battery.When one is on a call, one must press the keypad button to go to the keypad for navigating phone menus. To hang up, one has to press the hide keypad, then press end. If you press the master menu button (physical button at the bottom), you have to hit the "return to call" bar that appears on the bottom of the screen to hang up a call. Is there no more elegant way?When the phone rings, you have to drag up the bar and jab "answer", which almost always fails to respond, and which is really close to the "ignore" button. I can't count how many times I've hung up on my wife this way.Every time I pull it out of my pocket, it is about to sign me on to some internet service that I didn't order and can't afford. It also infrequently pops up with random ads.Finding the PC software has been a wild goose chase. The battery has to be removed to get to the SD card-- well, maybe that's not a bad thing, but it was hard to find it...On the plus side:The phone is pretty and fits well in a pocket. I also got it at a bargain-basement price with a Verizon subscription.The voice recognition is activated by a button on the side (too close to the photo button, but not bad). Voice recognition works most of the time if there isn't too much background noise (but it has more than once interpreted "no" as "yes"). Scrolling works ok, and menu options are not bad. The packaged games are okay, but there is very limited compatibility (what IS this OS?) and you have to pay after 3-4 plays.In short, this phone makes me want to go back to phones with physical buttons.