Feels great in your hand and the keyboard buttons are much better than the Blackjack II that I broke.  Amazingly thin and fits well in a pocket.  Also feels more sturdy with the metal casing versus the flimsy plastic on my blackjack. The OS runs well and doesn't lag.  It took a little time to get used to versus Windows mobile,  which had a pretty idiot-proof layout, but it wasn't killer.  I like the media player, especially since it doesn't limit the number of songs you can have (I had a motorola with itunes before, which I loved, but was limited to 100 songs).  The screen is pretty large and the light sensor is nifty because it makes the buttons light up when you're in a shady or dark place--literally, not metaphorically. It doesn't adjust to your emotional state, friends.  The screen looks good; even in bright sunlight I can read my emails.  Camera is amazing.  Free google maps runs great with the GPS.  Some Web sites like pandora and hulu have yet to make apps for the operating system, which is a shame.  You probably can look up the regular Web site though, but large format video would have trouble with the display.  I haven't tried pandora to see if it runs fine just in the browser yet.  Connects with  wifi as well as 3G, which is nice.  Has cut and paste ability.  I think the iphone may have recently added that, which I guess was a big deal (???).  Biggest bother to me is that the keyboard seems a little loose so that it'll sometimes shift down and lets a little line of light out from beneath the screen.  Especially disappointing since it seems Nokia put so much effort into the other details.  I mean, it has a camera for video-phoning, which I'll probably never use.  Why the slippy keyboard?  Overall, still worth the money.  Great, great phone at a decent price.note:  I read that you could tether with your laptop to connect it online through the phone.  I tried with my macbook and it said I needed to contact my provider.  I called AT&T; and they said it was a $60 monthly fee to have.  So it's not free folks, and at least not worth it to me.  I'm still happy though.