I own the N800 for the last one year and it is the almost perfect device for Net, MP3 player and the occasional reading of ebooks. Though, i still was looking for a device that can also act as a phone and has wifi(i am 99% time within a wifi network, so 3g/edge is not a factor).I debated between E71, N95 and many other phones. So what sealed the deal? E71 is way smaller than any other device (iphone included) (and that too with a very easy keyboard), perfect seamless pairing with my bluetooth headphone(motorola HT820) and easy OS. I never used a symbian phone before and without much effort(no RTFM) was able to learn all functions. Though there are times when there are just too many options and i do click the wrong button.People might complain about the no-touch small screen, but to tell the truth it serves the user adequately: compared to the N800, i find, i prefer the keyboard on the E71 better than the onscreen keyboard of the N800. It serves best as the enterprise device for which it was intended for so the camera is just ok (too much purplelish), screen is small for video but the processor/OS is snappy to handle it. Though the media player is awesome, pair up with a stereo headset and voila (it also supports album art, and easy way to create playlists )! There are many good and free Symbian apps from Yahoo, Google for mail, news, maps and work good with E71. Also, the battery is huge and can last more than a day with heavy net usage. Oh and the charger is the half the size of a fat thumb!Accompanying Software is pretty good and connects seamless through via IR, bluetooth or USB. for Mp3 files there is a convertor to convert to a smaller AAC format and load to the device (one can load as MP3 too btw). I use a Sandisk 4GB microsd to store media files as the inbuilt phone memory is just about 120MB. It has a one stop app solution to handle almost all phone functions like transferring files, to reading SMS's, backing up, etc.Symbian is pretty snappy as OS and i have yet to have a 2 sec+ lag moment (which sometimes happen when switching between wifi access points). GPS is Ok and takes sometime to get a lock, but with a real nice app from Nokia called Sport tracker to track walking distance etc etc and also works with google maps.Pros: Snappy OS, excellent bluetooth capability, very good apps, on the first look i wondered 'how did they cram so much stuff in such a small package and that too with a massive 1500mah battery!'.No Cons, except perhaps the red on/off switch on the top of the phone (see it's so hard to find a fault with e71)So overall its a dream phone for me and worth much more than the going price of 350$.