For the price, this phone plus the amount of minutes you get is an amazing deal. Other people have gone on and on about that, so I will focus on the sticklers and why I gave this product 3 stars. I've owned the phone for 2 months now.The phone itself goes unresponsive if left alone for long periods of time. It has trouble coming out of stand-by mode or whichever you wish to call it. The only way to wake it up is to fiddle with the power button, and even then it takes a good 20 seconds. Fortunately it responds just fine when receiving phone calls.As others have stated, it is so very easy to accidentally hit the internet button on the phone. You will be immediately charged just for accessing the internet, then charged a rate after that. If you don't catch this as it happens...you will lose a *lot* of minutes. Be warned. I bought a silicone casing LG Cookie Style (800G) Gel Skin Case - Black that reduces this risk considerably by making that icon harder to accidentally push. UPDATE: You can also remove the browser icon from the screen. Gel case still recommended for durability.UPDATE #2: To get the most out of this phone you are going to need a Micro SDHC card. The max memory this phone can hold is 4 gigs. I bought Sandisk 4GB MicroSDHC  Memory Card with SD Adapter (BULK Packaging) and it works just peachy after I formatted it. It would *not* work before the format, and you will need a computer with a microSD card reader to do the formatting! If your card is incompatible/wrong format, the phone will let you know by displaying a tiny crossed out memory card logo on the top of the screen. For those wondering, the proper format for this phone is FAT(File-Allocation-Table).The coverage in my area sucks. Not this phone's fault, and I am not docking stars for that. Do your homework and find out if it will work in your area before buying.Lastly, if you do buy this phone, keep your old number. The phone number provided gets calls/texts/pictures *all* the time from people I don't know. It is quite amusing, but not all people would think so.UPDATE #3: The Tracphone site *sometimes* has an option for 250 bonus minutes(promo code needed) when you add the one year card subscription(this phone comes with that exact card, how nice!). So if you set up your minutes online, make sure to hunt down that promo code when adding your minutes!