There are a lot of nice features in this phone. However, I'm going to just mention one characteristic that, I'm sure, was designed to be a feature. But, in my opinion, it is a bug that makes the phone unusable. When the keypad is locked, random button presses can cause the phone to connect to 911. The digits "9" "1" "1" don't even have to be pressed in order. If the phone is in your purse or pocket, and buttons are pressed, the phone assumes you're an idiot/disabled and aren't able to dial the correct digits - so it assumes the worst and connects you to emergency services.Imagine my surprise when the cops showed up at my house after I'd only owned the phone two days. I checked my outgoing call log and discovered that I had unknowingly dialed 911 twice in the last hour. I live in a small town and had a compressor running. The cops got a general location and then looked for a house with construction going on.I've contacted Tracfone about this and they say it is a safety feature that cannot be disabled. I always carry my phone in a thigh pocket with nothing else in the pocket. They recommended getting a case/sleeve for it. So, I bought a pretty heavy duty case to keep it in while it's in my loose, front, thigh pocket. I've still had two random pocket dials of 911 this month. I'm not sure if I'm relieved the cops are ignoring my emergency calls now or not. I should be happy they're not fining me for misuse of the 911 system. But, if I ever have to dial 911 and can't talk to the operator, I know I'm on my own.Bottom line, I can't believe the FCC allows manufacturers to sell phones that misuse the 911 system. How many 911 services are getting bogus calls thanks to Samsung? Why is this "feature" even needed? The keypad is easy to unlock with two specific key presses in sequence. And, it doesn't require a password. If a stranger picks up my phone, needing to dial 911 when the keypad is locked, all they would have to do (without this feature) is press the two keys in sequence, that the phone prompts you for, before dialing 911. I've had lots of cell phones from other manufacturers that don't have this "feature"; so, it's definitely a Samsung thing.Fix this Samsung!