I have seen many sites that try to compare this feature phone to smartphones and that would be a mistake. This is NOT a smartphone (despite what Nokia tries to put on their website). That being said, it is probably the best non-smartphone that you can find that will not cost you an automatic data plan charge on your bill. You see, I have AT&T; as my cell phone provider and they will automatically charge you a data plan once their computers recognize that your SIM card is in a smartphone. I made that mistake when I bought a smartphone without knowing their policy and I was automatically put on a data plan for that month. At that point, I put my SIM back into my old Samsung and sent the smartphone back.Then I started doing heavy research to find a phone that would provide me with many of the same features as a smartphone but would not be recognized by AT&T; as a smartphone. Eventually I came across the Asha series of phones. I was about to buy the Asha 302 at first, then the 501 but after looking on phonearena, I came to the conclusion that this phone was probably the most advanced in the series. I bought it and I'm very happy that I did. I haven't seen a data plan charge since I've started using this phone. In order to be sure though, I decided to turn off mobile data. So I only use wifi on the phone (and I advise you to do the same just to be safe). Still, this phone has basically served as an extra computer for me in the house.Just don't expect the world from it. The map app is just OK (it's no Google Maps), the app selection is pretty lame (the Nokia store doesn't offer much), and the games that are actually worth playing and the phone can handle (it only plays Java games) are few and far between. Angry Birds and Plants vs. Zombies are two that come to mind. Don't even bother trying to play Temple Run on this phone; there's no java version out there worth talking about.Overall though, this is the most advanced dumbphone I have ever seen. Compare this phone to other feature phones, not smartphones and I think you will be very happy with your purchase.