I wish I had purchased the new Treo 750 palm Treo 750 Smartphone (Cingular)or the 8525Cingular 8525 PDA Phone (Cingular).  Here are the cons to the Blackjack:Cons:1.  The phone takes 10-15 seconds when I press Contact List for the list to load. I confirmed this with another fellow user at Spring VON 2007 last week.  Can you imagine what it is like to wait 15 seconds while driving or trying to get a name. Engineers have 100 contacts. Users have 1000's. When people ask me why I do not recommend the phone, I tell them to watch, press contacts, and hold the phone up to them.  They are usually tired of watching by the time the contacts load. Samsung tech support acknowledged this is a problem with the phone.2.  Windows problem: When you type Jim or Bill all kinds of names come up. Even though Blackjack has a full key pad the software thinks you are typing numbers not names so it brings up abc letters associated with dialing "1" if you are typing a, b, or c.  Ridiculous!  Must have been designed by an engineer.3.  I can not view Youtube views or blip.tv or dave.tv or brightcove videos on my Blackjack.  Even with Adobe Flash lite 2.14.  The Blackjack is slow going from one program to the next. I think the Blackjack has a software hardware integration problem.  Sometimes you have to wait 10-15 seconds until you can access the phone to get to Call History for example.  The phone is busy waiting for another program to finish up.5. Often the phone will go off line and you can not get on the internet. It requires rebooting.  Others on line have complained about it.6. Battery life is like having a flashlight that dies before you get to the end of the trail.7.  I figured out the ActiveSync problem after days of effort.  Also loading contacts was wierd. I first had to uncheck contacts, load all the other information, then check contacts and load it. I found this hack ona forum.  Samsung tech support have not a clue about the hack issues.8. The screen is really too small for heavy email use.9. The key board is too tiny for lots of use.10. There is no WiFi on it - a must, WiFi dramatically changes your experience of using a Smartphone or PDA11. It does not come with a headset and the headset you need has a special jack that is only fits in the Blackjack.Pros:1. It is small and fits in my shirt pocket - replacing the pens!2. Cingular provides the service and it is 3G.3. A new version of MS Smartphone operating system is around the corner I heard which will allow me to edit Word, PPT Decks, and Excel.