This is actually my second N8. The first one I bought in early May. After only a few hours of use it powered off for no apparent reason. Then each time I tried to restart it, it would shut down again after about 30 seconds. I was disappointed because it really is a beautiful phone. I kept looking for another phone that had everything I wanted and I couldn't find one - mainly I wanted a GSM penta-band with a good camera and internet capabilities. There was no other phone but the top of the line Nokias. So I thought I would try the N8 again (because it has 12MP camera with auto focus - otherwise I would have gotten the E7 with the larger display and the QWERTY keyboard). I am so happy I did. The first N8 which I sent back was produced in Dec. 2010. This second one was produced in March 2011, so maybe the bugs where fixed with the later models.  I just know my new N8 is exactly what I hoped it would be.  The call quality is excellent and the camera works beautifully. The customizing capabilities of the Symbian OS allow me many personalizing options. The display is bright and clear, and even in direct sunlight it's still readable; touchscreen response is fine; photo/video record quality is superb for a mobile phone (especially if you use custom settings); FM transmitter is a nice extra; HDMI Dolby works great; and video play/web TV is good. Even the speaker produces pretty good sound and has high volume. So, what could be better: Well, even though the processor seems to work fine for general use, I notice the more demanding apps are slow to load. Also, the Ovi store apps download process is a bit slow, too. The battery life is excellent, though, so maybe that would be the tradeoff with a faster processor. The RAM usage for me averages about 60% but maybe those who play the advanced games and want to have several apps open at the same time would like more RAM. Other than that, I really can't think of anything else Nokia could improve on. Because I read several reviews here sharing equipment failure comments, and because my first N8 was a lemon, I still have my fingers crossed that no problems will develop later. However, from my research, no mobile phones are free from problems - not even the Galaxys and the iPhones (which are much more expensive). I guess it is the luck of the draw. I have used both the Galaxy and iPhone, and still I prefer the N8 because of my needs and how well it has performed so far, which is why I am giving it 5 stars.