I've owned the i730 for about 2 weeks, having bought it to "upgrade" the i90c I've used for over a year.  The i90c was a fine phone, a bit bulky and the batter life was terrible (even with an upgraded 750mAh battery), but it's incredible call clarity and loud speakerphone was enough to make me overlook its shortcomings.  So, I figured the i730 would only be better than i90c, right?  Not necessarily.My biggest complaint with the i90c was battery life, and sadly, Motorola still hasn't solved the problem.  The i730 is a slight improvement, but if you use the phone a lot like I do, be prepared with car chargers and backup batteries.  The i90c was also bulky as it had a hump on the back to accomodate the battery.  While the 730 is sleek (no hump), it still is essentially the same size and thickness as the i90.  Weight is nearly identical.  Call clarity with the i730 is comparable to the i90c, which is good.Speakerphone, here's my biggest complaint.  With the i730, Motorola moved the speakerphone to the back of the phone (it faced the front on the i90c).  This makes no sense to me.  Others have said they like this design because they can hear people when the phone is clipped to their belt, but when I use the speakerphone, I generally place the phone down on a surface.  As a result, the sound is muffled coming from the speakerphone.Another complaint is the location of the buttons.  First, the power button is nestled between other important buttons and is not easily found in the dark (unlike the i90c).  Call and end buttons are also reversed from the i90c.  While I'm sure with enough use I'll get familiar with the location, the reversal of buttons from the 90/95 models has me frustrated.There are good things I like about the i730, such as the flip activation control, which allows me to place a call on speakerphone and close the phone without disconnecting.  I also like the clean appearance (silver), and the blue backlight makes using it at night easy.  In sum, it's a decent phone, but coming from the i90c, I expected better considering the hefty price tag.