The advanced electronic features are awesome!  I have hundreds of contacts in the address book with several numbers each (office,home,cell, etc.) plus direct connect lines.  The speaker phone feature works great.  The batteries hold a full day's charge for me.  I sell real estate and receive and make about 40 to 50 calls a day.  Rarely have had to go to a 2nd battery in the same day.Physically it has tremendous appeal.  I think it is really sharp. Operationally, it has a lot of terrific features and is easy to use.  (Although it does frustrate electronically challenged person like me.)There are several things, like email & voice activation for numbers, that I haven't had time to learn how to use but overall, the features are practical and work well.However, the phone is less reliable at keeping it's signal.  I used an i1000 for 5 years and had to trade in a damaged phone or two but had superior service as far as connections go.  This phone drops call, fades in and out, more dead spots and rough direct connect spots.Also, structurually, this phone is more fragile.  The battery compartment cover takes a beating from the constant flipping I do of the phone.  And the flip part is getting a little "loose" on its hinges.  I will probably have to trade it in soon.In April, my 3rd or 4th i1000 cratered again and the Nextel rep I use felt that I would have to upgrade that phone because I had been traded a re-built i1000 just a few months earlier. Since the i1000 was out of production, even the re-builts would not survive much longer.So, after 5 months' use, while I love the genius of this phone, the look and feel, etc. I would have to rate it a 3 star for reliability and durability.Our Nextel rep is good technically with the phones, but the floor people are not real familiar with what to recommend to people so I hope you can pass this along and maybe find out if Motorola has a Nextel phone that might address the problems I am experiencing with it.Thank you for your time.Bonnie Black (Virginia B.)Multimillion Dollar Producer with Re/max at the Beach in Calabash, NC