At this point,(I have only had this cell phone a month now) I feel it is becoming one of the best devices I have ever bought. The last Palm device I bought at Amazon with paying full freight, was the Palm TX, a big disappointment. Taught me a great lesson, never pay full retail for electronics again, the price will drop even if it's older technology. As a result Palm lost me for many years as a customer after being a long time user. Until now. Could not resist this device at $56,which AT&T; sells unlocked for hundreds. Web OS is one of the slickest OS's ever encountered outside iPhone/touch, having no experience with Androids can't comment. Hardware is good, resolution very good, ringer volume on the low side but acceptable for me.  If you follow previous comments on how to activate the phone sans Verizon(see Chuck Homic,he is the reason I went for it(the method described worked superbly), it's the best bargain out there in the world of smartphones. Cellular portion of the phone I rarely use(though that works excellently), I mainly wanted it for it's wi-fi capabilities, and that's free. In a sense it's like an iPod touch with a cell phone attached. With Kitty wireless you can get good deals on pins and texting, good small company to deal in tandem with Pageplus, with all your cell phone needs. $30 dollars a year to keep the phone active, is a huge message to the big carriers that there are cheap alternatives, if you are willing to deal with not having the latest rage device, this is one heck of a phone, in a class of it's own.  Not a big gabber on the phone, so the low volume on incoming calls didn't bother me too much, you can always wear a headset, no mic needed. Lots of complaints over screen size, it's no bigger or smaller than most BlackBerry's out there I believe, when navigating web sites you do have to really pinch and zoom and double tap a lot.  You can use iTunes or windows media to sort of organize your stuff on the phone itself. Just drag iTunes music directly in to the device, you can use Windows Media Player, or in my case, Windows explorer drag and drop. Options galore.  The only minor complaint I have is the the ringer and speaker volume could be louder. I basically use this as my MP3 player and hearing the ringer with a headset is plenty loud, but being in a loud environment trying to hear a ringer might be a bit difficult, vibrate only works with one pulse and it's over. But the phone portion is not that critical for me, remember Verizon network has the least amount of dropped calls, which is comforting.  The browser and the synergy gathering of your email accounts work very well, overall an outstanding deal, I'm happy. At this price buy 2 or more for gifts. They'll love you.