Like many of you I have been reading all of these "reviews" from people who don't own the device and was unsure on what to do and what I'd be receiving.First of all I ordered from Global Mobiles, whom I contacted twice before ordering. Both questions were answered in minutes. Phone same sealed in OEM box. There was also another box that included an adapter to convert the EU plug to US, directions on how to change language to English and instructions on how to setup APN to get HPSA+ speeds. Those weren't quite correct. If you're only getting edge speeds make sure to apply the following settings:Name: AT&T;APN: wap.cingularProxy: leave blankPort: leave blankUsername:WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COMPassword:CINGULAR1Server: leave blankMMSC: [...]MMS Proxy: wireless.cingular.comMMS Port: 80MCC:310MNC:410APN Type: leave blankIf you're a Mac user like me, make sure to download android.com/filetransfer. Otherwise the device won't show up on your computer.This phone simply put is amazing. I like iOS and I now have come to like Android. I don't see one phone as better. They both are great in their own ways. However, if like me you've been using iOS since 2007 or even the last year. The galaxy 3 definitely provides a breath of fresh air.I won't get into specs. There is no lag what so ever on the device and it is very fluid.As far as S-Voice. For the person that said it only comes in German. I can kind of see their complaint. When you first turn the device on you can set the language to English. However, when you launch S-Voice. It is still in German by default and you have to click the right arrow through several screens of German text before you can change the language. Typically the right arrow is ok/accept, so I was able to guess my way through it. Realistically though one would assume you only need to set the language once so I don't blame them. Again you can set S-Voice to English as well as other languages.The 4.8 inch screen is beautiful. Having an iPhone and iPad 3, I find this screen large enough to serve both purposes. I can comfortably browse, watch videos as well as read books.The browser is great as well. The larger screen again helps and it is nice that you can take advantage of flash.The rear camera uses the same parts as the iPhone 4S so expect similar quality. However, the camera has a ton of settings. Almost as many as stand alone cameras. The front camera on the S3 is higher quality and very crisp. One thing that I hadn't heard mention of was the LED flash. BE CAREFUL. In a completely dark room I literally temporarily blinded myself. In that respect it blows the iPhone 4S away in my opinion so I did get better night pictures.I didn't want to get too technical as for many they're just looking for a great screen, fluid OS and great browser / camera. If you have other questions let me know.