I recommended this phone to my price-sensitive friends and family members, but chose to buy the V600 for myself because I wanted 4x zoom and web access.  Both phones have this functionality.  The V400 has a larger phonebook than the V600.  The only benefit that the V600 provides is that it has Bluetooth functionality... if you need that feature.  It is also a slightly more attractive phone.  The V600 looks a bit too oblong.  They are essentially the same shape, but the lines on the V600 create an illusion of clunkiness, whereas the the textured finish of the V400 is more refined... sort of like a Cadillac versus a BMW.Both have great reception and take great pictures.  Both are easy to navigate.  However, both are somewhat sluggish to respond when quickly scrolling through the phonebook.  This effect is somewhat mitigated if you switch from "icons" to "list", but the sluggishness is a problem with the phone's memory/processor/software/whatever.  Another complaint I have is that it doesn't have the full set of TAP Extended characters in the alphabet.  For example, it doesn't contain Scandinavian letters such as "A" with a circle over it ("AA"), "A" with an umlaut ("AE"), or "O" with an umlaut (OE).  It seems to have all the other TAP extended characters (eg: "I" with umlaut, "U" with umlaut, "AE", "OE", "C" with squiggly thing underneath, "N" with tilda, vowels with accents in both directions, "Euro" & "Yen" symbols, etc.).My only other complaint has to do with Cingular Wireless.  Their voicemail system sucks!  You are forced to enter your password EVERYTIME you call, even from your mobile handset.  T-Mobile didn't require this.  The transition from T-Mobile to Cingular was a snap by calling Cingular's Number Porting specialists (888-898-7685).  However, until they get the voicemail thing figured out, I recommend you stay with your other carrier.  T-Mobile and Cingular (at least until recently) share(d) mobile towers and coverage is identical.  When AT&T's network comes onboard in October, the coverage area should increase.