The Samsung Focus S is easily the best phone or smartphone I have ever owned or tried. The Super AMOLED+ screen is gorgeous with true blacks that make the bright colors stand out all the more. I definitely recommend using the dark theme on this device to take full advantage of that. The 8MP camera is great for taking snapshots of my newborn son, and I love the fact that they get automatically uploaded to the cloud so I don't have to worry about losing them. I also use it to record HD video. The front-facing camera is a very nice plus and works well for video calls. A lot of other phones have only a VGA front-facing camera which looks grainy, but not the Focus S.If you have a wireless network at home you can set up wireless syncing with Zune and then you almost never need to connect your phone to your PC (only for software updates). Podcasts, music, and videos get synced every night automatically while the phone is charging, and of course you can download items from the marketplace directly from the phone on demand, too.The Windows Phone OS is the most intuitive and powerful smartphone OS out there, and like I mentioned above, very fun to use. Though there are less apps available than on Android or iOS, all the important ones (in my opinion) are available, plus a lot of Windows Phone exclusives. Having Office built-in is extremely useful. My wife and I keep OneNote notebooks in the cloud where we can access them from our phones as well as any browser. Shopping lists, family records...we actually even planned our wedding via SkyDrive! No more emailing attachments around or tring to find a computer so you can view/edit a spreadsheet or Word document. Other exclusives: Xbox Live gaming, Zune subscription support (also highly recommended).This phone is amazingly quick with the 1.4GHz processor. Games and multi-tasking are very smooth. Battery life is also much improved over my previous phone (LG Optimus 7) despite the larger screen and faster speed. Also, this phone is ridiculously light-weight! At first when you pick it up you will think you forgot to put the battery in or something. This might bother you if you like a really heavy, solid feel in a phone, but I prefer it this way. Definitely makes it easier on the wrist if you're doing a lot of reading or gaming in one sitting and can't easily switch hands, such as while holding an infant at 2AM. :) I highly recommend the Samsung Focus S.