It's everything my Nokia E71 was except better!  The call quality is great, internet is fast and easy, touch screen is USEFUL.  And like my E71 the battery life is excellent if you have it in standby or just send texts with it.  Heavy internet or calling usage will start to burn battery life but still better than any of the other smartphones out there by far.  The E6 has been out for a couple of years now but if you like the speed of a QWERTY keyboard, thi is still the best one on the market.UPDATE: After owning the phone for three months, it prompted me for an update.  I ran the update and it changed the current operating system, named "Anna", to the newest one named "Belle".  DO NOT UPDATE TO BELLE.  It drastically reduces battery life and was intended for very large touch schreen phones.  What this means for the E6 is that everything is in huge blocky buttons and widgets.  No longer can you monitor 3 email accounts, the weather, check the time and have one open space on the home screen.  Belle can only fit one huge email widget on the screen.  The "digital clock" covers approximately 1/2 of the screen.  There is no option or app to change/replace this. I called Nokia and they informed me that 100% there is no way to undo the update because it is a firmware update, not just simple software.  My phone has been rendered nearly useless for my needs due to this.  No wonder Nokia has a tiny fraction of the cell phone market that it used to.  This is a great phone if you keep the Anna OS and do not "upgrade" (term is used loosely) to Belle.  If you update to Belle, you're screwed.  I'm changing from 5 stars to 1 star because Nokia does not offer a roll back option and now I have wasted $300 on a phone with less than half of the functionality it had when I first bought it.  But don't just take my word for it.  Go to Nokia's own website and search "Downgrading from Belle to Anna", the results may shock you at how unhappy people are with it.  Goodbye Nokia, hello Blackberry!