I recently upgraded my nextel from an i90c (I dropped it in the water) to the i730 back in early August 2004. So far I love it almost as much as my old i90.The design itself is excellent, very sleek looking. It's alot easier to "personalize" this phone because you can replace the little front cover thing for fairly cheap (I changed mine to a NY Yankees symbol for only $5) instead of changing the whole case, which you can also do. You can change the background, get real songs as ringtones, etc. I also love the mucical light around the front speaker (wish it played with actual song ringtones instead of just normal musical ringtones). The only complaint I have is that it can be exetremely loud when it rings, even on a lower setting.My reception is fairly good with this phone, not as good as my i90 but much better than my old Nokia. I have heard that you can get a patch for the i730 that helps with the reception. The only times I don't have good reception is in some of the classrooms at my school and in the back rooms of my dorm (all of which are 2/3 concrete). I also don't get much signal out in the boonies but that's to be expected.The software on it is great. You have more than enough space for all your contacts, 600 or so. All the programs are great, the calculator is as quick anymore, you actually have to select what you want to do (+,-,*,/) instead of using the scroll buttons, but that's superficial. You also don't get any full games, only demos but I don't think your going to buy a phone based on the games you get.The battery life is the only real problem I have with the phone. I can only go for about 2 days without charging and that's if I don't make any calls or use it at all. The charging is really fast though, usually under 2 hours for me. The only other complaint is that the call buttons are reversed from the i90's so that took a little getting used too.Sorry if this is long but I think its a good phone in general. The only reason it got 4 out of 5 from me is the reception and the battery issues. Hope this helps.