Screen: the 4.3" Super AMOLED+ screen is in one: beautiful. The resolution is still only 800x480 but I haven't noticed any pixelation whatsoever. Some have reported that there is a slight blue hue to the whites on the phone, but again, I haven't noticed it. I have the phone on full brightness pretty much all the time and the screen just blows me away.OS: WP7.5 (Mango) is definitely a huge step in the right direction. It's as silky as ever, on par with iOS and it never stutters or lags. Everything you need is literally either a push of a tile or a flick of the finger. You no longer need 5 different apps to check your Facebook, Twitter or Windows Live. The massive use of black supports the type of screen very well since blacks consume very little power on a Super AMOLED+ display. However, I would stay away from the "light" theme a whites consume more power than usual. There are a lot of little things that shows that Microsoft has paid attention to the details. When using the keyboard, if you have sounds enabled, there are around 8 different tones that play. A nice touch, but it does somewhat lag behind what you are actually typing in (just the sound, not the typing itself).Hardware: I have always been a fan of the way Samsung makes their phones. Many people say the phones feel cheap and plasticy, but I just don't find that to be the case. To each their own. The back cover is a little flimsy but it's not too bad. I wish the 3.5mm jack was on the bottom like on their Nexus S, but it's definitely not a dealbreaker.Camera: The camera is a pleasure to work with. It has an 8MP rear camera and a 1.3MP front facing camera. The rear camera is able to shoot 720p video that looks just as good as the competition, maybe a little better. It is unable to do 1080p because it lacks a dual-core processor. The dedicated camera button is definitely a welcome edition.Internals: The second gen 1.4Ghz single core CPU allows the phone to hum along nicely. No hiccups at all. At the moment WP7 does not need dual-core processors to do the job so do not consider this a con. However I do have an issue with the GPU. I am assuming the Focus S is still using the Adreno 200 or the Adreno 205. Both being dated games won't run nearly as smoothly as they will on Android or iOS. I dont play much games, but there is a noticeable difference between Fruit Ninja on this phone and the Galaxy S (let alone the 4S and the S2)