Less than two years after purchasing an HTC Incredible, which was a state of the art phone at the time, I decided to upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy SIII a few weeks ago. And what an upgrade it was. I admit, I thought about buying the iPhone 5 and even the 4S on Verizon, but after my wife got the 4S and I spent some quality time with the phone, I was less than impressed with all of the hype. And after being tied in to the Android/Google operating system for the past few years, I wanted some continuity. Let me tell you, I am not looking back.The SIII is an incredible phone (much more so than my prior phone, regardless of the name). On the hardware, the screen is crisp and the user interface is intuitive through ICS. I like having a dedicated menu button and the lack of such hardware-based menu button on the iPhone made it a frustrating experience for me. The SIII is also an unusually large phone, but it is intended to be a content consumption device, although its size may be a deterrent for some. The only downside is that the lock button is on the right side of the phone directly across from the volume toggle button that also controls the ringer volume/vibrate/silent status and not on the top of the phone. This placement has caused me to unintentionally change the ringer status while trying to lock the phone given how I hold the phone. But besides that tweak, the hardware is solid and the camera is great. Notwithstanding other reviews here, I found the actual design and form factor of the phone to be a positive.As for the software, I have no complaints. In fact, the more I use the phone, the more I like it. Tap into the Google Play store to load your favorite apps, and the SIII feels and functions as good as or better than any desktop or laptop I have ever had.  I recognize that in another few months, there will likely be a better phone in the market, but this phone feels like a jump in technology and innovation from just a short while ago. And the good news - I am glad I don't have the iPhone and don't feel left out at all.