I have been using cell phones since before (the now defunt) AT&T; Wireless was around, that was 1992 or so. I used an analog phone at the time and then switched to PrimeCo (before they became Verizon Wirless) and then SprintPCS. Up to that point I had no complaints about phones -- some had a better UI than others, but they pretty much did the same thing.I then switched to Voicestrea(before they became T-Mobile!) because I needed the international roaming feature, and they had the best rates on the market, and I could use the same handset, wereas with the CDMA providers I would have to pay for an additional service. This is were my cell-phone fun began. T-Mobile service was not bad at all, but I don't think that in the 2 or 3 years I was with them I was ever satisfied with my phone -- the volume was too low, the speakerphone was a joke, the phone was too big, reception was horrible, it kept on dying, etc, etc.I then switched to Nextel because I was tired of the billing errors involved with handsent replaments (out of warranty fees -- when the phone wasn't even 3 months old, re-stocking fees for phones I "didnt return" according to T-Mobile, etc, etc). I have been using this phone since late October or early November 2004 and I am glad to say I have had no major problems. The reception is great no matter where I go (I travel incredible distances in the state of Florida alone -- 15,000 miles since January, and that's just by car), the speaker and speakerphone are loud enough, and the phone is a decent size. In addition I can take the SIM card out of the i730 and place it in my GSM world phone for my trips to Europe, although the Nextel rates are a bit higher, they are about the same as what AT&T; used to charge, and what Cingular charges today.Another great feature on this phone (and all the Nextel Java-enabled phones if I am not mistaken) is the navigation function provided by TeleNav. Not only can it tell me how to get to point B, it also has a business finder, based on my current location as determined by the GPS reciever that is built into the phone, but it even has a handy "Gas by Price" function, although it only can sort the listing by lowest prices on regular or 87 octane gas, which I cannot use in my vehicle, it will display the prices for premium or 93/91 octane gas as well.