This is a good phone with many features. It does well in all areas except for the basic function of having a conversation. It will connect almost every time a call is placed, and a call is almost never dropped. The problem is you cannot hear what the person is saying. When the volume is as high as it goes you cannot hear because it is scratchy and you dont get the persons voice. When the volume is as low as it goes you can hear the persons voice clearly, but it is so low that you cannot fully hear what they are saying. The people I have called say that they hear me perfectly..The speakerphone is good and can be pretty loud. It is not perfect though. It is a small speaker, not a large speaker so the sounds isn't as good. Though it sounds well for the size of the speaker.The phone does use alot of power. One average my phone only lasts about 36 hours making one 10 minute call.This is my second model of this phone i have owned because the last one i had stopped charging. I do not know if it was the phone or the charger, but it stopped charging. Thankfully i had purchased insurance for four dollars a month and they replaced it. I highly recommend getting insurance with this phone because theh phone costs 250 dollars. Four dollars a month (in my case) is nothing to make sure that if it brakes i dont have to pay another 250 dollars.This phone has many features, it really makes you think of seven years ago when cellular phones only had an address book. It's main feature is the camera. The camera works well, but in high resalution (sp) it can only take 27 pictures. In low resalution it can take well over 120, but there is drastic difference in the quality. It has frames you can use, and also has multiple color modes. Sepia, Negative and Black and White are just a few. It can take up to 8 shots in a row.This phone also includes voice memos and call screening. It has internet which doesn't work well with low service areas. I recomend at least "two bars" when using internet. It has text messages and it can send and recieve. It also lets you create personal folders. It almost always will send and/or recieve a message even in low service areas.I give this phone 3 stars because it lacks the main purpose of a phone which is calling, but it does have many features. It is a great phone and very fun..I do recommend insurance though.