I bought this phone unlocked so I wouldn't have to pay the monthly data plan to my carrier, however, I noticed that just by using the wifi to connect to the internet I was having few critical problems that my iPhone didn't have.  Here's what I encountered, some of the web pages weren't being opened and others did.  The ones that weren't being opened just gave me a blank page and stalled then I tried going to Yahoo site and it opened to that page without any problems??!!  You might think it was just a fluke or that page I tried opening was a non-active site but I can assure you that I tried with many other sites and it also gave me that same problems.  And then there were other sites that would open but only uses half of the screen so that it made it difficult to read due to the smallness of the images. This problem didn't exist with the other older model wide screen Blackberry with track ball.  Another critical flaw is that the email accounts doesn't work and it wouldn't allow you to create any email accounts.  I believe this is due to the fact that since Blackberry has their own server for the emails and if you have no data plan the Blackberry somehow doesn't allow you to connect to their site.  So the only way you can check your email is by using wifi to access your email account website such as Yahoo, Gmail, Hotmail and etc.  But then again you would encounter the site either it's going to open up or not as I mentioned from above, so it becomes hit or a miss every time you are trying to access some website.  I have an older iPhone and so I wanted to get a newer smart phone and wanted to try out Blackberry since I heard so much about how great their emails and such but if you can't access it then it becomes no better than a dumb phone.  So to pay all that money to get this phone was a waste.  My only suggestion is that if you want to get this phone then make sure you have a data plan otherwise you'll be having all problems I mentioned.  But then again, there are sites I mentioned that it would only uses half of the screen so it would be difficult in trying to read the words or viewing the images.  I would just stay away from this phone completely because there are so many other unlocked smart phones without all these problems I mentioned and probably costs much less than this one.