I've owned this phone for two weeks and I can say that hands down, the Windows 7 mobile experience is the best out there as far as number of clicks to do want you want, look and feel, usefulness of the dynamic tiles, and ease of configuration.  It also has the greatest ability to merge meaningfully with your desktop via SkyDrive and the other Office 365 applications.  (If you don't use SkyDrive, you should.  It is free with Windows Live and gives you a continuous, private backup of whatever folders you select.)The OLED screen on the Focus S has a deep, eye soothing black, and the colors are absolutely vivid. Pictures, in particular, are very good on the Focus S especially when you use the "auto-correct" feature of Windows 7 that does a great job of white balancing for indoor lighting and increasing contrast for outdoor shots.  Don't miss this feature when playing with the phone.The overall weight, like everything Samsung builds, is in a class by itself as far as lightness.  Compared to an iPhone 4 (which is a tank) this Focus S is so light that when you walk around, even in sweats, you don't feel it pulling your pants down.  There's nothing I hate worse than feeling a phone or heavy object in my pocket while walking.  I'll end up pulling it out, and then be stuck carrying a brick around with me.  Which is reason enough, by itself for me to not seek out an iPhone or some of the gigantic HTC phones.The media seems to enjoy bashing Windows Phones and love everything ever produced by Apple or Google.  Don't be fooled.  Every said how bad the XBox was when it came out, and look at it now.  Read the reviews here and come to your own conclusions.  The Windows ecosystem is a winner and time will prove that.  Microsoft is not a company that is going to go away either, not that they need to do more to Mango to make it better.  It already is.  But, realize they have the wherewithal to stick it out and win in this space, and they will keep throwing money at it and making it better and better.  Their app store, for example, gives the highest amount of money back to the developers.  Higher than both Apple and Android.  That is another example of the commitment they have to make this OS succeed.