After considering for quite sometime on purchasing my first smartphone, I ended up choosing the Palm Pixi Plus because of three main reasons, size and physical keyboard and the operating system. I spent many months researching the wide variety of phones available since this would be my first smartphone. Initially, I looked at the iPhone and looked at my friend's iPhone. Though it is easy to use accompanied with many Apps, I didn't like the feel of the phone itself as it was a tad too heavy. I also wasn't particularly fond of the virtual keyboard. Though my fingers are small, I still had some difficulty using the virtual keyboard on the iPod Touch. Next I looked into the phones with Android OS and the phones didn't appeal to my taste either as many of the phones were quite bulky. I was't fond of the Android OS after playing with it for a while. Lastly I looked at Palm's line of Pixi and Pre. What attracted me to the Pixi Plus is the physical keyboard which makes typing much easier. The phone itself is small and light with rounded bottom edges which makes it comfortable to hold. After playing with one of my co-worker's Pixi Plus I was drawn to the uniqueness of the WebOS design. There isn't a lot of icons littering the screen as they can be tucked away. However, with the Pixi Plus, the main draw back is the 1.4.5 version of the operating system. It is not as refined as the WebOS 2.0. So there are some bugs which hasn't worked out yet in this older OS version. However, you can install many patches created by other users. Another drawback is the battery life as other users have commented and complained about. If you make calls frequently daily and use data, you need to charge this phone daily. This is something I am not used to do as my previous clamshell phone can hold a charge for days. Finally, another uniqueness of this phone is you can purchase the wireless Touchstone charging system allowing you to do wireless charging. So overall in my book, though this phone isn't perfect, it is quite adequate for my needs as a first smartphone.