As a hearing-impaired person, I don't generally use telephones very much, preferring to rely on E-mail and instant messaging for long-distance communication, so I resisted getting a cellphone for years. Due to the need of family members who don't use their computers as much as I do to keep in touch with me, though, I was given this phone as an early Christmas present at Thanksgiving last month. I had wanted a smartphone, but the various prepaid plans were too expensive, so we settled on this one instead with the pay-by-the-minute plan (though I'm given to understand Walmart has a $10 per month data plan).I've been using this phone for a bit over three weeks now, mainly to check mail when I'm unable to get to a computer or to receive direct text messages, and I like it so far. It's TDD-compatible though I haven't yet tested this feature; cellphone-compatible TDD's are $200 or so. The slide-out QWERTY keyboard is a feature that I specifically wanted given that email/text is my main use of this instrument, and when opened changes the screen display from vertical to horizontal. It's sturdy and fairly easy to use though I had some difficulty at first learning how to use certain special keys (such as those needed to type in symbols). The screen is large, clear and sharp and the touch-screen capability works quite well. There are nice little extras such as a tip calculator, world clock, drawing pad, calendar and notepad included, and of course, the 2-megapixel camera, which won't replace my existing digicam but is fine for taking quick snapshots (I think of it as being like one of those old Kodak Instamatic cameras). The built-in memory is puny but can be upgraded to 16GB for less than $20 (or 32 or 64 GB for more) with any of several brands of Micro SD memory cards. The USB port allows you to recharge the phone (in my use so far, I find that the battery should be recharged - which takes 1 to 2 hours depending - every three or four days) or connect it to your computer to upload or download data. There are lots of extras available though they cost varying amounts per month, so you'll have to judge which ones are most useful to you. If you don't like the default red/black color schemes there are plenty of protective-case accessories on Amazon to change the color to something you like better,as well as protective screens for the display.Very nice phone overall!