I'm shocked:- after writing a review about the truth of this product HTC Wildfire A3333 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with Android OS, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, and Touch Screen--International Version with No US Warranty (Black) sold by justbuydealstoday, the seller writes to me asking and insisting me in 7 e-mails approximately, that i should take back my feedback, offering me to refund me the money ONLY after I delete the feedback. How can I trust someone who just cheated on me with a phone?HTC Wildfire A3333 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with Android OS, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, and Touch Screen, does not work at all with the ANDROID MARKET, because a factory problem with the compatibility. The sellers know that, and they don't give a sh....! All blogs talk about it. Look at this one [...]I quote:"...Problem downloading Apps to my new HTCHi there!I just bought a new HTC Wildfire S in China. After buying it I realized there are two problems:1) In China there is no access to Android Market, but to one that is called "HTC Market" which does not have any interesting application.2) Because of that I try to access the Android Market using PC and download apps, but the following error occurs: "There are no Android phones associated with this account". Obviously, I have a Gmail account since many years ago.I've searched through Internet and it seems many people have the same problem. For me it is hard to understand that all those people (including me) cannot download any app. from the Android Market! They are free anyway, right?There must be a way around that people use, right? Does anybody know why no one is able to fix this error?Thanks a lot guys!Andreu..."So, this a world known problem, this item is being sold in AMAZON for long,and no one claims, but AMAZON is very clean and open with the quality and safe purchase policies. I hope AMAZON take away this "fresh" seller who was trying to convince me to delete my previous feedback....I own 3 other HTC cell phones bought here and I have been using HTC for 7 years, and never had a problem. The problem is this seller and the lack of honesty selling something that he in advance knows that won't work.SHAME ON YOU justbuydealstoday (SELLER) I will go all the way up with my claim.-