For use only with Virgin Mobile's Beyond Talk Plan (meaning you pay a set monthly fee rather than topping up every three months), the Venture is an android phone.  It uses the Nationwide Sprint 3G Network.  It has several apps including Google Maps, GMail, other e-mail, Navigation, Google search, YouTube, News, Weather, and more.  It has a QWERTY keyboard as well as an on-screen keyboard.  When you buy the Venture it comes with the Venture mobile phone, micro USB cable, battery cover, 2 GB micro SD card (mounted in the device), battery, USB power adapter, and Basics Guide.I had problems when I first got this phone and wasn't sure if I would like it.  I charged it per the instructions but I couldn't activate the phone and had to call Virgin Mobile who were very helpful.  Once I got the phone activated I turned it off overnight only to find out it wouldn't turn on the next day.  I recharged the battery and it worked fine until I shut it off overnight - again it wouldn't turn on in the morning.  Finally I removed the battery, reinserted it, recharged it, and leave it on all the time.  Now the phone works fine although the battery does wear down fairly quickly (the box says the battery stays charged for up to four hours talk time and up to 300 hours standby time - I think those figures are overly optimistic).Now that the battery issue is solved, I really like my Venture phone.  For me it is a good introduction to an android phone.  I can do a lot of things with it - search the Internet, check my e-mail, take pictures and movies, shop, check Facebook, use a GPS, and more.  I can leave verbal messages for myself, write memos to myself, set different ring tones for different people.  I like Office Suite - I can read Microsoft office file formats and view PDF files on my phone!  While I downloaded and read the User's Manual I didn't really need it - using the phone really is intuitive.  I've had no problems receiving or making phone calls - the sound is clear and I've had no dropped calls.The Venture may not be for everyone - the short battery life may not be suitable for people who make frequent phone calls or texts.  But for someone like me who uses my cell phone infrequently and wants a low monthly payment, no contract phone plan, the Venture is perfect.