After a screen crack accident involving my Nokia 5800, I read reviews, visited phone stores, ordered two and sent them back, and then decided to try the new Nokia 701.  I had spent several frustrating days with the 5800, sorting out the symbian software, even with prior experience in linux distributions.  There is no comparison.  Nokia would be incredibly stupid to drop symbian now that they have just about got it right.  Even on the 5800, once I got the phone tuned, so to speak, symbian becam an incredibly precise and reliable operating system. Now, symbian^3 in the anna and belle iterations has become an easy, beautiful and flexible system to use.  Stick with it, Nokia. And, with google notoriously betraying users, apple apps leaking user info like mad, it seems simply prudent to stay with symbian.And now, the phone.  Simply a beautiful object.  Unlike many expensive phones I picked up, handled- this has true gravitas.  Nothing, nothing "plasticky" about it. almost corner to corner gorilla glass. I assume those smooth bumper corners must be plastic, but there is no thinness to it.  The metal battery cover, the precise latch mechanism, lead to the beauty inside- the machined metal frame.And the functions. First- in review after review,  I encountered mediocre to poor call quality mentioned as an afterthought- IN A TELEPHONE.  None of that here.  Nokia builds phones, and the phone radios are great.  I use AT&T-; sorry Iphone owners, it was not the service provider.  Those calls you lost were your appliance sucking.The 701 also has an FM transmitter.  This means that all the music it can store- and it accepts more memory than any sane person could fill- can be broadcast to any nearby FM radio.  No wires.  It works.  Just went through the drill. Of course, gps, internet, games, blah. blah.Nokia was rumored to be dying.  I have seen the competition, the phones, the OS- I say Nokia is on a roll. The windows alliance may help in the US, but the new symbian- and the sheer beauty of the phone- will appeal to those who admire design, execution, and intelligence worldwide.