It's an Android phone that costs a bit more than 200 (at the time of order). Considering that it's a great phone.The resolution is HVGA (340x480), and while the screen isn't (by far) rich in details, paired with the digitizer (I think that's the name of the capacitive input piece) it provides a very nice touch feedback. I mean, on some low-end phones, the touch feels erratic (I'm looking at you, Galaxy 5), but not on this phone: it's as sleek as it gets on a phone with its limitations. To sum it up, the touch feels very fluid, which is a surprise.The internal storage is _the_ downside of this phone. You will fill it in no time when you start to download many apps, even when you put all of them on the SD card (remember: it still stores some inside).The battery feels "OK". Granted, if you do any graphics/CPU intensive --- which is basically any game on this phone --- it will drain fast. But first of all, I don't think this phone is for people who want to game and also demand good battery life. It's a basic Android phone for those that don't want to (or can't) buy subsidized. It also has Gingerbread, which ensures plenty of life time when it comes to apps. And even after that, there are Ice Cream Sandwich ROMs for it (still buggy, give them time...). The phone is good as it is, but it's nice to have the option. If you use all your regular apps and phone calls, the battery will last. Battery is not a problem under regular use.Performance wise, of course there are lags here and there. Ice Cream Sandwich provided a lot of bells and whistles (in this case, a much more fluid UI), and this phone has Gingerbread only (with no official updates beyond that). And... the hardware is very modest. The most impressive stuff is that Samsung made a very good job on this and other phones: it's more responsive than stock Android (I've read about them adding tile-rendering to the browser and other stuff added only later in Honeycomb, not sure about that).The camera is definitely subpar. But it's expected for the price.Considering the price, I give it 5 stars. It's great for people that want a good smartphone and couldn't care less about future updates (it's good enough "as is"), all while paying less.