On July 17, 2012 I ordered ASUS Zenbook Prime UX31A-AB71 which I order on my personal account and it was returned 3 days latter (see my review here: www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-reviews/A2FQKE46RBPSBN/)On August 11, 2012 I decided to order UX31A-DB51, another model of Zenbook for my business trip abroad. I needed laptop that would impress my business partners (yes in some countries appearance is important... like Russia) it arrived one day before my departure. I left without turning it on hoping that first one was just a lemon and this time everything will be smooth. Was I wrong!When I arrived to Russia and finally turned it on I screamed, the screen had this weird nebula/milky way looking defect (kind of like our galaxy of you look at it from the side, just google image search "milky way infrared" and it looks exactly like that). The defect is about 4 inches long and 1/2 inch wide almost in the middle of the screen. It is visible only when laptop is on and REALLY stands out on darker background (if connected to external monitor the defect is not visible). Out of respect to my business partners I decided not use ZenBook for presentation purposes and had to buy another laptop in Russia at great expense and put ZenBook back in the suitcase. I was MAD!My trip was 3 months so I could not return it back to Amazon. Now I'm back in the US and decided to start using the ZenBook with external monitor. Hooked it up and 10 minutes latter I'm writing this review.As in my older review of UX31A-AB71, UX31A-DB51 had same problems and more.Of course Trackpad/Touchpad is horrible and is still unusable even after the updates. ( External mouse helps)Video play back for files on hard drive is horrible and jerky as if I'm plying it over the network on super old laptop with no memory and cheap video card. VERY frustrating and is not acceptable.Physical memory is always running at 70-80% from the start I guess due to all the Asus junk applications and services.And of course it still wobbles on marble table it still rocks back and forth just enough to start hating it.WiFi is unusable, it is on and connected, but the speed is about 0.05 Mbps  where as the rest of my computers are running via WiFi at 5Mbps as they should.I'm furious, but not sure what to do. Window of opportunity to return it back to Amazon has passed, but I really do not want this brick in my house. Do any of you have an advice on what I can do? I do not want to send it to Asus for a fix. I do not want this thing period and would love to get my money back. I freaking HATE ZenBook Prime, I actually started to hate the very words "Zen", "Book" and "Prime". I want this filth out of my life and I want my hard earned money back in my pocket. Any ideas? Should I file BBB claim on Asus? Should try to deal with Amazon and hope they will understand the situation ( I have plain tickets and visas in my passport to proof the trip to Russia)I literally turned this abomination on only 10 times and spent at most 10 frustrating hours on it. Needless to say I will not be ordering Zen line and may be any of the Asus products EVER again. (Oh, I forgot to tell that the part where speaker are has cracked (remember I opened it 10 times) so no, it is not sturdy.My first review had the sum up: Trackpad = MASSIVE FAIL, Video Playback = MASSIVE FAIL, WiFi = FAIL.This time:  Trackpad = MASSIVE FAIL, Video Playback = MASSIVE FAIL, WiFi = MASSIVE FAIL, Build = MASSIVE FAIL