If you're considering switching to a Mac, I'd like to share my experience and its happy ending. Others have sufficiently reviewed and critiqued the Macbook Air from a technical point of view... so I won't reiterate that. Instead I'll briefly recount the thought process and experience of one guy making the transition.I debated for a long time about whether to make the switch from my Windows based laptop to the Mac platform... I had bought my wife a Mac Mini two years ago and she has actually felt so-so about it. Her Mac is far more stable than her previous PC, which she appreciates. But--she feels--her Mac is not as amazing and "intuitive" as it was cracked up to be. We have discovered in the meanwhile that there is some truth to the idea that some people's brains just seem to resonate more with one system or the other. In many ways, she is more of a "Windows gal," as she puts it. Nonetheless, she has been very happy to have a system that is so stable and does not crash or freeze. And in most other respects, she has been satisfied.So given her sufficiently positive experience, it made sense to seriously consider the idea of getting our entire household all on the same platform rather than having to duplicate software and OS upgrades moving forward.Furthermore, I was increasingly having several issues with my laptop: slow-ish; prone to daily freezes or crashes; weird, buggy quirks that I could never seem to eliminate. Finally, being a (very) frequent business traveler, the weight of it (about 6-7 pounds, with the power supply), was a big drag. So given all these considerations, it was a natural to consider the switch.So why didn't I make the leap right away???My hesitation stemmed from several sources. 1st, I'd spent a chunk of money just a few years back on my laptop and its docking station--so the "Scotsman" in me was not too keen to switch to a new machine before thoroughly "amortizing" my previous investment, i.e. getting my full money's worth out of it! 2nd, the thought of having to transfer files, re-load software, re-establish internet and email settings, etc. etc. made me nauseous to even think about it... Finally, there would be some things on my Windows laptop that I wouldn't be able to use on my new Macbook Air (like receipt scanner software that goes with my Windows-based travel scanner... or my MS Flight simulator and joystick).In sum, making the leap entailed some significant costs, monetary and otherwise.Ultimately, after thinking through all the pros and cons, it boiled down to: (a) erase my laptop and reinstall XP (or purchase Windows 7) plus all other software to get all the performance issues resolved or (b) bite the bullet, pay the bucks, and make the switch.In the end, the idea of running two platforms in one house just didn't make sense... and longer-term, it seemed like a fruitless struggle to keep myself chained to an inferior system... And, amidst that joyless scenario, I kept hearing fantastic kudos from friends and colleagues about the Macbook Air (MBA) and othe Macs... making it very alluring, indeed...I did briefly consider the Macbook Pros... but I didn't really need any extra processing power that that decision might entail... and being a road warrior clinched it. The light weight, instant turn-on and turn-off of the MBA (plus the fact that I use fairly basic functions, like internet, email, Office, iPhoto, etc.) made me opt for the Macbook Air (MBA), which I purchased in July 2011.I was, of course, chagrined to have them come out with the NEXT model just a month later... but the differences are fairly negligible, given my usage.I did buy an external disk drive for the very occasional time when I might need it. In 2 months, I've only needed it 1 time, thus far. So not having to schlepp that embedded weight around is actually a huge plus. Similarly having "only" 2 USB ports has proven to be a non-issue. I have to switch out some cords now and again, but it is no big deal compared to the extra weight and clunkiness more ports would entail.The transition from PC to Mac has been far easier than I anticipated all in all... and though not everything about the way a Mac functions is better or more efficient than Windows (sometimes there are some surprising, but minor, quirks and deficiencies), overall, I do indeed find the Mac experience, stability, and the fabled "intuitiveness" to be a joy. I just love this computer and it was worth every penny. I've never said that about any previous computer I've owned. And as light as it is, I actually use it around home just like an iPad... yet can do serious work on it.So, if you're at all similar to me (50; long-time PC user; critical; appreciative of systems and equipment which work effectively and aesthetically; fairly basic computer user (though Mac is known for workingwonderfully for far more sophisticated functions than I need)... then life is too short not to make the switch. It really is a joy!