I purchased the Acer to replace a similar Asus model, the X201 series. There were many things I liked about the Asus, but I found I could use more battery life, and the glossy screen could be annoying. In general, the Acer V5 is a better machine for taking on the road, as it has roughly double the battery life of the Asus X201, and the Acer's matte screen remains wonderfully reflection free.That said, the Acer doesn't have all the advantages. First, what you get is a computer that boots to a crippled Linpus Linux loopback install. You can't do anything with it. Acer provides a CD, but it contains user manuals that give meaningless advice on setting up your machine. Oh, and they provide Windows Vista drivers. Vista is a rather outdated, much maligned operating system that basically has faded away.Some of this laptop feels rather old from a hardware perspective, too. First, the three USB ports are all version 2. The Asus managed one USB3 port, at least. Still "old" isn't always bad. The Acer has a RAM slot inside that allows upgrades to 8G. What you won't find inside is a battery. It hangs off the back, and sticks down quite a ways.The battery does two things. It angles the laptop's keyboard quite a bit. It also boosts the Acer's weight. That weight gives you a boost in battery life. Running the identical setup (Debian) on both the Acer and the Asus, I get 8 hours reported on the Acer, and 4 on the Asus. I could get close to the 4 hour figure on the Asus, and really looking forward to working with the Acer.Linux hardware compatibility is pretty good, as the Sandy Bridge chipset is well supported. Broadcom supplies a trouble free Gigabit Ethernet, and the Atheros wireless works well with Linux. I ran into one issue with Debian. The screen brightness keys would register on screen, but the screen would not change brightness. I fixed it by changing one line in the /etc/defaults/grub file to look like this:GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX="acpi_osi='Linux'"You then run update-grub as root, and reboot. It seems lots of Acer laptops suffer from this issue.Connectivity, like the Asus, is exemplary. Three USB ports, a deep SD card slot, Ethernet, and two video outputs (VGA and HDMI) round out the package.Final words about the keyboard and touchpad. The keyboard is decent. I like the separate page-up and down keys. I don't like that these keys are part of a complex of tiny keys that include arrows, and a host of function keys. It's all a bit hard to get used to.Other reviewers have panned the touchpad. I won't. While smaller than the Asus pad, the Acer's Elantech pad responds well to taps and swipes. Linux users would do well to get acquainted with Synclient, a typically Linux solution to many touchpad issues. It involves command line techniques, editing text files and creating scripts. It's also the most powerful touchpad adjustment program out there. With it I set up two fingered vertical scrolling, one fingered bottom edge horizontal scrolling, and two and three fingered tapping.Should you get the Acer? Sure, if computers don't scare you. While computers from Asus come with a working system installed, the Acer is a better road machine. You may also want to try out some Haswell chipset machines. These chips squeeze about 50% more life from a given battery. As of this writing, the only Haswell based laptops I have seen in this form factor are Chromebooks, and they have their own issues.Update 21 May, 2014: I have run into continual problems with the SD card slot. This has been pretty consistent over a wide range of kernels and cards. Slow cards (class 4) only mount if you boot the machine with the card inserted. If you pull the card, and want to re-insert it, you have to reboot the system with the card installed.Faster cards (classes 6, 10, and above) don't work period. They may be recognized, but are not read.I have tried various Linux kernels from 3.2 to 3.14. I have also tried drivers from Debian's repository and Broadcom's Web site. As far as I can make out, Broadcom's Linux support is either lacking, or the reader itself is. Either way, I am reducing the rating of the laptop by one star.The work around involves the purchase of an SD card to USB adapter.