Let me start by saying that out of the box this product would never receive 4 stars. This is why; Vista on 1Gb of ram just won't do.Samsung have clearly listened to some complaints as my unit did not come with McAfee installed, in fact that amount of bloatware was very limited. Upon booting the device installs itself, then needs an hour to create a backup on its drive. Which is annoying because it places it on a hidden partition swallowing up 13Gb of storage (of your 60Gb).The touch settings in Vista are pretty bad by default, so you really need to tweak those a lot to get them right (turn off the silly mouse "help" pointer, enable the keyboard instead of handwriting recognition etc...).After that you need to do something mean to it; rip it open and swap out the 1Gb module for a 2Gb one. It's not for everyone but there are some very handy video tutorials online. All you need is a small screwdriver and steady hands. The 2Gb module (2Gb DDR2 notebook memory) cost me $49. With 2Gb you'll notice a MASSIVE increase in speed. Applications now run smoothly, open fast and there is little to no disk memory swapping. But like I said; it's not a question of an easy to open panel, you need to remove the entire backside of the machine to reach the ram. Why Samsung don't just deliver it with 2Gb is beyond me.Once you have upgraded the ram and tweaked the OS you need to turn off the Vista indexing service (google it), this reduces the amount of drive accesses for indexing your files. All that does is help with file searches which you probably rarely do anyway.Now with 2Gb, better tweaks and some services turned off you'll want to turn off the Vista Aero settings (once again; google it).It's taken you 2 hours, but now you have a PERFECT speedy little UMPC that runs nice and fast.Some general observations:The mouse pointer is beyond useless. It has little to no acceleration, use the stylus and keep the mouse in joystick mode, it'll make scrolling much easier.The "dialpad" popup keyboard is horrendous, ignore it and never touch it again.The keyboard on the device itself is for emergencies only. Because that is about the only time you'll put yourself through the agony of typing something on it. The best and (in my opinion) fastest way to type is with the on screen keyboard, or the (optional) Samsung portable keyboard (or any small keyboard of your choice). The Samsung is listed for $89, but comes with a built in eraserhead mouse. Amazon has a folding Bluetooth keyboard for $29 which is a great option for this machine.Audio is impressive, nice and loud.Wifi is great, it connects much faster than my Dell XPS notebook and never drops a signal.The device boots in under a minute and wakes from sleep in around 12 seconds (including connecting to wifi).The screen is perfect; great resolution and extremely bright and sharp.Heat is an issue. It DOES get warm, but never to the point where it will burn you or that it becomes too hot to handle.The Microsoft Origami interface is awesome. Anyone that has seen Media Center will recognize the look and feel. It's a media center/application launcher optimized for touch screens.Bluetooth is stable, they use the Widcomm Bluetooth stack (which put simply means they use a third party company for the Bluetooth software and not the limited Microsoft package).The package is a little limited. You get the unit, a charger, a battery, a wrist strap (that also works as a handle, very clever) and a cheap (poor quality) case. In my opinion Samsung should have delivered it with the organizer case and a keyboard, but I fully understand they wanted to keep costs low on it.All in all it's a winner. I picked it over the competition (Sony UX380 or the OQO model II) because of the screen and the fact that I can upgrade the Ram. The Sony is limited to 1Gb no matter what you do, and the OQO is underpowered with a VIA cpu. Even though this device is only 800MHz I felt that it ran faster than the OQO model II I tested.  It also has the perfect screen size to resolution ratio. The Sony has a higher resolution screen, but is 2 inches smaller making it near impossible to work on for longer durations.My only real annoyance with Samsung is the model numbering on the Q1 ultra series. First of all; calling it Q1 was plain stupid. The previous model was also called Q1, and it's nothing like this machine, so google searches for "q1 ultra" return 100's of hits on "q1 ultra portable" which is usually NOT this device. Note to Samsung; next time, call it Q2.Then the various models of the Q1 Ultra; they make one with no Bluetooth or cameras, one with Vista, 2 cameras and Bluetooth but no fingerprint scanner, one with XP, 2 cameras, Bluetooth and a fingerprint scanner and several others. All with cryptic names. Bad move. It's near impossible to determine what the exact specifications are of this machine.All in all I can highly recommend the Samsung Q1 Ultra for people shopping for an ultra portable PC. If you use Skype, Office, Internet Explorer/Firefox, Mail and most other basic applications you will be very happy (once again; only on 2Gb). It won't do well on heavy applications like video editing or graphic designs.