For those of you who are already using a tablet of some sort, you'll be right at home with this machine.  I'm running Win8.1 Enterprise on it and couldn't be happier with its performance and overall enhancement to my workday.  I LOVE being able to use the on-screen touch keyboard for quick purposes, and using this machine is breaking my dependence on the mouse.This machine comes pre-loaded with Win8 Home, which meant I had to blow it away in order to use it for work.  For users who plan to join to a domain, know this ahead of time.  Do yourself a favor and save the ASUS SmartGesture files for the touchpad, else your life will be a pain with the touchpad until you download the software from the vendor, more on that below.Be advised:  this machine does NOT come with a CD/DVD drive, though it is mentioned in the product description.  If this is a deal-breaker, look for another touchscreen laptop.  This machine is very thin and very light, and there is no room for any optical drive.It'd be a good starter machine for someone who's accustomed to tablets.  Leaping into this setup after only knowing desktops or traditional laptops, ehhhh...I won't lie:  Win8/8.1 has a learning curve.  I've used every version Microsoft OS since Win3.1, and I have to say, this one took me a while to get the hang of, but now that I do, I LOVE IT.  Win8.1 and this touchscreen laptop are a fantastic couple.PROS:1. Very lightweight, excellent if you have to tote it around all day or if it's on your back as you're barreling through an airport.2. Works seamlessly with Win8.1 and Office365.3. Great sound quality for listening to music, presentations, or doing meetings over VOIP.4. Keyboard is great for even the lightest touch.  You won't be banging on these keys unless you're angry at something else.5.  Good, clear video display and excellent touch response--you won't be poking icons over and over to get something to open, that's for sure.6.  Insanely quiet machine--I barely know it's on because I don't hear its fans at all, though I know they're working.  You could use this next to someone sleeping, and they wouldn't know you had a computer in the bed.  My other laptop sounds like it's getting ready to taxi down a runway.CONS:1.  The CAPS lock key doesn't have a LED to indicate when it's active.  ASUS, why?  Was this too expensive an option for your users?  This is the first laptop I've ever owned that didn't have a light-up CAPS key.  Seems like small beans to complain about until YOU'RE SCREAMING AT EVERYONE BECAUSE YOU FORGOT CAPS IS ON.2.  The touchpad is enormous.  Now, if you're a fan of tap-to-click, then you'll love the vast expanse of touchpad real estate.  If, however, you're like me, tap-to-click is a giant pain in the ass.  There isn't a feature in the touchpad software where you can disable this with one click--in the SmartGesture software, simply uncheck all the boxes for one-finger, etc.  This is the ONLY way to disable the touchpad without disabling your mouse.3.  No CD/DVD drive present on this machine.  Given that so much exists or is accessible in the cloud, I get why they eliminated this hardware.  Still, it doesn't belong in the product description.4. Only two USB slots--unless you plan to tote a hub around with you, you're not hooking all your devices to this laptop.  There's one on each side.  There are no ports for anything on the back of the machine.5.  NO REMOVABLE BATTERY.  That's right...once it's gone, it's gone.  I expect the manufacturer believes that your average laptop has a shelf life of 3-4 years before you'll replace it.  I have a traditional laptop that's about 4, and yes, it's time to buy a new battery, but at least I have the option to make that laptop last me a little longer with a replaceable battery.