I purchased this laptop at Micro Center for about four hundred dollars. Being only thirteen, this was the largest purchase I have made.I bought it for school, and it has surpassed my expectations. A friend of mine has the previous incarnation of this laptop, the Acer Aspire AS5732Z, and is very satisfied. Acer is not exactly regarded as a high quality brand, yet once you try them out, you will as well think otherwise. Five months of being beat up class to class in middle school would certainly take it's toll on something, yet this particular laptop is surprisingly resilient. Five months of constant typing, and the keyboard is still in like new condition. I almost purchased the Acer iconia W500, but decided against it because of its TINY hard drive, and only two gigabytes of ram. With windows 7 Home Premium 64 Bit, it is certainly more powerful than, say a Macbook of sorts. I mean not to hate on Apple, but their products are designed to be cool, and what is in style; not functiobnal, and certainly not fast. Back to the Acer, this thing is still going strong, and Christmas is coming soon. For the price, you really cannot get much of a better deal anywhere, on anything else. The dual core processor is fast, and allows for very fast boot up time. I am the only one in my grade that has a Windows platform based laptop (The friend with the previous incarnation is seventh grade). Long after I am ready to type notes, all the other kids are just barely even starting microsoft word. I cannot believe that people will buy a Mac, then expect it to perform quickly. For notes, this thing can save, open and edit in a flash. The keyboard has a standard keyboard, but off to the rigt, there is a number pad, you know with the 789  456  123  0. layoutWhen you want to type quickly, this computer offers very firm keys, that you will know if the input sent or not. I am oh so very satisfied with this machine, and sometimes I catch myself wondering why I had not bought it earlier. This was an upgrade from an Aspire one Netbook, that was a bit sluggish, but did the job nonetheless. I cannot recommend this enough(especially over a macbook).UPDATEIt is the 28th of December 2012, and that darned laptop just won't quit!! As previous reviewers have stated, it does run warm, and the fan is a little loud, but all considered, it was most definitely worth the purchase. I have taken it on many upon many road trips, getting beat up going down the road, and it has performed flawlessly (Although google chrome does give me problems sometimes).I highly recommend this laptop, although, the price it seems to be going for now makes it much less of a good deal. That may, however, and unfortunately, be inflation taking it's toll on things.It is still a great laptop,and I have no regrets buying it over the IConia w500 tablet. You can run High fps games on this laptop, and it barely stutters.UPDATE:it is the 26th of December 2013, and this laptop has started having a few issues. Something has broken loose within the cooling fan, and it now makes an occasional rattling noise. the cooling fan never did work properly, and it overheats and shuts down spontaneously on occasion. I've taken this laptop camping many times, and the back of the screen has gotten too hot to touch because of the campfires, but it just keeps hanging in there. e price that these are going for now makes this laptop not worth it anymore. I have purchased a Lenovo G500S Touch Screen that will be arriving tomorrow, and replacing this Laptop. I've got no regrets about purchasing this, and it's an excellent computer to start out with. This computer will remain the computer that i take camping with me, and on road trips, but my new Lenovo will stay at home. It needs to last a long time.THIS WILL BE THE FINAL UPDATE, as I have gotten a new laptopThanks, A.