Well up to the point at which I bought my first Mac, I was definitely a PC but now I know what I've been missing. Apple have been on the rise over the past few years thanks to their wonderful invention of the iPod. There's no doubting that the mass media attention surrounding Apple thanks to the iPod has lead to an increase in sales of the Mac. Honestly, that's the reason I decided to get a Mac when my last Windows laptop broke and I've not looked back.Aesthetically, the Macs are just gorgeous to look at both on the outside and in the operating system software. That is Apples biggest selling point, make it simple and make it pretty. Pretty it is, but at first simple it is not. Having been a user of Windows software since I've been able to use a computer, getting used to the Max operating system created a learning curve which I couldn't be bothered with at the time. It really is so easy that I felt like a pro using it within about half an hour.Thanks to the 2GB Ram of my laptop the transission between programs is almost flawless and because I generally don't do that much on my computers anyway, just word processing and the likes, I have noticed almost no lag in the running of the programs. The laptop itself is light, sturdy and just very durable as it has been knocked about a bit.Battery life is around 4 hours on low power mode which is very, very impressive as I generally need to use this to do work outside the home without the absence of an electrical output. Because the AC adaptor of my model connects magnetically, I have to say that it's a very very cool feature but worry about how long it will last before the magnet decides not to attach itself to my laptop.It does come in a few different colours, (Black, Silver, White) and silver would get the recommendation from me as it just seems fitting and better looking overall. The processor works perfectly and as mentioned before there is pretty much no lag in switching between programs. Virus possibilities are almost non-existent as it's very rare that virus's are made to attack Mac software so there's no need for virus detection software.There is little to no need to update your Mac software as it's top of the range when you buy it and genuinely ahead of the market. The load and shut down times are almost half of any Windows PC making that even more appealing as if you need to get to your work quickly, you can. It doesn't generate any large amount of heat from the processor so you can place the laptop in sleep mode and leave it overnight without the worry of overheating.If you want to look cool in Starbucks then you should buy one of these, and if you want to do your work with little difficulty, then you should buy it. Hell, just buy the damn thing.