I bought this laptop, and at the same time purchased an SSD with the intent of upgrading the hard drive.Despite many attempts I could not install windows 8 with a clean install on the SSD.  I contacted Microsoft support and their team spent no less than 4 days attempting to install Windows onto the SSD with the brand new Y480 Ideapad.  After 2 days, the call center assigned me the best technician available at a tier 2 level of support.  The tier 2 technicians routinely perform about 10 Windows installations per day.  They usually take the most difficult install cases.  Using remote applications, they virtually monitored the entire install until boot.  They ultimately could not install Windows 8.  They concluded that the issue was my Lenovo laptop.I contacted Lenovo support.  I was continually disconnected from calls after waiting on hold for long periods of time (this happened 3 times).  Despite taking my phone number, none of the employees that I worked with called me back.  I escalated support to two supervisors and to the manager of the customer support - literally the person that sets procedures for receiving calls.During my calls, I discovered that there was a known issue with the Lenovo BIOS preventing users from making Windows 8 installs.  Despite acknowledging this, I was not offered any support or suggestions as to how I could solve the issue with the BIOS.  I was told that to receive any more assistance, I would have to pay for premium support from the software team.  The hardware staff was rude and not at all interested in actually supporting the Lenovo product.While this was going on, I read online forums and discovered a 'whitelist' maintained by the BIOS that only allows certain system configurations.  Based on my readings on the internet, I believe the whitelist limits upgrades to the wireless chip for example, to only a few manufacturers / products with a particular serial number.  Any other upgrade will not be integrated correctly by the system.  A forum even posted a non-whitelist version of the BIOS - though this is out of date and crashed someone else's computer.I speculate that the whitelist also has Windows activation codes that prevents clean installs of windows on the machine.Overall, this was a very frustrating experience.  Though I was never able to install Windows 8 on the SSD, I was able to use imaging software to backup and restore the HDD onto the SSD and essentially clone the hard drive (Not at all a straightforward process, I think due to particular configurations of this laptop).If I had to do this again, I would not have purchased this laptop, though it is very reasonably priced, and has great hardware...  The reason to buy from a large brand name like Lenovo (or anyone else - Dell , Toshiba , Apple, etc) is that when things go wrong, they support the product.Well the support is lousy.In the future, I would go with a small business laptop builder based on the internet.  Though these companies are smaller and don't have name recognition, I am certain that customer support would be MUCH better, there would be no weird proprietary black lists on the BIOS - I faced a similar issue with a Dell workstation I bought a couple years back related to a CPU upgrade, and I ignored my own advice from back then...  Generally small custom builders companies tend to be priced reasonably as they don't have a name brand to back them up - they may sell 'Sager' notebooks for example.  The name brands are irrelevant though, because all the internals are literally commodities.  And I would rather use a Sager motherboard without any tampering of the BIOS than a Lenovo / Dell computer with proprietary crap added to 'differentiate' their product.In the end, since I got the darn thing to work, I kept the laptop with my SSD, but definitely not dealing with this hassle again.