I'm not the type to write long reviews, but for this laptop I had to! I've been using this laptop for a few days now and absolutely love it. I am a very "techy" person and did A LOT of research before coming to my decision to purchase the Lenovo Twist. I did not want to settle with Windows RT or an Intel ATOM processor because of the limitations. That being said: I saw a few reviews complaining that the screen rotation and the touchpad mouse was very glitchy and did not work properly. I have not had any problems whatsoever. This laptop looks very good in person, a lot of video reviews I saw made the laptop look bulky and "old". It is absolutely beautiful with the matte finish (I'm a huge fan of matte black)The touch screen is very responsive and feels good to touch. It is a 5 point touch meaning that it can recognize 5 fingers at once. The overall laptop performance is great, from a cold startup it takes about 10secs or less to hit the start screen. I am able to download games that has high requirements such as speed and graphics, and this laptop worked perfectly. I downloaded multiple items while playing a game and it did not slow down the computer at all which is very impressive.  Also I made sure to install every update possible before using the laptop. Windows 8 does take a little time to learn everything but once you got it, it will be the best os you ever used. The Microsoft store had a lot of apps, actually more than I expected and they are adding more and more. I was surprised to find a lot of my apps I currently use on my iPhone was available in the Microsoft store, so I was easily able to sync a lot pictures, files, etc.The only downfall is the battery, this does not bother me because I am always near an outlet, but if you are a person that is always on the go and not always near an outlet, this may not be for you.Overall this is hands down the best laptop purchase I have ever made and I definitely recommend this.UPDATE 1/14/2013So this is an update to my previous review above. As much as I wanted to love this laptop I can't. It is very slow and laggy. I needed something that is fast and reliable especially when doing school work on it. 3 hours of battery life is something that I cannot deal even though I am home mostly. For over $800 this machine could definitely been way better then it is. I've updated every possible driver and made sure everything was up to date. But still not good enough. I do not think it is something wrong with my laptop because I recently bought the acer iconic w700 windows 8 laptop and is was also very slow and laggy and impossible to do continuous work without getting frustrated because of the freezing. Windows 8 is fun to play with but overall needs a lot of work.Not keeping either one Sadly!!