I've been looking for a new laptop to replace my 6 year old IBM/Lenovo T60p which has a very nice wide viewing angle "IPS" display with good color. Most laptops have horrible displays which change colors as you push the screen forward and back.The Yoga is a "convertible" and can switch between a standard laptop, two "stand" modes, and tablet mode. It has a gorgeous, bright, IPS display. My main dislike is the aspect ratio, which is 16:9 instead of 16:10. Only Mac laptops have a 16:10 aspect ratio, which is unfortunate because they aren't available with touch screens and have issues running Windows in Bootcamp.For tablet use, the Yoga is large. It can be used on your lap as a tablet, but it's unwieldy to hold it up for long. The 16:9 aspect ratio means that it's awfully long and thin in portrait mode. It works best in the "stand" modes (especially for movie viewing) and laptop mode.The Yoga's boot time is ridiculous. It's the fastest device I own, booting in 10 seconds or less. From standby, wait time is 1-2 seconds.On the Yoga I spend more time using the traditional desktop mode than the metro interface, but that may change with time as more apps become available. Netflix in the metro interface is great. Desktop mode is quite usable with the touchscreen and trackpad; I often reach to the screen to move a window or scroll a web page. Touch is definitely a winner with Windows 8.With respect to my T60p, the Yoga is about twice as fast and has much more memory capacity. The T60p has a gorgeous 15", 4:3 IPS display but it's a bit dim in it's old age. Overall the Yoga is more responsive, much lighter, thinner, brighter, faster, better battery life (5-6 hours) - an improvement in most ways except screen size and aspect ratio.Unlike iPad and Android tablets, the Yoga isn't really designed to be "always on / always connected", at least I haven't tried that and I have it set to go into standby when the lid is closed. The Yoga and other PC convertibles are laptops first. I can't speak to the Windows 8 tablets that have keyboard docks, such as the interesting-looking Samsung Ativ series, as I haven't tried them.The 128gb SSD storage isn't large enough for me, however there is an open mSATA slot where you can add another SSD.  You can add more memory up to 8GB.  Also Lenovo has recently released a "patch" that increases the amount of free space on the SSD significantly. You don't even have to reboot :-)Although Windows 8 has received a lot of bad press, I believe that it will revitalize the PC industry to some extent, and provide many options for people like me that are looking for a device that is more powerful than a tablet while still being portable and touch-friendly.  Soon many laptops will have touch screens, and the quality of the screens will improve because convertibles like the Yoga that function in tablet mode can't afford to shift colors when you move them around.Check out the Yoga, and it's little brother the Lenovo Twist, both of which are great laptops first, and tablets second. The "stand" modes are great too. Dell makes a 12.5 inch convertible with a rotating screen. There are also many laptops coming available that don't convert to a tablet mode but have gorgeous IPS touch screen displays, such as the 15.6" HP Spectre XT Touchscreen. I've ordered one of these as the Yoga's screen at 13.3" isn't quite large enough for me, so I may return the Yoga.Products like the Microsoft Surface are interesting, but it's too much a tablet and not enough a laptop for me.  I have a Nexus 7 tablet and just don't use it that much.  For me, a Windows laptop with tablety features like the Yoga makes the most sense, complemented by a smartphone.