Peace and blessings!.I had made some research before purchasing this notebook. My previous notebook was a HP 1030-US 14".The reasons that made me choose this one have been:Acer brand,Costumers rating and reviews,Core i5,14 inches touchscreen,Lightweight;Backlit keyboard;Bluetooth 4.0 and USB 3.0, andPrice;After working around with it for about two weeks, I can share the following:Pros:Looks sleek,Third generation Core i5 is Ok.The fan is very silent,It has not warmed the downside cover at all, and I can use on my lap,Touchscreen is responsive and accurate, and the screen seems always clean after use. Therefore, it is not a strong finger print magnet. Point to Acer.Windows 8 is tricky and I had to familiarize with it. After some training, Windows 8 turned out to be interesting.Keyboard is backlit and lights on as I type any key, and lights off when not in use. It has also a command to turn lights off permanently. This is a good facility and allows me to spare battery.The track pad is sensitive, and has a command to enable and disable it.The notebook has a light DVD player and recorder, although I seldom use it.It comes with Office 365 and Mcafee anti-virus pre-installed (trial versions).Cons:During regular use, which means, Wifi on, screen brightness in the lowest setting, surfing the web, downloading files, battery life will NOT last for more than three hours! Once I disabled Wifi and set it to plane mode, turned off keyboard lights, dimmed screen to lowest possible brightness, also disable a sort of memory boot setting (You can look for informations about this setting in the manual), and just used for tying on MS Word, the battery dropped from 75% to 20% in three hours. Therefore, I estimate it may last up to five, maybe six, hours if fully charged, and in the same restrictive conditions of use as the later above.The keyboard is not very comfortable, as compared to other brands. Often, I have to type twice the same key to have the letter or space typed, as I write this review, for instance. Sometimes, I hit once and it types twice the same letter as, for instance, when I type the letter `a`. This is annoying!The track pad is slightly displaced to the left of the center of the keyboard. This positioning makes me often find the right border of the track pad instead of its center, which makes Windows 8 menu to appear. Again, this is quite annoying.Although fast, USB 3.0 is not as fast as the one in my previous notebook.Original boot up time had been longer when compared to other brands, like ASUS. From pressing the on button, it had taken up to 30 sec to get to the password screen. It had also taken about the same time to complete shut down. Because of that, I decided to increase RAM to eight gigabytes and replace hard disk with a SSD Sandisk Ultra 256. Hard disk replacement was very tricky, and required much attention, but I could do it successfully. To do so, I watched a tutorial in Youtube on how to tear down ACER, which was very instructive. Now, the notebook boots in less 10 sec, and shuts down in about 15 sec.Overall, I gave it four stars.I shall update this revision in a near future.Update: Feb 22nd, 2014I have noticed that the keys of the keyboard are somewhat loose on their places, which may be responsible for the lack of sensitivity when typing. Also, only when I press the center of the space bar, not its corners, is a space inserted in a document.Update: March 7th, 2014The keyboard seems to be much more flawed than I thought at first.The keys seem to be loose on the keyboard. I cannot always print a character on the first keystroke. I often have to type a key more than once for the character to be printed. And at other moments, for a reason unknown to me, when typing once the character is printed twice. This is the most uncomfortable aspect of this computer so far. I am not sure whether this an incident problem on this particular machine I have purchased (lucky me) or a problem also shared by other costumers. I would appreciate if Acer technical assistance could help in fixing this keyboard issue. Peace and blessings.