Although I was thinking of making a "summarized" review, I think this product really deserves a thorough go through.  Just to let you know, I switched over to Mac a little less than 2 years ago, and since then I've had 3 Macbook Pro's and a 27 inch iMac.  As of the purchase of this item I had the 2011 13 inch MB Pro with their 2.8 GHz processor, plus the 2010 27 inch iMac.  Both have memory and HD upgrades.  With this in place, let me get into details:1. Fit and finish, weight, look and feel - Without a doubt this is simply put the best laptop Apple has gotten out in this sense, period.  The machine is significantly lighter than a MacBook Pro, which is a plus being a frequent flier and having to put this on my shoulder along with various cables, an iPad, an iPod and small documents.  The look is all Apple, brushed aluminum with the light up Apple in the middle...  The only down side I've found to Apple's laptops is that they do dent quite easily.  I found this out the hard way since with my previous MB Pro I left the internal zipper in my laptop case not fully closed, and the pressure with alot of documents inside literally made a small ding on my top cover (backside of the screen).  Unfortunately no spare parts to replace this, and repairing would've meant replacing the entire top panel (including the LCD screen) for over $800.2. Features - Again, this machine gets top marks, but does have its drawbacks.  Firstly, the 2011 Airs now have backlit keyboards (again) which is a plus if you work in low light conditions (in my case, on a plane at night).  The computer includes an HD webcam (Facetime camera) which again if you travel and a friend or loved one has one of the more recent Macs or iDevices (iPhone 4, iPad2) you can do videocalls using Apple's facetime feature at no cost and with minimal setup.  Display is not edge to edge like on Macbook Pros, which is a bummer, but it's not noticable if you're coming from another Air or a Windows PC.  As to connectivity, computer has an SD card slot, a Thunderbolt port and 2 USB 2.0 inputs...  And that's it.  This means that everything you have to connect will basically be via a USB.  Therefore, if you need a wired network connection, buy an adapter and take up a USB port...  Need to read a CD or DVD, buy an external Superdrive and connect to a USB port...  This means that you will surely have to purchase a USB hub (if you use external drives you will surely have to purchase a powered hub), so all of this eventually adds up in price.3. OS - For those which use Snow Leopard, Lion is definitely an important step forward in the right direction.  If you don't but already use an iPod touch, iPhone or iPad, many things will seem familiar.  Lion now uses gestures, which basically allows you to use multiple fingers to swipe or move in a direction on your trackpad to do certain items.  I won't go into great detail here but items such as Mission Control and Launchpad are definitely impressive and very user friendly, although many hardcore users will not find themselves using it too much.4. Performance - OK, here's where I leave the best for last.  To be honest, I'm reviewing my Macbook Air I purchased for my wife, since my original plans were not to "downgrade" to the air from a Macbook Pro.  For those of you who don't know, Airs use SSD drives.  In short, this means they are enormous USB pen drives.  The result of this is much lower power consumption, no need to power off the computer when moving it (SSD's have no moving parts, so there's no risk of damaging your hard drive due to motion shock) and the two most important things... very little probability of data loss due to hard drive failure and IMPRESSIVE SPEED!  Although the Air has a lower processor speed than the Pro, the SSD more than makes up for this for common tasks (combined with Lion's efficiency).  From the time I press the power button on the laptop to the moment I get my logon screen... 8 seconds!  To the moment I type in my logon credential to the time the computer is ready to go (with all background processes loaded including antiviruses and indexing programs) 5 seconds!!  I use the Air for virtualization (running windows within my Mac OS) and it is quite fast and responsive for basic tasks, and I also use it for some minor flash animation and other general tasks, and the computer has not disappointed at all.  The only part I have specifically seen a drop in performance versus the Pro is when working with video, such as converting files from one format to another to sync with my iPad.  Otherwise stellar marks.5. Upgradability - Unfortunately, here the Air gets a failing grade.  Basically how you buy the maching is how you will have it.  No options to upgrade RAM or HD (soldered to the motherboard and in the case of the SSD it's an Apple proprietary design) so this has made me have to be creative in cleaning out all of my "non frequently used files" off my laptop since the HD maxes out at 256 GB.  An external HD is a must for photos, movies and music if you have a decent sized collection.So in short, after working a couple of days with my wife's air, I was so impressed that I sold my Pro and purchased one for myself.  Although I don't do my heaviest work on it (I have my iMac for that) it is spectacular for everyday office use and even some heavier than usual lifting...  Definitely something worth buying!