I'd almost give this laptop 5 stars but it makes some (some of which are unneeded) sacrifices to be thin and still affordable. I gave it a rating I think it deserves after spending time with it. Based on the needs of a student, who has a desktop at home for more intense things. I think this is a great laptop for someone who has a desktop already, it's probably not a good idea to use as your only computer. But Apple product reviews attract so many blind fanboys and haters that I'm going to try to give an unbiased review. You really have to ask yourself, are the sacrifices Apple made worth the portability.First what it does have.- The thinnest and lightest 13" laptop you'll find. Period.- Silent operation. I don't mean extremely quiet I mean silent. The only time I hear a soft fan noise was when I really stressed it out.- Nice bright screen with an excellent picture.- Instant on from sleep, and boots up from "off" in seconds.- Decent battery life. Lasts weeks in sleep and 7-8 hours of use.-The Magsafe charger. Something found on all modern Macbooks. I am a fan of this since it won't break or pull the laptop down if you trip on it.- OS X, what can I say once you try OS X you'll only use Windows for Windows exclusive programs and games. Check out the OS X reviews, or better yet go into an Apple store and see it for yourself. Also worth noting is upgrades are a LOT cheaper than a Windows upgrade.- Surprisingly good sound, given the fact that you cant even see the speakers. They won't blow you away (especially if you're an audiophile) but they match my Windows laptop, and that's good enough for a laptop.- The same camera found on the iPhone, which you can use for Facetime or other video chatting.- The USB ports are high powered, meaning they can charge tablets (unlike standard ports that don't provide enough juice), and most importantly they can run external drives that require two USB port from only one port.- SSD storage. SSD is fast enough that it makes up for any lack of speed the processor may have. It's the reason for t- Decent GPU. I was actually expecting to see a crappy Intel GPU in this, instead you have the best on board graphics out. It's not going to hod a candle to dedicated solutions, but if you expected that on an utltra portable you were kidding yourself.What it's missing- Ports. It has two USB ports, one SD slot, and one Mini Display Port (which is useless without an adator unless you have an Apple monitor). Considering it's lack of a DVD drive and storage space, you may find yourself using one or both of those on storage alone.- No CD/DVD. When traveling I can live without this, but everything is not yet digital. There are times when one needs a CD/DVD drive.- Storage. To save space and increase speed Apple used an SSD chip (similar to the iPad). Unfortunatly, while fast this means it cannot be upgraded. If you want more space you'll have to buy an external drive- Outdated CPU. I find it sad that Apple went with a CPU that will be outdated before you even get your laptop home. This thing with a modern i5 would have been a beast. Supposidly it has to do with the i5 not mixing with the nVidia GPU, but I don't know that I buy that. That said, the effecian OS X and super fast SSD mean the laptops performance can still match many i5 Windows laptops.So there you have it.  Hope this helps you make a decision not based on people who think Apple deserves their worshipping or those who think it should burn just for attracting such people.