Why are the ratings so High on this?  Do they keep their Dock hiding or not? Maybe they turn if back and forth. I do know (Apple option D) well at this point. Yea Spaces is cool. Well, if you open 4-16Windows you have to close them or use tricks you have to learn.  Spaces gets old fast. Maybe, Iphoto to edit photos? Nope. You cannot do much with Iphoto; My firework's is light years ahead. Does anyone use Iweb to create web sites? I don't think so. It will not even let you edit just a word to two. Maybe NeoOffice, Neo is just slow and just not sound enough. Itunes, OK itunes has a good set up for radio stations but unless you are going to spend money it will get old also but I do like Itunes. Databases, servers: For people that run mySQL maybe but Filemaker Pro or Bento. Bento is sad and Filemaker is not enough either. This machine is safer browsing web page but it more dangerous because there are many hackers out there with bad advice and too many programs to change the way you custom your system. A backup system is a necessity. Pages and Numbers are Ok. Windows 7 has no mail and this has mail. The mail is not great but it is ok.  This is just a dual core machine when the world is using i3,i5,i7 machines at this price level. It does have on neat feature of letting you take all kinds of screen shots.  The screen shots on this is much better than windows has and I love this feature. I do not like the idea of putting windows 7 or XP on this machine. The extra heat, weaker security, and poorer battery are too much. This machine is not best for .net developers in my opinion. This notebook can be a lot of fun if you want to spend a lot of work learning to use it but you will have to have another machine to do real work on. This machine is fun at first but it gets old real fast. If buying a used one check the age and shape of battery and Apple Care and Dents. The battery can swell up if too many charges. It can blow or cause a lot of damage, so replace it if needed. A big problem is also that this machine only has two usb ports. They are close together and I can not connect a mouse and some of my usb drives. I do not like the mouse pad. It has a few features some people like to play with but I prefer a mouse. My best mouse will not work on mac machines but I have several good logitech mouses that work well. You do have to learn how to handle the wireless on this. If you can not get into your linksys router just try changing the channel.This is a portable machine but why are people getting this over the Hp 2540p. They both get hot but the hp is built better. Snow leopard is needed for xcode 3.2. Xcode does not feel right for me. I liked visual basic and even old C or C++ better. I love having external databases to keep track of my data and can not have that with a mac. You can see from the comments on this that money is behind this. Or maybe is is just apple pushing hype hard and winning.Note also the backlit keyboard is a nice feature but it is not needed most of the time and is best to turn it off.Also note, you need a cover to side your notebook when buying before it gets scratchs and dents. The slip covers run $30. This notebook is like dating the best looking girl in school. It is going to cost you.