Good laptop, good features. Runs fast, nothing to complain about. The only issue with this laptop was the hard drive prematurely failing. Within 1 year, the pc started displaying bizarre behavior, much like random slow downs for extended periods of time among other uncommon events. After talking to technical support about this laptop behavior, they recommended I do a full reformat with the recovery discs. Having used recovery discs to do a full reformat and reinstall of Windows 7, the computer again behaved properly. Some short months after this fresh complete reformat, Windows started to display a message in the system icon area regarding hard drive failure probability. I thought this was an insignificant event and thought it was just Windows being over zealous with reporting errors and failures.After receiving these hard drive error messages for a short time, I decided to use Windows built in error checking tool and used the recover bad sectors and fix system errors options. Still having error messages pop up regarding hard drive failure, I decided to do use the error checking tool a few more times over the next month or so as this was all I could think of.Starting up the laptop one day, it suddenly does not want to boot into Windows. It displays an error message after posting, but before completing the first Windows animation. The laptop no longer boots into windows at all after these events. In the error message, it displays options to discover exactly what was wrong with the pc, I go through the process and among the mumbo jumbo as some say, the conclusion it states as the root of the problem is a Bad Hard Drive Disk.After doing this test multiple times and getting exactly the same message and conclusion. I decided to contact Toshiba again. At first contact, they decided to move my issue up to their Case Manager as they call them. They said I would receive a call back within 3 business days. Four business days roll by and I call them back, after discussing the issue with them they decide to tell me that they don't know what caused it, it could have been my fault, and they chose not to do anything about it, even after me politely discussing them what option I might have. Not even me sending it in to them so they can diagnose it at the least, nothing whatsoever.The hard drive failed within 21 months from the date of purchase, I bought this for my parents and all it does is sit on a table not being used all that much.The most disappointing thing about this encounter with Toshiba is the fact that not only did they refuse to offer any possible diagnosing whatsoever, but back around 1990, Toshiba Corp was sued in a lawsuit involving $2 Billion dollars regarding their knowledge of selling faulty equipment, which involves laptops as well. This information was put in the news by the New York Times as well as others. From my experience with them, they were very unsympathetic.The hard drive it came with was a Toshiba brand hard drive 500GB, I had replaced it with a smaller 250GB Western Digital model as that was one of the cheapest I could find at Best Buy. This unnecessary repair had cost me $60 out of my pocket for a defect Toshiba refuses to even consider offering any help whatsoever. I now understand why Toshiba was sued for $2 Billion dollars, I wouldn't expect them to care for their customers anymore after that kind of loss. Thanks Toshiba.