I read a lot of reviews before buying this, and I've had it for about 6 or 7 months now and have put off reviewing it. I knew the main thing that I would be using this for would be for internet browsing, so it seemed like a good bet. I knew that I would occasionally be needing to use it for other things, but since the bulk of it was for the internet I thought it would make up for it. Plus, it's so lightweight and fast! How can you beat that?Even though I primarily use it for the internet browser, the 1% of the time that I don't is just a huge, frustrating pain. I could go into excruciating detail, but I feel like if I want to do anything other than browse websites, I have to spend a ton of time finding the necessary work around to be able to do it. I bought this laptop and had to buy a new printer so that I could use Google Cloud print. Obnoxious, but I knew what I was getting myself into in that regard. The printer only shows up about half the time, but that's an entirely different story. If I want to print anything, I can't just print it from the browser. I have to first save it to my computer and then print, so I have to routinely clean out my files and get rid of unnecessary pdfs that I don't need anymore.The thing that spurred me to write my review was that I needed to scan a simple document. Normally you could just plug the printer/scanner into the computer and be done with it, but not now. I had to go into the back, innerworkings of my printer and go through the IP address. From there I could webscan, but it won't let me save the file. Why not? Because it doesn't work with Chrome. There's no workaround for this that I've been able to find. You can't download an IE or Firefox app. While you could argue that it's not Chrome's fault, there are tons of websites that I've found that have problems with Chrome, and you're just kind of screwed when that happens. I'm in school and there's a quiz site that has problems only with Chrome, so the instructor just told us to use a different browser if that were the case, but that doesn't exactly work for me.If this isn't your primary computer and you're ONLY using it as a lightweight, fast internet browser it's good. But even on those rare occasions when you might be needing it for a simple task that you take for granted, it's a huge pain. It took me a while to even find a good, reliable document app, and even then I still routinely have trouble. One time I was writing a paper in the web app and the app decided it needed to update right as I needed to print my paper. It wouldn't let me print without first saving the file, but it wouldn't let me save the file until I updated and then I would lose everything.Maybe I just didn't know what I was getting myself into, but I did look into it before I took the leap from regular laptop to Chromebook. I could just be guilty of not knowing exactly what that entails, but mostly I think that I just didn't expect the few times I needed it to function normally for simple tasks outside of web browsing to be so frustrating.EDIT: Ran into another problem with the word app. You know how some documents you get through email frequently have protection enabled, and it's just a simple fix of saying that you want to edit the document and enable editing? Well, in the word web app, that's not possible. It has to be opened in the actual version of Microsoft word to enable editing....except there's no way to do that on a Chromebook.Also, I've found out I can't use Skype! It's not supported. I have a friend who is having trouble setting up a Google account so we couldn't use Google Hangout, and every other option for video chatting is just through a Facebook app. Except that since Facebook uses Skype for video chats, I haven't found a way to video chat through Facebook either. So Google Hangouts is the only option available for video chats.EDIT 2: I don't mean for this review to sound overly negative or like it's a horrible device. Maybe I'm guilty of not looking into every detail of it before my purchase, but I did look at a lot of the main features of it. My purpose in this review is less to try and prove that this is some horrible product (it's not - I'm just definitely immensely frustrated with it at times), but more to compile all of the bullet points that were easy to miss or brush under the rug when I was researching it in hopes that someone else doesn't encounter some of the surprises that I did. Informed purchases and all that good stuff.