Before buying a new laptop, I had done considerable amount of research online about Asus' line of notebooks.  I had to get a new laptop since my super old Sony Vaio's switchable wifi (a horrible idea -.-) broke and thus it was no longer a laptop but a desktop since I had to connect via ethernet cable.  After looking at different brands, I decided that Asus provided the best hardware for the most affordable cost.  Buying another Sony Vaio with equal specifications would've cost me about twice as much, so Asus seemed like a no-brainer.  As a college student, I was looking for a portable laptop with enough power for casual gaming.  I'm not a hardcore gamer, just into those those generic type MMOs.  Of course this Asus model had more than enough power for casual gaming so I was glad, especially with its 1GB DDR3 VRAM.  With a 14 inch screen, it was perfect for mobility but also for watching movies, shows, and the occasional gaming.  The processing is super fast.  Relatively few bloatware, but easy to remove.  The longest it lasts is 4 1/2 hours without wifi, and 3 1/2 hours with wifi on battery saving mode.  I'm reviewing this laptop based on its specs, which are superb for the price, but I did experience problems with it that ultimately made me return the product.In the end, I received two of these models, both experienced system errors and defects.  The first one kept popping up a window saying "Windows Explorer Error," which closed every application running.  The first time it happened was on the third day after its delivery, but I didn't use it almost at all those first three days because the Internet was down at my house.  I realized that anytime I did a right click on a folder or file, this window would pop up.  Obviously this got to be very annoying, especially when it happened multiple times within a minute.  After hearing such great reviews about Asus, I didn't want to give up on it entirely, since this was my first purchase from them.  I called Asus customer support to try to troubleshoot the problem, but to no avail.  So I had to return this first one for a replacement.  I just thought I was unlucky and got a bad egg, so I was hoping the replacement would be free of any problems.  Unfortunately, that didn't happen.  Although the replacement didn't have the same problem as the first, it had its own problems.  This time, the new laptop experienced random restarts or shutdowns.  The first time it happened was the very day I received it.  I didn't want to think anything of it since it was a replacement and I didn't want to believe that I received another defective model.  I was in denial for a week, since I wanted to give it another chance, but the laptop kept restarting or shutting down for no reason at all every day.  Sadly, I decided on returning it instead of getting another replacement.  I didn't want to go through the hassle again, especially with the fear of another defective model.  Oh, and I did a full system scan for any viruses, and there was none both times, so I'm guessing its a problem with the internal system itself.Maybe I was just unlucky twice?  Well, even so, all I wanted was a normal functioning laptop.  I don't think that's too much to ask for.  Oh well, but I am giving this model 4 stars because everything else about it was fantastic.  My first experience with Asus obviously didn't go so well, but I'm not giving up on it yet!  Presently, I'm waiting for the release of the UL30Jt.  Actually, before deciding on the N81Vp-D2, I had a hard time choosing it over the UL30Vt.  I'm too anxious about ordering another N81Vp-D2, so this next time around I'll be ordering a different model.  Asus does give you the most bang for your buck though, which is largely what's influencing me to give it another shot.