First things first:  you need to know what the product is before you can decide if it's right for you.The Chromebook series of machines are NOT laptops, and are also NOT netbooks.  Rather, Chromebooks are internet based computers that focus on running apps in Google's cloud through the Chrome web browser.  Therefore, it's a very different device from a laptop or a netbook, where you are downloading applications to use locally -- that isn't the case here.  Although some applications can be used in offline mode, the overwhelming majority of functionality requires that you be connected to the internet -- that's the purpose and design of the device.  So, if you're looking to use Adobe Photoshop, for example, you won't be doing that on this device.  Similarly, if you want the fully-blown local versions of Miscrosoft Office software, you also won't be doing that here (although you *can* create, edit and share MS Office documents through the browser using Microsoft Skydrive (skydrive.live.com), somthing which it seems not very many people are aware of).So, what do you do with it, then?  Well, pretty much everything else you can do with the internet.  Browsing the web, using email, viewing streamed media and music, creating using cloud-based tools like skydrive (mentioned above), Goggle's own Google Drive and so on.  You can also use many, many applications that have been adapted for use in the Google Chrome browser, and are available on the Chrome Web Store (almost all of them are free).A key hurdle for many in using a machine like this is adapting to having almost everything stored in the cloud, and accessed via streaming from the cloud, and not locally.  Your music, pictures, movies, even documents and spreadsheets and so on that you create -- all is stored in the cloud.  While this means that you require internet access to access them, it also means that you don't have to worry about losing things due to hardware failure, or having to manually back up your machine to an external drive -- it's all up in the cloud to begin with.  This is obviously a shift in thinking and practice away from what most people are accustomed to when it comes to laptop computing, and some people likely will have a hard time making that shift.In general I would say that this is a great machine for anyone who (1) already uses a lot of cloud based services and apps, (2) is a moderate to heavy consumer of various Google services and apps already or (3) wants something in the space between where laptops and tablets currently are.  I would say that it isn't a great machine for people who (1) like a lot of locally stored and accessed content and applications and dislike being required to be connected to the net to access these, (2) are not at least moderate users of Google's services and apps and have no interest in becoming so or (3) are satisfied either with tablet computing or with a bigger, more fully functioning laptop.  Many negative reviews that are not hardware-failure related seem to come from the type of product being a poor fit for what the person was looking for, so it pays to understand what the machine is before deciding to buy it.  For someone like me, who has been exclusively using streaming for my music (and movies) for years, who very extensively uses several Google applications daily, and who prefers to have a keyboard, the device is fantastic.  For people who have different use profiles, the device may be less useful.Finally, this specific Chromebook, from the hardware perspective, is quite good.  It's lightweight without feeling terribly cheap.  The keyboard is very well sized and comfortable to use.  The screen is sharp and bright for its size.  It's a good option if you decide that a Chromebook is right for you.