It is a pleasure to return to a Mac after a 14-year hiatus as a "business person."  As a stay-at-home-mom, with a new Vista laptop I was ready to hurl through the window, it occurred to me, why continue to suffer?Overall, I love this machine.  I can have 4-5 applications open at a time with no slow-down and no crashing (this includes memory-hungry photo and music apps).  Eureka!  I can group photos together and pop them into an email without checking five-gazillion times whether or not they went through, nor having to wade through yet another reboot, praying Vista will *then* have enough RAM to do what I'm asking it to do (yeah, I had 1G RAM on the Vista laptop - pathetic).  And BEST of all, as a busy Mom, I can shut the lid, putting the machine to sleep MULTIPLE times (I mean, around 20??) and not have it hang, crash or slow down.  Fellow Mom's of two-year-olds know: if you have 30 seconds to do something, that's all you have.  If your machine doesn't do what you ask of it in that time, Grandma doesn't get her photos, husband doesn't get his Amazon order, bill doesn't get paid, etc., etc., etc.  This machine virtually NEVER lets me down.  Hallelujah!There are some minor annoyances:--Firefox crashes a bit.  The underlying Mac OS never does, but I do have to relaunch Firefox a surprising number of times.  Not true of Safari, but there are a few antiquated bill-paying sites that do not play well w/ Safari, so I have to go to Firefox (Macy's charge??  Hello!).--I love the track pad and dislike it too.  Scrolling and zooming are super cool, but I am constantly accidentally doing things I do not intend.  Probably user error?  But physical documentation is slim unless you want to wade through the Apple sight (I have no time for this).  And I CANNOT consistently master the PC equivalent of right-clicking.  Very frustrating.--THough I feel stupid writing this, the Mac's delete key only works when cursor is in front of what you want to delete:  i.e., like a PC's Backspace key.  What is the Mac equivelent of a PC's delete key?  I.e., put the cursor in front of text, and "pull" text in front of cursor backwards into oblivion.  This drives me nuts.UPDATE:  PC "delete" key = Mac "function" (fn) key + "delete" key (Hold down the function key and press or hold delete key at the same time).--Pages (Mac equiv. of Word) and Numbers (Mac equiv. of Excel) have really "pretty" document templates that are way sexier, but the apps themselves are clumsy, counter-intuitive and difficult to use (I couldn't BELIEVE what I had to do to set the print area in Numbers, for example, nor how long it took me to find the solution in help).  Pretty lame, esp. as I paid extra for these, and now plan to partition my drive with Bootcamp to run Windows on the side for Excel and Word.  This is rectifiable with the work-around, however.--Compatbility issues with silly/cheap USB devices you wouldn't expect:  my daughter's Elmo phone, my digital photo frame, etc.  Have to wait until I can use my husband's PC.  That said, stupid Vista wouldn't recognize my 2003 digital Cannon Powershot 45 camera, and my Mac zipped my photos right into iPhoto without me doing anything except plugging it in!  NICE.  Also, Mac recognized my 2001 HP printer with no problems and automatically had/used a simple driver which prints just fine.  SHOCKING to a Windows veteran.--Changing default print preferences is so counter-intuitive I cannot believe it is an Apple process (PC equiv. is Start, Control Panel, Printers...).Otherwise, no major problems.  Some things are different/frustrating, but the pros FAR outweigh the cons.  And I figure, when my daughter turns three, maybe I'll finally be able to read the manual online!  lol