I thought I give me first impressions of this new Windows 8 Convertible. First off the device is very slick, its light weight, looks great. It not the easiest thing to open but once its opened it works well. As excited as I was to get this, there were several blaring quirks that I wouldn't expect from a $1500 device.1. The wifi intermittently cuts out. This seems to be a known issue you can read about everyone complaining here. To save you some time reading the thread there are three things I dida.Update the driver[...]b.Change the power settings -- Set the Wireless Adapter Settings to Maximum Performance (both battery and wiredc.Update the driver properties1. Bring up the device manager by searching "device manager" from the charms menu under settings.2. Click on network adapters in the device manager.3. Right click on "Realtek RTL8723A wireless ..." under network adapters. Click on properties.4. In the properties box click on the advanced pane.5. Inside the advanced pane set the following values to these parameters:selective suspend: disabled (I think this is the only change necessary but I did the other 2 parameter changes as well, you can experiment with different choices)selective suspend timeout: 60WiFi config: WiFiClick OK to save settings2. There is no keyboard light, which have been on all my Lenovo work computer, so it's hard to see the keyboard in the dark.3. When you flip the Yoga and try watching a movie, you'll notice the speakers are now pointed away from you! Even still the speakers are louder than the iPad.Ok about Windows 8The biggest problem with Windows 8 is that it comes preloaded with Junk! The start bar is full on things I will never use and there is a ton of Trial Wear already installed. I was particularly disappointed that MacAfee (part of the company that gave me this Ultrabook) was continuously popping up messages that were very hard to close with tiny buttons and dropdowns asking me to buy a subscription or register when as far as I can tell it comes with a subscription.Once you remove all this and get things set up its actually pretty nice, however moving tiles around is hard work (not nearly as easy as a ipad).There is no Official Facebook App, after some research you can integrate facebook with the People App but when I did this the news feed is different and nearly all the businesses I liked are featured and it is missing a ton of features such as unliking the businesses I don't want to see as full page adds.Also the App are more expensive. Why is Star Wars Angry Birds $5?User profiles are very nice and this is something iPads don't have. I am pretty happy with this feature and you can add picture passwords that work okish.Overall once you get it set up I think it is pretty nice, I don't think the average user wants to spend the time I did to set this up though and I really think it could have been done better.