I bought this laptop to replace a 5 1/2 year old HP.  I was attracted to the ASUS by the speed and long battery life. But I returned it after a week and consider myself lucky. The fact is, the laptop ran just fine. I just couldn't stand the thing. Here is why:1. The sound is horrendously horrible. It is like listening to the old midi songs from ten years ago, with that tinny twang. Looking online, I found suggestions for improving the audio in this model laptop, but the only thing THAT accomplished was making the tinny audio just sound louder. My computer genius son-in-law was looking the ASUS over to see if I had missed anything to help with the audio, while I stood two feet away. I could barely hear it. The speakers are only on one side. I was told that if you plug external speakers into the ASUS or use headphones, the audio is incredible. One purpose of a laptop is to be able to carry it with you, which would be difficult if you have to lug around speakers, no matter how small. As for the headphones, I like to listen to music on my laptop, but also hear what is going on around me. It is astounding to me that ASUS would make such an advanced laptop with such primitive audio.2. The graphics are low-quality as well, although not as bad as the audio. I could have put up with the bad graphics, if it wasn't for everything else.3. After only four days, some of the keys on the keyboard started to stick.4. The webcam lag and visual quality is awful. Also, it does not have an indicator light to let you know that the webcam is on. This was something I didn't think to check when researching laptops.5. This is just one of my quirky preferences, but I like to be able to control the volume and mute with a one-touch keystroke. You have to press both the "function" key and the sound key to control the volume. I am constantly adjusting my sound, so this became tiresome pretty fast.6. The laptop looked outdated, although I couldn't say why. Maybe it was the silver color, when I was used to black, maybe it was the matte finish instead of shiny, I don't know.Pros: Lightning fast. I replaced the ASUS with a laptop that has an I5 processor, and I could tell the difference, however slightly. Another pro is that the power cord plugged into the back of the laptop, instead of the side, which was great.Overall, my biggest frustration was that after spending such a large chunk of money, I felt like I had downgraded. Other than the speed, the ASUS seemed far inferior to my almost 5 year old laptop! If you don't really care about quality audio or graphics, this laptop may work for you. I really didn't think those things made a difference to me, but I was wrong. If I had not been able to return the ASUS, I would have sold it for a loss, just to get rid of it.I do acknowledge that it's possible I happened to get an ASUS that was a lemon, and maybe not all laptops of this model are bad.If you're curious, I replaced the ASUS with an HP Pavilion DM-4, which has abundantly outstanding speakers, beautiful graphics, and cost $200.00 less.