I bought my lenovo a couple of months ago right when it came out. I have to say, this is a genius design for a laptop-tablet hybrid. The strength of the yoga lies in that it isn't really a hybrid. A hybrid entails a device that is part one design and part the other. The microsoft surface/surface pro is a good example of this. The lenovo yoga isn't a hybrid of a tablet and a laptop, it is an extension of the laptop into the world of tablets. I say this because there are absolutely no design drawbacks that come from the addition of its tablet features. Fundamentally, the yoga is a superb ultrabook whether or not you factor in its tablet features or not.Features that make it a good ultrabook-good keyboard. Not as nice as a lenovo's thinkpad but then again I don't see how you possibly could fit one of those keyboards in this thing. Also, it would be nice if it was an illuminated keyboard.-thin and light. This is a pretty small laptop! Maybe not as small as the thinnest ones out there like the acer s7 but its fine for me.-full size track pad. Some people have complained about issues with the trackpad. I haven't had any. It is a big and accurate trackpad.-screen. The resolution could be higher, but the yoga's IPS screen is bright and very nice to look at. It really stands out compared to most laptop screens-hinges. They are stiff and tough!-ports. The power port is built to take a whack and not break. All the other ports are nice as well. My yoga went flying in the car and fell on the headphone jack pretty hard. The headphone cord bent but the jack is fine!-speakers. These are pretty good speakers. Not the best, but they have good range and volume. Definitely not afterthought speakers you find on so many windows laptops.Consider that all these features go into a competitively priced ultrabook that can fold into a tablet!Now as a tablet the yoga has some issues. First, it is heavy for a tablet (not for a laptop). You are probably going to have to be sitting down to use it like a traditional tablet. However, when I am on the move I am going to use my cell phone anyways. Some might consider the screen dimensions awkward for a tablet, but when held in portrait mode (the long side of the screen vertical) this thing makes a KILLER pdf reader. Seriously, I am a science major and I usually hate reading scientific papers on a computer but I really don't mind it on the yoga.Overall I think this is an amazing laptop-tablet hybrid. I can't see myself buying a normal clamshell laptop again. Why would I? The yoga has all the features of an ultrabook and more. I do have two gripes. The keyboard should be illuminated and the webcam could be better. Those only detract slightly from the overall package however. I strongly, STRONGLY recommend this laptop!