Where to begin?Build Quality:As is expected, It's made with the highest quality in materials. Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws. I love the little rubber seam that runs all the way around the edge of the screen that protects the screen from being scratched by the palm pads of the inner side. The keys are durable, and only start to wear out (become shiny) after about 1,000,000 hours of continuous use. I have another 2008 Black MacBook That has seen the most lengthy writing sessions with much sweating upon, and the keys still feel as good as new. I don't like the fact that the Screen is a fingerprint and dust magnet, but I fix that by wiping the screen down as a thing I do every Saturday Morning. The paint indicators on the side of the MacBook indicating which port is which has slowly become rubbed out from abrasion, but I know what port is now, so its ok. I wish I still had the paint in case I needed to sell it. The fan exhaust is located right under the screen hinge, and since it is easily covered, the laptop easily heats up. The trackpad is as smooth as velvet. I wish it was a entire button, so the trackpad wouldnt have to bend down when you press it at the top, but I've gotten used to the old way of thinking and using my thumb as a button-presser.Software:I can't say muchI love Macintosh. Grew up with it from OS 8I love how seamless and flawless it is. I can't wait for Mavericks, and I know it'll be a bestseller.I really love the fact that Mac has an app store with its constantly growing database, and great games.I wish iLife came hooked up to your account as soon as you enter your apple id with icloud so you can update it as part of your app collection, but since it doesnt cost that much, its coolHardware:Apple always has bleeding edge performance and I love their support of everything out thereMy Mac rarely ever lags, and even when it does, (unless the fan is blocked), the fan is almost unnoticeable. I've heard that they fixed the problem with the new Retina Display MacBook Pro though with the adjusted frequency fans. I really want to try that out for my self.I also love the super fast Ivy Bridge 2.6 Ghz processor with Great battery life.They only fact that I wish they had done was refresh the ENTIRE Mac lineup along with the MacBook Air's when they changed the processors to Haswell.Overall:I love this product.I love appleJust wish they continued the color variety.I dont know how much effort it would take to make an anodized black macbook pro, macbook air, and a iMac, but if they did, I know that if they did, people would trip over each other just to get their hands on one of themI know I would.So until that happens, I'm sticking with this.