Okay, first let me get some things out of the way.I'm a techie who loves computers, but also tries to save a lot.  I actually purchased this ultrabook for very, very cheap from a Staples clearance, so I'm probably happier than most for this.I basically needed a light, portable laptop with sufficient processing power that I could bring to college - and for this purpose, this is PERFECT.But I would say that this Ultrabook doesn't give the "full" ultrabook experience.  As always, you get what you pay for.My review has a theme - and that is, its a great ultraportable, but not the premium experience you might expect from an ultrabook.Screen - Its merely decent.  Its not the worst I've seen, but far from the best.  I'm hoping next year we will see IPS displays standard.  Viewing angles are not very good, but decent enough so that you don't have to constantly adjust.  I expect this category to improve a lot in future ultrabooks.  For the price, I'm satisfied.  However, there IS an issue with the screen wobbling.  The hinge is simply too weak for this!  I've tried many other ultrabooks and they have far sturdier hinges.  Acer really needs to improve this, as the screen can jiggle constantly if it is not on a perfectly steady surface.Processor - Fast.  You don't really need to worry here, unless youre trying to do graphics/video processing.  Its very speedy for browsing/word processing/youtube.  Although its a last-gen i5, the newer gen isnt THAT much faster (Ivy bridge is just a die shrink of Sandy bridge + better graphics)Keyboard/trackpad - While other reviewers had gripes here, I actually LOVE the trackpad and find the keyboard fine.  The trackpad is programmable so you can do quite a bit with it.  I find it responsive, accurate, and fairly smooth.  Its not glass (but plastic), so its not super smooth like some other ultrabooks, but its good enough.  As for the keyboard, I also find it to be a nice typing experience.  The key travel isnt much, but its better than some other ultra thin ultrabooks, and sufficient once you get used to it (and this is coming from a person who uses a mechanical desktop keyboard).  I applaud Acer on their design here, as I find both the keyboard and trackpad to be of fantastic quality for a ultrabook in this price range.Battery life - Disappointed here.  I expect next-years ultrabooks to last much, much longer.  It only lasts about 3-4 hours depending on your usage.  I would like to see 6 hours minimum on high brightness levels/usage.. 3rd gen Ultrabooks are going to be spec'd minimum at '9' hours, so I'm expecting to buy another ultrabook next year.  As for their claim of 6 hours, that is pretty much if you have WiFi off and edit a word document on the lowest brightness settings.  Otherwise I could not see it happening.Build quality - Is fine.  Better than your average notebook, but worse than many other ultrabooks.  In general, it feels as sturdy as a regular notebook.  I found no flexing that would bother me.Noise level - This is actually my main problem here.  This ultrabook can get irritating in a quiet bedroom.  The fan spools up and has a high pitched noise, even when doing web browsing.  This is one part that really needs to be addressed.  This and the battery life is why I docked a star.To summarize, I gave this 4 stars because while it is imperfect, I don't expect perfect for the price of being the cheapest ultrabook on the market.  1 full star was docked because the fan has a high pitched noise, and the battery life should be at least 5 hours according to ultrabook spec, but it isnt.