I have been using the new Macbook Air for almost a week now. I actually started with the 11 inch because I wanted the lightest possibly laptop, and I used to have a smaller screen, but I guess it was just too small. I was noticing things like a shaking screen and I had been using a 15 inch Macbook Pro with the aluminum keyboard for the last five years. When I got the 13 inch, everything looked and felt just right.In my opinion, a laptop battery has one major task. It should allow users to do everything they want on their laptop without having to plug it back in. I used it for about 1.5 to 2 hours two evenings in a row doing internet surfing, minimal video watching, and some word processing. The next day I used it for close to 8 hours of word processing and internet surfing. You know you have an amazing battery when the bar goes red, and you check to see that you still have two and a half hours remaining. I did not check exact times, but I think I got over 11 hours before charging it back up (including 3 days of sleeping). I was also surprised to see that it had recharged before I went to bed!In this day and age, laptop users should understand that you never get the same amount of battery life watching non-stop high quality videos as you would using basic software and the internet. I use a laptop fairly frequently for projects/entertainment, but can not think of one instance in which I would need over 12 hours of battery life. More than 8 hours and my eyes start to blur. The bottom line is that Apple's initial estimate of 12 hours is not off, and I am happy to say that I will not be taking my charger with me anytime I plan to return to my house to sleep later that evening. I don't have to worry about battery life for the first time.One small quirk is that the time estimates of the battery are sometimes off. For instance, I have checked my battery status and seen an estimate of 17 plus hours remaining. I admittedly got overexcited before it quickly went back down to over 12. The percentage is always accurate, however, and it's intriguing to see how long you can last with 100% battery life remaining.As for the rest of the computer, the keyboard is great, the screen is nice, but not stellar, and there is a slight glare when I work in direct sunlight though it's nothing objectionable. I think that Apple has set a new standard with this laptop because it's obviously light, but the battery is truly amazing. It's also picking up the internet feed in my house as good if not better than my other devices.IMPORTANT UPDATE: I have noticed an issue with volume fluctuation when watching movies on Netflix and sports on ESPN. The issue persists on Safari and Firefox. Unfortunately, other are having this issue and no one that I could find as of yet reports it as being resolved. This is a shame. This laptop is so good otherwise I am still giving it 4 stars, but this is a major issue. I have downgraded to 3 stars until this gets resolved.UPDATE REVISED: The volume fluctuation issue appears to have been fixed with an update. Loving the laptop again. Battery still going pretty strong.