Has the mSATA slot, Full HD 1920X1080p screen and a WD Black 7200rpm HDD. When I was looking at buying a laptop I read a lot of reviews about this and other similar laptops. I couldn't find a definite answer whether this particular model had the mSATA or not. It does.  The procedure to migrate is pretty simple. This comes with the MSI BurnRecovery software which makes recovery DVD's that restores your HDD image. I needed 5 DVD-R's to do this.  After I made those I removed the stock HDD (Western Digital Black 7200rpm) and installed a Mushkin Enhanced Atlas Series MKNSSDAT120GB-DX mSATA 120GB SATA III MLC Internal Solid State Drive (SSD) drive.  Need to find a screw to secure the mSATA because the drive does not come with one and you cannot install without it.  It's the same screw that would secure a mini card like a wireless card, modem or Bluetooth. Important!-Get into the bios by pressing Del when the MSI logo pops up and disable the secure boot option in the Bios. Booted from the recovery DVD's and restored the image to the mSATA drive. This puts 5 partitions onto that drive-EFI boot sector, Windows recovery, OS partition, Data partition and Recovery partition. Opened computer management after reboot and removed the data partition.  I also removed the recovery partition which is about 17 GB because I have the backup DVD's. Extend the OS partition to the unallocated space. This gives you about 100GB for your OS.  Get back into the Bios and enable the secure boot option again and boot into your OS. Shut down, reinstall the HDD and reboot. Go to Settings, Change PC Settings, General and select Advanced Startup. When it restarts get to the command prompt. Type in "DISKPART", enter, "list disk", enter.  Find the disk that is 698GB (should be disk 0) then type in "select disk 0", enter, "clean", enter, "Y" because yes you are sure you want to wipe the drive.  Reboot, get into computer management, activate disk and make the partitions you want.  I moved all of the library file folders to the single "Data" partition I made on that drive. Music, Videos, Documents and Downloads.  Installed 'most' programs on the OS drive and still have about 20GB left.  Takes seconds to boot now with no stability issues at all.A lot of reviews say this laptop is a little flimsy or fragile and does not seem durable.  If you live your life with a broken screen on your cell phone I would not recommend this laptop for you.  It is, however, thin and light which is why I chose this particular one.  Take care of your stuff and it will last!  If not, buy the extended warranty.  You cannot set up the mSATA as a Cache drive on this laptop due to the Bios not being able to create a RAID array so a 32GB or 64GB mSATA purchase will result in nothing but hate and discontent because you will only get 32 or 64GB of additional storage out of it.  Or, a compacted Windows install with the need to buy aftermarket file management software to store system and program files on the Data drive.  If you do this and have to wait for the transfer rate of the spin drive what is point of going to mSATA in the first place?I've had this for about a month now and love it.  When I bought this I also bought the mSATA drive and 16GB of ram (this is manufacturers limit)  G.SKILL 16GB (2 x 8G) 204-Pin DDR3 SO-DIMM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Laptop Memory Model F3-1600C10D-16GSQ the entire process to do the upgrades took me about two weeks because there isn't much info on migrating the OS without an OEM Windows install disk or some software that doesn't work because of the EFI partitions.  I refused to buy another OS when the laptop I just bought has one.  There is very little bloatware on this laptop, MS Office setup, MSI BurnRecovery, Battery Calibration and SuperCharger.  That's about it.  No additional toolbars or ads as you would get with other manufacturers.  If you duplicate my procedure the process should take you no more than an hour or two unless you have already put your own stuff on the laptop.  In that case you just have to back up your files and then put them back on when you wipe the drive. If you don't want to wipe the drive you can just delete the OS partition but then you end up with dynamic instead of a basic partition because when you extend your Data partition you extend it to the left instead of the right. One last item-performance and graphics.  I use this to play WoW and I have the graphics set to Ultra settings.  The lowest frame rate I recall seeing is 27fps but definitely no performance issues even at the ultra setting.