My main criteria in the purchase of this product was weight.  In that aspect, it shines!  However, there are other issues one may want to consider.  Is it because it was a refurb? I think not and am glad I didn't go the Full Monty price wise.  But honestly and in reality, after reading all the reviews on line, I knew I was taking a bit of a chance on this model. Edit 05/25/13:  I am uping my rating to 3 stars since I have now been able to get wireless and bluetooth working satisfactorily.  Overall:  I like this unit as long as it will continue to workExternal build quality is good. However...Both bluetooth and wireless failed after 3 days.  Yes, yes, I know all about the driver issues, I know all about the power-saving issues.  I did my homework before it even arrived, the proper steps were taken and it worked fine for 3 days and that was it.  Nothing I could do could restore it-this is a hardware/driver issue pure and simple.  Sent it in for repair at Acer Warranty, who just sent me an email saying their testing cannot confirm my issues so therefore, they are sending it back to me with nothing fixed.Edit 05/25/13:  They must have done something at Warranty repair because the unit did come back with the wireless working but the bluetooth was still inoperative and nothing had been done about it.  So after much online research, I was able to fix it by doing a complete wipe and re-installing Windows 8 from the Recovery stick that I had created.  My undoing originally, was installing the updated wireless and bluetooth drivers from the Acer support website when I first got the machine.  I see as of this writing that they have a new wireless driver with last digits of .234.  I think I had installed .217.  Anyway, I've got everything working by rolling back the drivers to original OEM install and everything is working and I am leaving it at that.The touch-pad is now OK by using the OEM installed driver with no update.Keyboard is not great-but not horrible, just a little shallow.  This unit is so thin that they didn't have many options.  Most people can live with it including me.Display is very good and I had no issues with the touchscreen which worked well.  The resolution may be too high for some on an 11.6 display... scaling up to 125% makes it much better for older eyes.Battery life is not great.  But again, in this small unit running an i5 where are you going to put it? At least they sent along an external battery that should about double it.  I got about 2:40 running the unit normally... surfing, listening to music and the display brightness where I like it during the daytime.  The external battery will about double that.Interesting arrangement on the internal SSD storage.  It is designed as two SSD's on one card with a common controller in RAID0 mode from the factory. So you end up with a very fast striped 128 gig drive.  You can disable the RAID set and have two slower 64 gig SSD drives.  I did it and have Windows on one drive and Linux on the other which was a good way to dual boot if you don't mind data moving a bit slower on the non-RAID setup.In order to do any of that, you must disable UEFI which is easily done regardless of what I have read in other reviews.  Booting from flash drives, again, no issue as long as you are in legacy mode in the BIOS.  I also found that if I use the Recovery stick to re-install Windows 8 onto the system with legacy BIOS enabled that I no longer have to deal with UEFI at all.  Good if dual booting, but of course, no malware protection at boot up if that is a concern.Last thought... Immediately make a 16 gig USB Recovery stick so that you can recover Windows 8 if necessary.  Also, please note:  Be careful if you intend to use Paragon Backup for partition/disk imagining.  I cannot get the USB recovery tool to boot with the Acer BIOS so the disk images that I made with Paragon couldn't be used.  For some reason the Acer BIOS sees the Paragon produced software on the USB as floppy media and will not boot it.  Partition table is out of place or something like that.  Anyway, Acronis backup works OK.Update 11/11/13.  Been happy with the unit for close to six months now.  Upgraded to Windows 8.1 and bluetooth troubles began anew when I upgraded the BT/wireless driver.  The fix seems to be to slow the mouse pointer and click speed down one tic slower then default on the sliding scale in the Mouse properties in the Control Panel. Apparently the wireless card can't handle the data moving too fast and drops the connection.  No other issues with wireless after upgrade.  I would give this unit a four star rating now.