I've had this laptop for about a month now, and seeing the price go up since I bought it makes me love this laptop even more.Laptop is quiet, enough to be in a library and not disturb anyone. My 14" inch HP was a party animal. The fan was ridiculously loud that it was probably the vuvuzela of laptops. The computer's specifications are pretty solid. Good HD space, great RAM, and CPU. Good speed and power. The battery life is hysteric. It's not 12 hours but I've gotten 10.5 hours, averaging around 9.5 hours on a full charges. This is enough to last me through a whole day's work. It has great design, looks great, same goes with the keyboard. I can play MW2 with anti aliasing off so it's a pretty damn good gaming machine given its size, battery, and specs. I've really enjoyed the gaming qualities on this laptop, mainly because all computers i owned before never had a discrete graphics card but nonetheless, it's a great gaming computer for those who are casual gamers but want to play the latest games. The ASUS is also pretty cool. The side vent lets out a lot of heat and is cool to put on the lap. My previous HP was so hot I probably could've boiled water and it has actually heated my room before.I can go on and on about how wonderful this laptop is but i'll focus on some of the problems people might have with this computer. None of these problems are enough to detract the quality of this laptop.1) Fingerprints - i've read some reviews that complain what a fingerprint laptop this is. Some say it's everywhere on the computer and say it's the worst thing ever. This silver version for me only gets fingertips on the black plastic around the screen. The silver lid doesn't get any fingerprints and if it does, you'd have to spend a couple minutes trying to angle the laptop right just to find it (if you can). So it's not a big fingerprint magnet, just a little around the screen when you're lifting up the screen, nowhere else.2) Touchpad - there were a few complaints here as well, since it wasn't as responsive. It didn't bother me when I first tried it, but when I compared it to my old laptop, the ASUS indeed had more resistance to moving the cursor than my old one. It wasn't a real big deal, i mean, if you're gonna complain about moving a finger just a little more, well....(resistance could be due to me leaving the sticker on top of the touchpad, though i don't think it makes any difference overall). Plus I use a mouse when stationary so I dont really give a hoot.3.) Glossy screen - Yes the screen is glossy and mirror like at times. Does it bother me like crazy? Not the slightest. In fact, it sometimes has uses. For me, it can double as a mirror when the screen turns off when not in use. It's also useful for seeing what's behind you which sometimes is useful. So I wasn't even slightly ticked about the screen. I mean, I can still see what I'm doing without straining.4.) Lack of Optical drive - wait you use an optical drive??!!! just kidding. I haven't used an optical drive in years so this is a nonissue.5.) Bloatware - just decrapify it. Every laptop these days almost always comes with bloatware and ASUS is no exception. Just remove it. If it weren't for the bloatware, this laptop might not have had such a cheap price.5.) Build quality - this is my only source of worry. It took me a while to notice but when I type, I feel as though the keyboard starts to depress and when I press hard enough, it does depress. But when typing normally, I hardly notice it and it feels pretty solid to me. The screen is also not completely solid. It flexes. I'm not sure if this is a bad thing because if it flexes, it can handle some stress but when I lift the screen up, sometimes, I hear a creaking noise like stepping on hardwood floor. I don't know how solid a screen is supposed to be. The screen is really thin so a little flexing is probably expected. It hasn't caused any problems, and I can't imagine this computer suffering just because of build quality so overall, it's solid.Final thoughts: this laptop is great for those who want to a thin-light, long battery life, good (not great) gaming laptop at a very competitive price (got it for 699.99) It handles many tasks very well and no laptop I know offers so much for so little $$$$. In fact, I recommend this laptop for anyone even searching for a computer because it meets many of the basic needs and much more at a low price.