Today, I had to return this Acer ultrabook to Amazon, and have ordered a Toshiba Portege Ultrabook. Two days after I began using the laptop, the trackpad began acting rather erratically. The pointer would jump suddenly or get stuck on one corner of the screen. The trackpad would then become unresponsive and I'd have to wait a couple of seconds before I could use it again. I really rather liked the feel of this ultrabook; it felt sturdy. But the trackpad's lack of responsiveness started to really get to me after a while. I'm not sure if other folks have had this experience, but I had wanted so much to keep the laptop and had hoped that the trackpad thing was just a glitch. So I hung on to it for a few more days, thinking it would go away. And it would, for a while, and then return. I must've gotten a lemon.-----I just received this laptop today. These are my first impressions. (I'll update my review as I start using the unit for classes this coming week.) The laptop is very thin; yes, it's less than an inch. I'm typing on my i5 Toshiba satellite right now, with the Acer sitting next to it and the difference in thickness is amazing. The laptop is also very light and though it has a little bit of that "plastic" feel to it, it's still a rather beautiful machine. There's just a little hint of heat on the left underside, but it's definitely tolerable. It does wake up quite fast when you open the lid, most of the ports (two 2.0 usb and 1 hdmi) are at the back (the earphone jack is on the left side and the SD card slot is on the right). Like one reviewer said, the SD card slot doesn't allow the card to slide in completely, so it's left sticking out. I guess one will just have to be mindful of the fact if a card is left in there. I'm not sure yet about how long the battery lasts as I just turned it on about an hour or so ago. The keys are good, except the arrow keys which are a tad too small for me, but again, it's not going to be a problem. The trackpad is just one big square, no separate left and right buttons. It was tricky using it at first, but you get used to it after awhile. The screen is glossy; again, not a big problem for me, though I know some folks who prefer non-glossy screens. The size of the screen is quite good, not too small, not too big. [At this point, the only thing I'm not liking is the bloatware - hence the 4/5 stars - which I'm going to slowly work on to remove of course; plus the fact that the hard drive which is supposed to be 320 gb only actually shows up being 280 gb. Now I know a lot of it is used for necessary computer software and whatnot, but that's an entire 40 gb that I can't seem to account for. (Again not a very big problem as I don't intend to load a whole lot of stuff on the computer as I just need it for travel and library/research purposes; still, if someone could help clear this up for me. I just want to know why this seems to be more particularly pronounced with Acer products. The Toshiba's I've used don't seem to have as much as 40 gb "missing" or "unaccounted" for when you buy them. Anyone who can help clarify this? Thanks!]Will update my review as I continue using the laptop over the next few days and weeks. But for now, so far so good. I'm liking it.