I think most of the reviews below are accurate but I'd like to add some points -1) The keyboard is really very good.  The keys are a nice size given the overall size of this device.2) Make sure and use the Microsoft IE 11 browser in Metro mode when you can.  It's really an incredible browser that allows you to take full advantage of the touch screen.  If you designate any other browser as the default browser, you lose access to the metro version of IE.  My advice - let IE be the default browser.  You can still use other browsers, they just won't be the default.3) Understand that if you run this machine with lots of windows open and programs running, it will slow it down considerably.  You can do it but with only 2gb of ram and the nature of this processor, don't expect it to act like a full fledged laptop.4) The screen bents to the point that the laptop is almost flat.  This is a really nice touch since it makes it easier to use the machine on things like exercise equipment.5) I've found the touchpad to be pretty darn good.  And while you lose some space with the left and right mouse clickers, they two have a nice feel to them.6) The power cord is good and long and there is no "brick" in the middle of the cord.  Just a fairly small converter at the point where you plug it in.7) I've been getting good wifi reception.  And since I take it with me to the gym where it can be a challenge sometimes to get good wifi, I have to say I'm impressed.8) If you are going to go with a smaller device that only has a 3 cell battery, you need a processor that is truly an energy miser otherwise you are looking at 2 hours of battery life  The intel processor in this machine is rated at 4.3 watts.  It really helps on battery life.So what isn't good.  Actually there isn't much to complain about.  You do have to get used to the slower processor.  It's speedy by tablet standards but not so much compared to larger laptops.  Netflix and Youtube do just fine.Okay, this review wouldn't be complete without a comment about Windows 8/8.1.  People who don't like it, don't seem to understand it.  That is understandable since Microsoft launched it with virtually no touch screen computers.  Get to know the features behind Windows 8 with or without the touch screen.  There is a lot good here...including the apps that are starting to get developed for the OS.  I have several that I use everyday and really enjoy.Consider loading the free program Classic Shell if you want the full start button effect.  I have done it on every Windows 8 machine I've had  It allows you easy access to your legacy Windows programs as well as your Win8 apps.The overall build on this machine is nice and coupled with Windows 8 makes it a winner.  I've been pleasantly surprised.