I was excited to get this Windows 8 touchscreen laptop. I have a Windows 8 phone, which I'm very happy with, and I was excited to have similar functionality in a PC. Is laptop is a nice compact size, is quite lightweight, and seems decently built. The bottom plastic seems a bit cheap, but the overall package is pretty nice. It has one USB 3.0 plug and one USB 2.0 plug along with an SD card reader and one mini-HDMI port (no DVD-ROM; not unexpected on a compact machine). It has 1.0 GHz Dual-Core AMD processor and 6 BG of DDR3 Memory.This brings me to my first, and primary issue, with this machine. It seems like it should be up to basic tasks, but I have been quite unhappy with its speed in conducting even simple processes; it almost seems as if the processor is outmatched by the operating system, as things tend to be slow in opening and prone to failing. It was horrific to start with, but a system refresh helped some, but not enough. I had to do a complete system reset (thankfully the software to do so is included) on this machine, which I had had for only two weeks! That helped a bit more, but it's still pretty underwhelming. Even web browsing is slow and awkward (it takes twenty seconds sometimes for internet explorer to get itself open and onto my mail home page), even over a high-speed connection (it doesn't have an ethernet port, so I don't know if the wi-fi modem is partly to blame; I know the connection itself is plenty fast on all of my other devices and computers). It takes between twenty and forty (!) seconds to open iTunes. That's just plain unacceptable. Playing music using iTunes over the Bluetooth connection to my speakers is touchy and prone to skipping and hitching. If everything on the machine is close except iTunes, it usually plays relatively well, but if anything else is happening at all, it starts skipping and pausing and even breaks down sometimes (certainly no web browsing or working while listening to music). And that's just a simple task of playing music over Bluetooth. I have had to resort to plugging it in with a physical cord. I haven't run any more involved programs, but I don't hold out a lot of hope for something like PhotoShop. I was primarily hoping to use this PC for web browsing and playing music. And it's only so so at even those basic tasks.A few other observations. I'm rather unhappy with the track pad, which isn't particularly responsive (I found clicking and dragging to be particularly difficult). The screen quality seems quite good. The touch and multi-touch are relatively responsive, and the picture is bright and clear. The built-in speakers are more or less what you would expect for a compact laptop: not too good. The battery life seems very short, especially with media applications like music or video. And if I leave it hibernating for more than a day, it's dead, so it even bleeds power at a pretty good clip when not running.Overall, this is okay as a cheap laptop, but I found it to be underpowered. I felt like I stepped back a decade or two (!), having to wait for programs to open and websites to load. These most-basic tasks should be effortless, but on my machine, at least, they aren't. Maybe I've got a lemon, as others seem to be very satisfied with performance. I will continue to try resolve the serious functionality issues, and if I make any progress, I will definitely update, but I wanted to register this "minority report," as it describes my experience. I am frustrated with this thing almost all the time.