I have used a variety of Windows operating systems and laptops the majority of my life, and I probably would have continued had I not been loaned the Macbook Pro when I began high school a month ago. The laptop been a great educational tool (better then the iPads) and I can recommend it over any other Windows laptop. I am splitting this review into two parts, the laptop and the operating system.Laptop:The laptop is expensive; but you should consider it because of the stability and dependancy. The laptop is extremely quiet; even while I am typing this review I can hardly hear the fans going. Someone I know recently got a Dell laptop and the fans were so loud that it practically vibrated off the counter. Also, it hardly ever crashes. I did encounter a glitch that caused it to shut down without notice when I first started using it, but a month has passed and I have not seen it happen again. Along with the amazing durability is incredible speed. My Toshiba laptop will take three minutes to fully boot up and another five minutes to launch Chrome or Word. It's not an old laptop either; I received it roughly two years ago to replace my broken netbook. In comparison, Macbook Pro takes at most 30 seconds to boot and most applications will open instantly or within 10 seconds (with the exception of the Adobe software). The battery life is average, it will last almost 7.5 hours on normal settings. The graphics card supports split-screen (something my Dell could never do) and is able to render models with high-polygon count. It's a high-priced but worthy laptop.The operating system:What really kills Windows is the Mountain Lion OS, which is on the Macbook Pro by default. The UI (user interface) can be customized in almost every way; from repositioning the dock to changing the color of the menus. The "multiple desktop" function allows you create more than one desktop, allowing you to spread programs out. A simple swipe across the trackpad and you can switch between desktops easily. Applications are easily found by activating Launchpad, an iPad style grid. The UI is simple enough for most people to learn and includes a lot of bells and whistles for those who want full potential. Keyboard shortcuts are another handy thing that Windows lacks a lot of, by entering a key combination you can access Spotlight (Mac's version of the Windows start button), empty the trash, create new folders, even hide applications! Mountain Lion also offers voice recognition, by entering a key combination (FN x2 by default) the Siri mic will appear and you can speak whatever you want to be typed. Windows 7 has something like this,but  all I remember it doing was asking "What was that?". Along with easily access to these features you get various functions that Windows does not have. Airdrop is a mode that allows you to send to anybody on the LAN (Local Area Network). It has came in handy multiple times when I am in class and need to send a file to somebody. Dashboard is a special screen that has things like a translator, calculator, and sticky notes on it for easy access.Overall, Macbook is something you must get. Macbook can dual-boot both Windows 7 and Mountain Lion, so you can have both on one laptop if you must. The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money.