Two years ago I purchased a Dell M1330 hoping for a lightweight laptop to carry back and forth to school with me to use on our network.  I'm a new teacher, so I thought I wanted something that would allow me to move around, carry files back and forth, and occasionally burn CDs.  I could not have been more disappointed.  I paid more for that computer than I paid for this fully upgraded 11.6in MBA, and from the moment I got it, it was plagued with problems.  Beyond that, getting any kind of support from Dell, especially while I was traveling abroad, was probably the worst customer service experience I ever had to endure.  Even after I did get it fixed, it continued having screen and overheat problems well into the space of time that the warranty ran out.  In addition, the fact that it was almost 5 lbs and 13 inches often led me to question whether it was worth dragging with me on a trip.  More and more, the answer to that question was simply no.Fast forward two years.  I was looking at an i3 11in Acer Aspire Timeline X.  Everything looked great, from the reduced price to the lower weight, to speed and new architecture of the system.  I was worried about some reports about the flex in the keyboard and poor customer service.  Still, I almost bought it, but the MBA caught my eye after reading a review of the Acer comparing the performance of the two systems.  I took a trip to Fukuoka (a city in Japan) to go to the Mac store there to have a look, and there was simply no going back.  The change in weight from 3.1lbs to 2.3lbs is huge, more than 20%.  Beyond that, the super fast boot times and ease of use are very difficult to ignore.  There was no bloatware like on the Acer and the build quality is simply unquestionable.  I've had a very good experience with the hinges, which are just the correct amount of stiffness to make them easy to use, yet stay where you want them.  It's so light and easy to take with me I never question if I should just throw it in my bag or not, of course it's coming!  Temps have been fine, even while gaming.  It gets pretty warm in some places during heavy use, but it's never gotten to the point it's really uncomfortable.  During normal web surfing and whatnot, heat is almost undetectable.  I don't know about customer service yet, since I haven't had to use it, but Apple is supposed to have the best service of it's kind.  Let's hope that's true if anything should come up.  I've never owned a Mac before, but switching was easy.  I joked with my friends I should bo buy a turtle-neck now and purchase a smugness adapter.I use this laptop for:  word processing, spreadsheets, presentations, Skyping from the comfort of my bed, listening to music, making iMovies, editing photos taken from my point and shoot, watching videos online, and light gaming.  This laptop runs both World of Warcraft and Starcraft for me just fine, though not at max settings (moderate settings, shadows and sunbeams disabled).  I also use it for reading and writing a lot of things to the internet.  Typing and using the multi-touch track pad is easy.  If weight, build quality, and ease of use are your primary concerns, I fully recommend this laptop.I do not recommend this laptop if you need a computational powerhouse.  Further, it needs an adapter for everything (including smugness).  This laptop could be troublesome if you need lots of USB ports, USB3, or an ethernet port.  Also, the adapter, which you must buy for wired ethernet, is not gigabit ethernet.  Further, there is no internal 3g wireless card so if you need that, it will be troublesome to carry that adapter around as well.  I use tethering with my android phone so this wasn't an issue for me.  Also, my Mac works great with my Sony Xperia Android phone, but your mileage may vary.  I was able to network it with my Windows 7 desktop, but it required watching some educational youtube videos as the process is definitely not intuitive.  If you need lots of disk space, obviously the flash member here isn't going to help you.  I've filled up half of this 120gb drive no problem with nothing but trimmed down versions of my music and photo collection.  Also, if you need something super inexpensive, obviously you shouldn't be looking at Macs.  I'm not saying I don't feel I got what I paid for, I feel I got that and more, but if you are on a $600 budget, this system isn't going to cut it for you.As none of the above was a problem for me, and the laptop's incredible speed and performance (mine boots in 11s) despite it's small size and sturdy construction make it get 5 stars from this user.