The HP Envy 15 replaces my 4+ year old Dell which was a great machine but was starting too get too slow for comfort. Being a software engineer by profession, I'm very picky when I buy new technology and this is even more true while purchasing a laptop that (hopefully) I will use for many years to come. Living in New York City, I made sure I got a feel of all the laptops I was considering at brick and mortar stores before pulling the trigger on my purchase at Amazon, as I do not need to pay tax for purchases and the prices are almost always cheaper.The design of the Envy 15 is par excellence both in terms of robustness and aesthetics. I was seriously considering the Samsung Series 7 which has similar specs as the Envy at a somewhat cheaper price but after looking at both of them in person, the Samsung lacked the certain "je ne sais quoi" I was looking for. The design, I felt, was inferior and the screen in particular was severely lacking in quality as compared to the Envy. I also looked at the HP dv6t quad edition which was significantly cheaper with similar specs and I would have gone with it but the build quality of the Envy won me over. I had decided not the go with the dell 15z to begin with as I found the design, especially the speaker mesh, quite off putting.I was well aware of the orange-red issue on the Envy and had made my peace with it even before the laptop arrived. I figured the 1080p resolution and the otherwise excellent quality of the display would offset this shortcoming and I am glad I was proven right. The issue is noticeable, especially when you know it exists and are actively looking for it, but it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be. If one is looking for extremely accurate color reproduction then the display would disappoint but for general productivity work, entertainment and light gaming the issue is largely unnoticeable. I have received many compliments about how amazing the display is and as time passes, so do my concerns about the red issue. Pure reds do look reddish and if one does not have a accurate display close by to compare with, the brain (at least mine!) perceives it as red and that's good enough for me. There are talks of HP offering a calibration tool to fix the issue but from what I read in the forums, the color gamut of the Envy is limited and I'm not counting on the tool to do anything useful (though I really hope I'm wrong here).The keyboard is excellent though there is some flex on the left side. Again, not noticeable if you're not actively looking for it. The stock touchpad drivers are horrible. Fortunately I was aware of this an quickly upgraded the drivers to the ones in the notebook review forum and all was good. Multitouch gestures are excellent though not quite up to par with the Macbook Pro's. My only complaint is with clicking on the touchpad. The entire touchpad is clickable but it takes a significant amount to force to do so. I am used to tapping to click so its not a deal breaker for me though this was quite disappointing.I have done some light gaming on it and older titles work very well. I don't suppose newer games would do as well, but with the Radeon 7690m they should certainly be playable. Beats audio is not just a gimmick but I've never been a big fan of audio on laptops, though the quality of speakers is well appreciated.In conclusion, I would highly recommend the HP Envy 15. The notebook looks like it is build to impress and last. It has enough horsepower to make it future proof for some time to come. You can certainly find cheaper machines with similar specs and in this regard I would say that the HP Envy is the poor man's Macbook. The quality is comparable to the Macbook and you do pay a premium for the build quality but at $1150, its a worthwhile investment.