Coming from a July 2011 MBA, I purchased this UX21 as a replacement and have no regrets. The other "ultrabook" choices are ugly or not as good. Toshiba Z830 is the only other one i'd consider in the US mkt atm. There are newer models in Asia that I haven't looked into yet.If I were to buy a laptop over again, I'd consider the 1.8ghz ver. This PC is bottlenecked only by CPU and GPU. I was able to run PS CS5 fine on a project with 8 layers but it had some occasional display inconsistencies.First, I have not experienced any of that audio jack problem some people claim. This PC is works just as you'd expect any new purchase to work.Pros vs MBA:1. much better hardware spec than MBA. The SATA III SSD rocks MBA's at a base level. Win 7 is clearly heavier. If they both ran OSX, this build would be faster. 128GB HD is a definite plus even with the default OS taking up a lot of space. 64GB runs out really fast. navigating the OS, I found the UX21 to be snappier. It's more Win 7 animation, slow fx, and more process loading that make it seem slower at times, such as during boot. you could always load a new OSaudio was nice. need headphones to really tell the quality difference.ppl seeing the UX21 for the first time found it very sleek and stylish. doesn't loose to mba at all in its own way. i like the spun metallic look.2. lid & display do not smudge nearly as often as MBA. i like things clean and MBA almost always needs to be wiped constantly cuz even closing the lid, smudges from the keys to the lcd appear so you have to wipe both.3. compatibility is a big plus. Some network printers output garbage when printing with the MBA. different disk format is not really effective for cross-OS file transfers. dealbreaker though was the WiFi. So many troubles with picking up networks and logging in. Finally, I found that Lion doesn't accept WEP networks for certain applications. It will only read WPA networks. The lack of a decent OS restore method killed the MBA for me. If you have other Apple product, you might have enough to put together a bootable USB, but this is my first MBA. There's no OS disk! I was downloading the OS via Internet Recovery but after it failed the first time following a couple hrs, I was not doing it again. I'm traveling often so I can't change network encryption or sit there waiting for an OS recovery. This led to me returning the MBA.Cons:1. The touchpad...sucks. It's decent as in it works. But on a scale of 1 to 5 vs MBA touchpad, this is a 1. Enabling drag locking makes it usable if you're used to do 2-finger drag actions. Otherwise it will read it as a rapid cursor relocation.2. The keyboard has no backlighting!! o.o I didn't find any problems typing though. Of course, you can't type as quickly since these are more stiff, but you can't really type that fast on such low profile keys anyway.3. MBA's power adapter is actually a lot better. At first glance, it just appears to be a fancier look, magnetic strip for plugging in, but if someone trips on the wire, the MBA cord tends to fly away, preventing drops. This is my biggest problem with the UX21 right now next to the touchpad. Both need to be improved ASAP.4. the UX21 lid is a lot tougher to open with one hand. the positive aspect of the stiff hinge is that the display will probably never flop in the next X yrs. I've gotten used to it but the inset groove from MBA is clearly a better design that the protrusion lip of the UX21.5. might be my imagination or windows chrome problem, but chrome flash plug in crashes a lot more than mba. i'm considering a clean reinstall or switch to linux to compare performance change after i store a backup