My Transformer Book arrived in mint condition and there hasn't been any problems so far.The instruction booklet says you need to charge the laptop for 8 hours before using it for the first time in battery mode. Just plug it in and leave it plugged in while you setup the computer for the first time. The power cord is short so you'll have to sit very close to the power outlet. Buying a USB extension cable is a good idea.It connected to my 5Ghz wireless network perfectly.It's a little fingerprint prone, but still very sexy and sleek. The tablet screen locks very securely into the keyboard dock and it's easy to unlock it from the keyboard dock too.I'm a power user so I only bought this hybrid netbook for portability reasons. It will be great for traveling when I only need access to the internet and other light tasks. It comes with a Product Key for Office 2013 home/student version, so that's nice.The battery doesn't charge very fast, but it does have a long battery life once it is charged. It took maybe about 6 hours to charge to 100% battery and it last about 6-11 hours on battery depending on whether you're playing an intensive game or just browsing the web.The touchpad is average. It needs to be a little more sensitive. I went into the control panel and played with the mouse settings, but that only helped a tiny bit. However, I will be using this with a USB mouse most of the time, so its ok. Because the touchpad isn't great I ended up using the touchscreen to maneuver around and the keyboard for typing. It has a touchscreen keyboard as well. My USB mouse worked great.The keyboard keys are perfectly responsive. It's a small keyboard though, so the larger your hands are the more cramped you are going to feel. However, I got used to it very quickly and stopped missing keys.The touchscreen is really responsive and precise about knowing which small area of the screen you touched on a tiny menu.This tablet has a full version of Windows 8.1 32-bit. So you can install any desktop program you want.The only programs installed when you first boot are the typical windows stuff, Office 2013, and some Asus programs which are actually useful instead of bloatware. The only thing I uninstalled was Asus WebStorage. I don't need that.It's very quick for a tablet PC, probably because of the SSD. Not recommended for heavy tasks, but still powerful at multi-tasking lots of lighter tasks. It's got an Intel Atom CPU with 4 cores. I was able to play games like Runescape and WoW on Low Detail without lag.There's a microUSB port, a microHDMI port, microSD card slot, and an earphone jack on the side of the tablet screen. There is a full-sized USB3.0 port on the side of the keyboard dock. A microphone and webcam are built-in to the tablet. I've tested them using Skype and they work fine.Just browsing the web, the tablet barely gave off any heat whatsoever.You do not want to work on this netbook for long hours. It's too small for lengthy work. You'd get a backache and an eyestrain. As a tablet, it's perfect for reading in bed for long hours.Buy an ethernet USB adapter if you want to plug an ethernet cord into it instead of using wifi.I'm surprised by the powerful speakers on such a small netbook. They're awesome for music and video.I'm very impressed by this tablet. Despite it's low price, it doesn't feel cheap at all. I'd actually recommend it over the much more expensive Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Asus has a winner on their hands and they're definitely going to give Microsoft some serious competition with this affordable, but high quality hybrid tablet.