I recently purchased the Toshiba L675D-S7052 laptop for my daughter to use in college. After reading some reviews I was a bit nervous, but went ahead anyway.I am not disappointed with this purchase. In fact, I'm quite pleased.I have a lot of confidence in Toshiba Satellite laptops. I started off with a Compaq, years ago. It was nothing but trouble. When I replaced it, I purchased a Toshiba Satellite. I have stuck with Toshiba ever since. I have found that they are a hardly piece of equipment that just keeps going...and going...and going.One of the things that concerned me, with some reviews, was the claim that this laptop is flimsy, bendable and liable to all sorts of bad things. I have not found that to be the case whatsoever. This laptop is nicely protected and is made out of a decent, sturdy material. It appears it can take a beating - bouncing around in someone's car and backpack. I'm both comfortable and confident giving this to a teenager.I am a fan of AMD processors. In my experience, I have grown to prefer them over Intel processors. This Phenom II - Dual core processor appears to have plenty of power and speed. One thing my daughter requested, was that she could play games on it. She made me promise her. Guess what? This little laptop does just fine.I am not too happy with the fact that this Windows 7 (64bit) version regularly sucks up 1.2 gigs of RAM just to operate. But then again, it comes with 4 gigs of RAM and is upgradable to 8.  If I decide to add more RAM, it will take me all of one minute to install it.One of my main concerns was with the number of USB ports. Many of the new laptop models only have two. That made me nervous for a couple of reasons. One, laptops get hot, so we're going to need to plug in a cooling pad. Two, some external hard drives require two USB slots to power themselves. Three, beside the other two...where is she going to plug in her mouse?I didn't need to worry. I sat the laptop on the kitchen table all day long as I updated Windows, installed software and tested out the system. After sitting on the table without a cooling pad for 8 hours, i picked up the thing and it was still cool. I mean...really cool. My personal laptop gets so hot you need a cooling pad. After running hard for 8 hours, this little unit felt like it was still sitting at room temperature. This is nice.It is also my understanding, correct me if I am wrong, but the newer external hard drives are back down to one slot. However, even if I am wrong, we still have three to play with. So, if it takes two to run an external hard drive, we still have another slot for a mouse.Here is a nice feature: Ever had trouble with a laptop when you are typing and the cursor moves all over the place because of the pressure on the keyboard? I have experience this with IBM, HP, Compaq and Toshiba units in the past. However, on this unit...just below the space bar...there is a tiny button that can disable the built in mouse pad. When you want to use it again, just press the button and it starts working again. Nice!Only thing I didn't like very much, was that the keys seem to show fingerprints easily. However, they are easily wiped off.The 17 inch screen is beautiful.I am very pleased with this purchase.Awesomeness: Price, screen size, hard drive size, low heat, thinWhine Factor: No Blu-Ray, no Bluetooth