I bought this laptop on Black Friday at Best Buy. Right off the bat, I can say I LOVE this laptop.Here's what I was looking for in a laptop:Something very portable: I am in college and wanted to be able to carry it around everywhere so I wanted something thin and light. I debated between 15.6 and 14 inch laptops and decided on a 14 inch. I am very happy I did so. It is still way bigger than those silly 11 inch net books that make my hands cramp up when I'm typing a paper! This laptop is perfectly sized for portability while still having many features that are usually lost with very small/thin laptops (like a CD/DVD drive!)Something powerful: If I am going to be putting several hundred dollars up to buy a laptop, I don't want it to be slow and out of date the next year. This laptop comes with a a top of the line i7 processor! (In case you didn't know, it goes i3, i5, i7; with i7 being the best.) This laptop can run high quality games (like Diablo 3 which I play sometimes) with ease. With the i7 processor, I can run AutoCad and other memory intensive programs with ease and simultaneously with other programs running too. Anyway, this computer has a very powerful processor that will do anything you need.Something sturdy: I hate picking up a laptop and having it just feel cheap. Previous laptops I've owned were just bulky plastic. I didn't want that and the HP Envy m4 is the opposite of that. It is very sleek and and feels great and solid.Something that could hold everything I wanted: Even though Solid State hard drives are faster with data transfer and just faster in general, you cannot get a lot of storage space with them. Many of the solid state laptops I looked at for the same price only offered like 128 GB of storage. That can't even hold all of my iTunes without all my favorite programs, movies, and documents. This laptop has a 1 Terabyte hard drive! Thats 1000 GB! I love having the option to have everything with me wherever I go with much more space for down the road. I did consider an external portable hard drive with a solid state laptop but ultimately decided that would just be a hassle and I would hate not having my music (or anything that didn't fit on the tiny hard drive) with me whenever I wanted without plugging in an external hard drive.That's what I wanted in a laptop and the HP Envy m4 perfectly fits that description at a great price (even at full price). I think this laptop is still cheaper on Best Buy's website even after Black Friday than Amazon right now which is weird.On top of the main components I wanted in a laptop, this laptop has a lot of bells and whistles that I really like.The back lit keyboard is very nice for typing in low light situations.The finger print scanner is awesome! I thought I would just use it to get into my computer (instead of typing a password every time) but I use it on every website I need to log into! Once you log into a website once, the HP program asks if you want to save that username, password, and website to your fingerprint. I love how fast it makes logging into anything while still maintaining security!Don't forget the Beats Audio by Dre! I always thought it was just another gimmick in the commercials that some rapper would put his name on and endorse a laptop. But I am extremely impressed. This laptop plays music VERY loud and extremely clear. A very nice little bonus to this already amazing laptop.I have not had any problems with this laptop at all. This is my first time using Windows 8 but I'm figuring it out and enjoy the little improvements and shortcuts they have made.I will update this as I play with my laptop more and use it more but I have had it a week now and still absolutely love it! Hope this will help you in your search for a new laptop!God Bless,Michael