I shopped around doing research online for a few weeks, for a sub-$500 laptop. I found the Z580 from an online store (they sold out quickly) for $445, but with 8G of RAM, same 3rd generation i5 and the rest the same as this one, except it came with Windows 8. When I found it, and then read and watched reviews, I ordered it immediately. In two weeks of looking, this stuck out as a great buy.I've had computers since 1983, have studied programming, and consider myself an experienced user, but am not a programmer or geek. My last laptop was a SONY, and it was my favorite computer before this one. For me, this Lenovo is very well thought out. The gray brushed metal finish, which appears brown, looks great. I like the large ultra smooth touchpad, and that turning the "tap" feature off was easy to do by right clicking the touchpad icon in the taskbar. The LEDs are nice and dim, which is good at night.I like the click and response of the keyboard, and that the delete key is a different shape, slightly bigger, and that controlling the sound volume and brightness is easy to do with the Fn key and arrow keys, and that the volume can also be adjusted with the LED lit sensor buttons above the keyboard. Incidentally the button on the right with the quarter moon is a fan clean dust button. In Windows 8, it will not adjust fan speed. The fan sound is quiet, but not perfectly silent like my SONY where I had to be about 2 inches away to even hear it.It comes with a few somewhat useful little programs and not too much bloatware. My favorite software that it comes with, is the Dolby Home Theater v.4 with full equalizer. You access it through an icon in the taskbar (bottom right) and I have configured that so it shows on the taskbar, rather than being in the hidden section of taskbar icons.At first I thought the speakers were not that great, but surprisingly, to watch a movie at night on them is like having a small home theater system for one, when you set the Dolby. The Dolby has to be turned on an off from an icon on the taskbar. The laptop speakers lack bass, but they are surprisingly clear, and much better than my previous SONY which required external speakers at all times. On the Dolby software, after you click on the Dolby icon and click the "on" button, it's the small button at the bottom middle to get to the equalizer and all the controls, including presets you can create yourself. The Dolby sound software will also come in handy if you have desktop speakers that don't come with a lot of controls, or just to use the terrific surround sound.Most of the time, I use this laptop interfaced with a monitor, keyboard, old touchpad and speakers but I also use it as a laptop too. I like the 4 USB ports, and VGA and HDMI outputs. The Bluetooth, and WiDi are good to have even though I don't use them. WiDi allows wireless transmission to a TV with that receiver, or you can buy a receiver separately.The screen is shiny and probably not the best for use outside or where glare is a problem.The Windows 8 situation has little to do with the laptop, but I will mention that the worst thing about that at first was that when you make the least little left-to-right movement near the left side of the touchpad, it will take you back to the Metro/tiles and out of whatever you were doing. Do the swipe again, and you're back. I found the setting to turn that off in Windows.When I plug this into my monitor, it sensed the monitor brand and resolution, which is something Vista wouldn't do.I downloaded the classic shell to look like Windows 7, and may delete that later. I didn't want to deal with learning Windows 8 while setting it up. I'm glad I didn't get Windows 7 though, and the fast startup/shutdown times of Windows 8 are nice, and I keep discovering new, cool features about Windows 8.Some people have complained about the jumpiness of the touchpad in that there are no left and right buttons but the entire pad dips down in the two bottom corners when depressed. It can cause your cursor to jump but hasn't been a problem for me. For me, turning off the tapping, and a few of the swipe features has it working well.The battery life is only a few hours if playing a movie but twice as long if you're just using less power. The WiFi has automatic recognition, no switch. For me, the range is the same as my other laptop, about 50 feet. If you have trouble with the range, I'd suggest reconfiguring your wireless router with the laptop.Before this worked really well, I had to do all the updates for Windows 8. I did other things too like transfer my browser profile -- not just bookmarks but cookies, history, passwords and everything -- which made switching to a new computer painless but was a surprisingly convoluted thing you have to do, to do that. The i5 is speedy and I like it a lot. It came with 8G of RAM which is the max, but it should last me another 6 years hopefully, maybe longer.The Metro tiles and all that? I've played around with some of it. It's really more for touchscreen users, and if you know what you're doing, you can pretty much ignore it. I'm still exploring some of the things that might be useful about them.