After owning this laptop for a couple of months now, I feel safe in saying that this is an excellent computer that I am glad that I have.  The price of this computer is another key aspect that makes this computer such an excellent deal.  I have long been a user of HP computers; therefore, I think that I'm fairly qualified to attest to their reliability.  If they were not reliable, I would not continue to purchase them.Now to the HP g7 specifically.  One of the first things to catch my eye, besides the price, was the Intel Core i3 CPU.  I had always owned HP's with AMD processors as they seemed to be a little more affordable; however, this laptop had the same affordable price with an Intel processor.  This interested me greatly as I had always heard of Intel's great reputation for their fine processors.  Plus this processor is rated at around 2.5 GHz while most of my AMD's on laptops had been just below 2.0 GHz.  So, I admit that I had phenomenal expectations for the speed and power of this computer.  I'm sad to report that those expectations were not met by the Intel Core i3.  This is only one of the negatives that I must state.  To be fair though, it was a matter of expectations and not actual performance.  The Intel processor does a fine job of handling any tasks that I throw it's way, I guess I was expecting a little more from Intel based on their reputation.  So it is now my experience that the AMD processors are extremely comparable to the Intel processors in the HP's that I have owned.  I guess that I should have known that since I have always had really good performance from my AMD processors.  I say all of this to give an open and honest view of my experience with this computer.  I say all of this not too necessarily sway anyone away from this laptop, but I say this in case others have heard of the Intel reputation over AMD's.  Regarding this matter, I will restate that this processor has taken everything that I have thrown at it.  An example of this is that I have on more than one occasion had image manipulation programs open along with Firefox 4.0 with about a dozen tabs open with graphic websites with Windows file handling programs open along with other media (iTunes) playing all at the same time.  The Intel processor and 4 GBs of RAM handled all of this just fine.Speaking of some of these other specs, the 4GBs of RAM is nice at this price range in my opinion.  I also like the 500GBs Hard Drive.  That is plenty of room even for someone like me who downloads lots of Amazon mp3s and takes and stores lots of pictures.  I have found the Bluetooth feature to be useful with my smartphone.  It is also my opinion that the screen really pops.  It is a good size screen for a laptop with really good color in my opinion. Also in my opinion, the specs and feature set are really nice for this price range.If you have not had Windows 7 yet, I have found it to be stable.  Admittedly, I don't see too much difference from Vista.  I am glad to have the latest version of Windows for all of the latest drivers and such.  Just an FYI, Windows 7 is now up to SP 1.  I'm not sure if that will be pre-installed on the computer or if you will have to download it.  The laptop does have the Home Premium version of Windows 7.  I consider this a must as the Home Premium comes ready for networking and much media usage in addition to the standards of Windows.Lastly, this has been a solid performer for me in the couple of months that I have owned it.  I have been really pleased with the price point.  Since this laptop can be found at different price ranges, I'd like to share the price range I'm talking about.  When I purchased my laptop from a retail outlet on sale, it was $550 and $600 after taxes.  So basically I am talking about this laptop being in a nice price range around $600 and under as it is currently advertised with Amazon.  In summary, I really like this laptop with the only disappointment being that the Intel did not live up to all the hype as I expected it to be incredibly better than the AMD's.  Be that as it may, this laptop with the Intel processor performs just as well as other AMD's that I've owned.  With all of that said, I find this laptop to be an excellent computer for the price range.