First, understand that this is a small computer, with a small keyboard, and that it may take some getting used to, because of the smaller keys.  I knocked off a couple stars because I had a couple gripes. The first, I thought this hp Pavilion 11-e115nr ll.6 touchscreen notebook came with a "regular" AMD A-6 CPU.  Maybe I missed it, but I did not notice in reading the specs on Amazon that the actual CPU number is AMD A-6 1450, which is basically a 1Ghz quad core, that can step up to around 1.4 or 1.5 Ghz.  Anyway, it is classified as a "tablet processor" on some of the review sites that I visited (post purchase). In applications where one core is actively used, performance may be similar, or possibly less than some Intel Celeron processors, according to my interpretation of ratings I saw on the web.  It is ok for web surfing, and e mail, but definitely not an AMD A6-5200.  So, don't expect a lot of speed.My next gripe, was that the Recovery disk operation failed at 40% into DVD 2 (of 4) twice.  To the credit of hp, hp Customer Support Fed Ex'ed a recovery flash drive, at no charge to me, so thank you, hp for that, and it came fast. Hp Customer Service was very good, and eager to accommodate me.  They even called me back to make sure I had received the recovery flash drive, and that if I had any other questions, that they would be happy to help.  So far, I rate the HP  Customer Service at 5 Stars.Beyond those two issues, this is a pretty nice little computer, with a bright, clear screen and a very good compliment of ports:  2 usb 3, 1 usb2, an HDMI Jack, an RJ45 network jack, monitor jack, card slot, and a combination headphone / microphone jack.There is also a built in microphone next to the webcam.  The web cam provides a good image.  I have not done any heavy duty computing on this yet, such as graphic intensive (game) use, but so far, the computer runs cool, with little or no heat detected on the bottom.  They say it has DTS Sound.  I have not tried the sound yet, except that the onboard speakers are surprisingly clear, and have more audio out than I expected for such a small computer.  So, I rate the sound good, so far.If you are new to Windows 8.1, and have questions; I recommend one of the books on amazon, such as Windows 8.1 for Dummies.  Also, don't hesitate to either google or yahoo your question on the web, as there are many sites that offer support.Happy computing!  allstarUpdate:  4-22-2014:  I have used this computer for a few weeks, and one person had a question as to if it will take a SIM card.  If it does, I am not aware of it, but you could check HP specs by searching the model number on support.hp.com , where you should find a link directing you to the spec page, which I recommend checking out. It does have what looks like an SD card slot, but I have not used it.Also: This computer came with Win 8.1, which I think is a highly recommended feature over Win 8.0Be advised that there is a very substantial update recently released for Win 8.1, KB2919355.  This update is several hundred MB! I am mentioning this as a courtesy, because I had some serious issues with Windows Update not working right, and thought I may have a virus, or root kit, for a while, but it was actually the need for the fixes in this update. When you get this update, it may appear to stall, but don't cancel the update without waiting a considerable period of time, as it is probably downloading, but not displaying correctly during the first half of the download.  You can also watch your hard drive activity light, to indicate activity during the download. The screen may not appear to indicate progress for an extended period of time, but will eventually start to indicate it is nearing completion when it is about half done. Then follow the prompts.  Also, another quirk: This same update, will probably appear, again in your recommended updates (I have mine set to inform me, but let me decide when to install), and when this happens, run it again, it will just add more components, not do the whole long update again.  This may happen a few more times, with the same update number. After you do this major update, you may notice a substantial improvement in the way your computer works.  I noticed improved scrolling in Internet Explorer, better function in windows update, and restored function in Windows Defender (Yes! Win defender is included with Win 8.1 (free anti malware program from Microsoft).Anyway, this is getting long winded, but I am liking this small computer much better since the above described update.  Good luck again - allstar