I just purchased my first Apple product in over 20 years - a brand new "old" model (non new unibody) MacBook Pro 15 inch which was on sale with rebates, as Apple is flushing inventory to make room for their new unibody models.  My computer was the 15 inch version, 2.5GHz, 250GB Hard Drive, NVidia 8600 512k graphics, with the Glossy screen and 2GB of Ram.  I did upgrade the RAM to 4GB for a grand total of $60 and 5 minutes of my time.This computer is MARVELOUS.  It is unlike any other laptop I have ever seen in so many ways.  No fans to over heat under the case - you can sit this laptop on your - lap - without worry.  Extremely thin design.  The body is made of aluminum and is apparently used as some type of heat sink.  Screen is CRYSTAL clear.  Speed is ASTOUNDING for such a small laptop - equal to one of our servers at work.I installed Parallels virtualization software, and installed my existing version of Windows XP Professional and Office 2007 on it.  It boots this virtualized machine and runs office FASTER than my previous DELL which had a 1.8 GHz Dual core processor, running them natively.  And this from within the Mac OS 10.5 Leopard operating system.I also purchased a pair for Shure SE310 earphones for AMAZING listening enjoyment, a Corsair 32GB USB Flash Drive, and a Western Digital My Passport Studio 400GB external hard drive for high speed Firewire 800 time machine backups and auxillary storage.  All of which worked perfectly right out of the box.  Just plug in and go.If I had to make ANY complaints (when I don't really have anything to complain about), I would mention only 2 things.  First the Airport built in Lan adapter seems to have somewhat weak reception.  I am sitting in my living room about 12 feet away from my wireless hub as I type this - and I am receiving only about 60% signal strength.  This is sub standard when compared to my Dell Laptop which would show well over 95% in this same position.  The other thing I notice compared to my dell is that the built in external speakers are - underpowered - to say the least.  Full volume on this computer would be equal to less than half volume on the Dell.  Neither of these is a large issue.  The airport extreme card does seem to allow me to move all over the house without losing signal - it just seems to fall off from strong to medium rather quickly.  From the external speaker point of view - buy a set of Shure SE310 earphones, or maybe a set of Klipsch Image X10's if you prefer - and you will never want to listen to external speakers again anyway.All in all - a 5 star computer.  Excellent product Apple!  Can't wait for you to price cut the 17 inch models with the release of the 17 inch unibody at Macworld.  I may become a 2 Macbook customer - albeit with your older discounted models.Cheers!