I love this laptop: Performance is great, design is great and I don't have problems with WiFi et. al (latest BIOS / drivers installed). Can't say much about the Sandisk SSD Performance issue, but I scored 3.300 PCMark 7 marks, so I guess this should be about right.BUT: What a flawed keyboard / touchpad. Asus! Seriously, what were you guys thinking???@ Keyboard: In short: Horrible typing! Keys are waaay too far away from each other.- Fairly often the keys don't react properly although you've pressed themArrow keys are waaay too small (yeah, great design, Asus! Have you thought about functionality?).- No dedicated page up/page down button (same as above: design first, then functionality).I doubt that I'll get used to this. I'll try my best within the next week but will probably send it back.@ Touchpad: OMFG! Asus, what the hell were you guys thinking? I read lots of reviews before buying this laptop and thought "c'mon, it can't be that be that bad". But when I actually started to use it I couldn't believe what I found. Asus just shouldn't have tried to imitate the Apple Touchpad. Of course I can use a mouse while working on my desk, but this touchpad will annoy me whenever I'm traveling.- The touchpad is just waaay too big. You cannot write a text without deleting sentences because you accidently mark text with your palm while typing and erasing everything you've typed. This was improved a bit with the latest driver (they increased the "dead zone", but it still happens waay too often.- When you tap the touchpad to perform a left-click the delay is just aweful. I presume that because of all this swipe-gesture-interpretation-intelligence integrated into the touchpad hardware it just takes a while to interpret the tap as a click. I don't see how this can be fixed with a driver update.- Why on earth did Asus decide to build in a touchpad that has no left/right mouse button that can be "felt" with your finger, i.e. by separating it from the capacitive area? Because the "border" between the two buttons is just printed on the touchpad itself you cannot "feel" the buttons and therefore quite often perform a leftclick instead of a rightclick, a rightclick instead of a leftclick, or move the mouse instead of clicking.- Due to the fact that the touchpad, including the two "buttons" (which are no real buttons but just printed on the touchpad itself), is just one big area with just one "clicking" switch underneath there's another annoying flaw: When you perform drag and drop and want to release the left mouse button by lifting your finger from the area that is supposed to be the left mouse button, the switch below doesn't recognize this. Why? Well, even the tiny weight of your other finger (on the touchpad itself) is enough to prevent the switch underneath from releasing. Funny, huh?In short: Don't buy this laptop if you intend to type on the keyboard or use the touchpad. If you don't, well, I'm sure you'll like it... ;)