First review ever, but the U300s is worthy of a try.Just for some background, this is my personal laptop purchase.  I'm a gadget junkie, but on a budget and look for value. I don't mind paying a little more if it's worth it.  I'm an engineer by profession and was looking for something versatile to be able to use for personal but also powerful enough for work.  I'm also a Windows person who for many years sat idly by while Apple fans have gotten the best hardware.  My alternative prior to an Ultrabook was going for a dual boot of the Macbook Pro 13" to use Windows on it.Been wanting a new notebook for a while, so thought long and hard.  Looked hard for any piece of information I could grab on Ultrabooks.  Waited as long as I could for reviews too.  Unfortunately, I was struck early by the unique looks of the U300s.  Poor reviews of the Acer, and mixed reviews on the Asus UX31 also helped to affirm my decision.I purchased the Core i5/128GB version of the Lenovo Ideapad U300s from Amazon via ABT Electronics.  I actually cancelled a CompUSA order because the ABT price was so much better plus NO TAX!! Shipping was fast.  Delivered in about 3 days.Here's a quick review, it's not a technical review.  Just a mix of likes/dislikes addressing some of my main concerns:1) Overall, very good build quality.  I'd say 8.5/10, as there is some creaking on the palm rests.  I really have to try to make it creak, but creak nonetheless.  Otherwise, very good tolerances, everything is tight and sharp.  Great balance.  Lid opens with one hand (UX31 doesn't even do that all the way).2) I love my Apple desktop keyboard with the number pad, but I really like Lenovo's keyboard.  I've used the Thinkpad keyboards for a while, and really like those too.  The island keys on the Ideapad are good.  If I had to rate them:- Apple keyboard = 9.5- Thinkpad notebook = 8.5- U300s Ideapad = 8.0Trackpad does sometimes get in the way, as it is close to the keyboard.  I'm using F6 to turn it off for right now.It's not backlit, but I've never had a backlit keyboard, so it wasn't a deal killer.3) LOVE the ventless bottom.  I use the laptop in bed, and the ventless bottom was a key selling point.  Machine never gets hot.  I haven't even gotten it too warm.  Fan does go on constantly, but it's hardly noticeable.  Feel comfortable using or leaving on a bed.4) Unit's main body color was darker than I expected.  I have the "graphite grey" version.  The marketing pictures makes it look more silverish (like the MBA) but it's darker.  The lid and bottom are also more of a "greyish brown" color.  I like the colors, but not my favorite, and also not exactly what I expected.  Ironically, it's more in line with and matches the colors of my Nexus One phone.One issue is though metal, the lid and bottom seem to absorb oils from the hand.  No finger prints, but oil.  You can wipe off, but still annoying.5) 128GB SSD is fast.  No benchmarks, but feels snappy.  Cold boot is ~15-20 seconds.  Wake from sleep is as little as 2 seconds and up to 6 seconds!  There have been times where like the MBA, you open the lid (one handed) and it's there on the sign-on screen.  Love that.Yes, it's only 128 GB, but I have broken it out into 2 main partitions, one for the system and the other for programs install and storage.  There are other smaller partitions, including I think the recovery partition.  I'm not messing with those.  Using Spotify for my main music source.  I have all of my photos and pictures downloaded which is about 25GB.  I still have ~30GB to play with on the storage partition.I also have a 750GB USB 3.0/7200 RPM Hitachi Touron Pro external HDD for portable storage.  So between the two, I have plenty and fast storage.6) Screen is 1366x768, which is okay for me.  Over the years, my eyes have gotten worse, so I actually appreciate that it's not too high resolution.  I can attach to my 24" monitor directly via HDMI port.  This was not a deal killer.7) My main gripe is no SD card slot.  Silly oversight on Lenovo's part.  Not a dealbreaker, as I have a USB card adapter.  Not a photographer or anything, but still...so small, Lenovo could have put one in.  It was a big gripe in reviews of their U260 model from earlier in the year.I saw the Asus UX31 at Best Buy today in person on display, and had I seen it before I purchased the Lenovo, I would have considered it more seriously.  Probably a better machine, great build quality (no creaking), great sound.  Keyboard was okay too.Overall though, a happy camper with the Lenovo.  The U300s has it's flaws (no SD card, and honestly wish it was a little lighter colored), but almost perfect for me.  Love that it's a Windows machine and looks more akin to a Macbook Pro than an Air, which I appreciate, but < 3 pounds.I plan to keep this little guy for a while.There are very good professional reviews out there which you should check out.  Here's a list compiled by Ultrabooknews.com- [...]- personally, I've read the Mobile Tech Review, Engadget's and The Verge's reviews.Happy hunting.