Had to edit my review. Still really like the idea of a chromebook however i'm experience problems with mine. It randomly shuts down. I've posted in googles chromebook forum but haven't gotten an answer that helps. I've ran a Chrome OS recovery which installs a fresh copy of Chrome OS on your computer. It shut down 5 mins after that. I thought maybe it was overheating on my lap - covering the exhaust port and fan but it shut down on a table a couple days ago and last night in the middle of a movie. Both time the vents were completely clear. Have read 2 other reviews that have this problem. Might just be faulty hardware and I got an unlucky one. Not sure but I will have to take this back. Don't know if I will purchase another.This is my first chromebook. If you know what a chromebook/Chrome OS is capable of will not be disappointed.I've been using it for a couple days now so I'll give you a breakdown of what I like about itScreen- 11.6 is alot smaller than I'm used too. That being said its not a bad trade off for the portability of this device. Its a TN screen so colors are not that great but also not bad, I've seen 400-500 dollar laptops with worse screens. I compared the chromebook with the ISP panel and it was so much nicer of a screen but I did not like that chrome book. I actually like the matte screen. My last 2 laptop were glossy so I thought i might not like this one but thats not the case. Remember the price of this laptop I can't complain at all about the screenHdmi out - I've hooked this up to my 55" samsung tv via hdmi. The picture was amazing. Just make sure you don't choose mirror displays. that will send the 1366x768 image to the tv. Choose the other setting and it will send a full 1080p signal to your screen. I tested playing movies from either usb port, the sd card, and the actual hard drive on the computer and all worked perfectly.Webcam- just average. In good lighting its a decent image. Medium light starts to get grainy. Low light pretty bad.Audio- sounds great with headphones, speaker volume is more than enough with my Grados. Built in speakers are very good as well, better than my last 2 laptops which is odd since the speakers here are on the bottom.Battery life - have been getting 7-8 hours just as advertised. I really find this incredible, my past laptops were 3 hours at mostwifi- works great. I needed an ethernet port which this did not have. I purchased a usb to ethernet adapter from amazon. It was cheap and works perfectly. Tried it in both usb ports and is automatically detected and worked in both.Sabrent USB 2.0 to Network 10/100Mbps Ethernet Adaptersd/usb ports - all work and quickly, dont' have any usb 3.0 devices to see how much quicker the usb 3 is.keyboard- i like the small keyboard. can reach any button easily while typing. doesn't feel cheap. the full screen button and the buttons around it are a little "clicky". There is some flex in that area of my laptop which causes that sound. If I push down slight on the plastic above those keys they sound just liek the rest. The tiny flex in the plastic is what is causing the sound , the keys work fine.  Some buttons are gone from a regular laptop or keyboard but there are short cuts to each of these missing keys. Just have to look them up - example no delete button but alt+backspace functions as a delete button.Trackpad- is sensitive and responsive. Click feels solid, but i find that i really click anymore just tap it. Since the laptop is small the track pad is on the small side. Sometimes when I'm scrolling down I run out of track pad. I just have get used to it and two finger scroll a little quicker and then it brings me to the bottom of the pages i'm reading.So for 199 I really think this is an amazing machine. If you know what Chrome OS is capable of then you won't be disappointed with this.  At first I didn't know how I would manage without downloading the programs I have on windows but it seems in this day there is a web based program for everything you need to do.My only issue is Toshiba just came out with a chromebook CB35-A3120. It has a 13.3 inch screen (supposedly better colors, glossy screen). Two 3.0 usb ports. It is 279 plus tax so its almost 50% more than this model.  I've not seen one in a store yet but I might consider getting that instead depending on when I see one in person.