*UPDATE*So I've had the laptop for well over 1/2 a year now....so far so good!  I use it tons everyday as my *main* computer and workstation(I work online from home).  The screen continues to be the best feature of this laptop and I feel like I got way more than my moneys worth in this area!  I've started watching more and more TV shows/movies online with this ultrabook because the display is simply better than any of my TVs and I can take it anywhere!  I cannot comment much about the trackpad issues because after I updated the drivers/software and tweaked around with the settings I was able to use it in a satisfactory manner...however I HATE using trackpads for my work on the computer so I quickly upgraded to a wireless USB mouse and simply disabled the trackpad whenever it detects an external mouse.  Regardless I just want to emphasize how much the trackpad can be improved by UPGRADING THE DRIVERS/ETC!As far as performance goes....when I bought this ultrabook I never intended to use it for things like PC gaming but the beautiful 1080HD display was hard to ignore and a few months ago I started using this to play SKYRIM!  yeah hard to believe this ultrabook without a real graphics card and only an integrated Intel HD4000 graphics can *easily* handle games on Steam including things like Skyrim...admittedly I did have to turn down the graphics settings to low and turn off a few eye candies but I'm getting a decent frame-rate and having no issues otherwise.So overall after nearly 8 months of heavy duty usage, I can safely give this laptop my recommendations!  It is such a bargain now that the prices have dropped even further and anyone who is looking for a ultrabook without the touchscreen/Windows 8 stuff should really check these out!  Highly recommended!I was originally shopping for a new laptop for under $500 to fit my tight budget when I first stumbled upon the VIZIO Thin and Light Ultrabooks....I had trouble finding laptops in this price range that were not seriously flawed or filled with old, outdated technology....and once I did more research I realized most of these laptops, even ones with larger screens, were unable to display higher resolutions which was a requirement for my new purchases.  As soon as I searched for laptops with quality, high res displays I realized I would not be able to afford them since almost all of them were well over $1,000usd.....i filtered my search down to laptops with good displays and believe it or not the Vizio Ultrabook CT15-A1 was the cheapest model I could find with the full HD, high-res display.....then I looked closer and was shocked to see all the features and quality components/hardware included in the price tag! turbo core i5, SSD hard drive, HDMI output, etc etc etcWhen I unboxed the CT15-A1 the first thing I noticed how clean, modern and sleek it is.  Its got a little bit of weight in a good weigh makes it feel expensive and durable.....its ultra thin!  The display is AMAZING....hands down this is the major selling point of this laptop and it delivers + some!!! its just beautiful IPS anti glare display perfect size for a laptop!  Performance is amazing....this thing is FAST silent and deadly! the SSD allows the machine to boot up in less than 10 seconds and makes Windows run faster than ever!  have not  played any games so I cant comment on gaming performance but I dont think this is designed for serious gaming anyways.I will update this review if I run into any issues or my opinions change but so far I couldnt be happier.  AMAZING ULTRABOOK!