I feel a little humble writing this review. I am not an IT expert, nor do I have any expert knowledge about technology is general. In fact, I don't even own a cell phone. Our family's main television is analog, I don't know how to text, and I am that person who goes to teenagers for technological advice. Not to say that I'm backwards or unaware of current high-tech trends. I just don't feel like my life needs to be enhanced by fancy gadgets. Well, that is until I entered the World According to Apple!Just yesterday, I purchased my first MacBook Pro and am wondering what took me so long. About two months ago I attempted to replace my (perfectly serviceable) 2006 Dell laptop with a netbook. I reasoned that 1 GB of memory would be adequate for my needs; I have never been more wrong in my life. That ill-conceived purchase helped me decided that it was time for me to move to the forefront of computing and buy more computer than I would ever need. Right now, I feel like a little kid seeing snow for the first time or experiencing my first roller coaster ride. I have never used something so intuitive before.PROS:Some have posted that this computer is a "behemoth" or "unwieldy". I find it to be about the same size as the laptop I'm replacing (the aforementioned Dell).With my Dell and netbook I used a USB mouse. With this computer, for the first time, I actually like track pads. It didn't take me long to realize that using this trackpad is easier than a mouse. The entire pad is a button or you can set it to read a "tap" (which I like better).The keyboard on this computer is very comfortable. However, as an earlier poster said, the sharp edges that form the front perimeter of the case do cause some annoyance. I'll assume that future editions of MacBook Pro will probably feature softer corners. Please don't take this to be a deal-breaker - it is not terribly uncomfortable, just a surprise from an otherwise sleek machine.This is the first time that I haven't had to worry about anti-virus software. It feels like a shackle has been removed! Also, my least favorite part of Windows was the unbelievable amount of resources devoted to security. I found it to be clunky and annoying and, in some cases, a hinderance to software performance.I really can't tell you how nice it is to open a new laptop that isn't covered with advertising stickers. It's even better to boot the computer up for the first time without having to wade through endless ads. This is the first computer I've owned that my first step wasn't finding Control Panel to immediately remove unwanted software trials.CONS:I was baffled to discover that this computer does not have a slot to read my digital camera card. It was not a huge deal as I simply used the USB cord that was supplied with my camera. But really? Doesn't everyone have a digital camera with a memory card?The display cannot be maximized to fill the whole screen. With Windows, I always chose to auto hide the tool bar at the bottom of the screen.All in all, the pros far outweigh the cons. I will never go back to Windows. My MacBook has an i5 processor which will be more than I ever need.