I am amazed by this laptop computer.  It is a powerful laptop as it has as much RAM and hard disk space as my desktops do!  It can do many things using the windows 8.1 (64 bit) operating system and it is beautiful to look at as well.My experience with this computer is as follows:I followed the quick start guide and I had no problems connecting to the internet.  I did the Windows update then created an account with a password and I was done.  It took me a bit to get used to Windows 8 and the laptop's touchscreen features but, it was not difficult.  Picking the down arrow from the start page will take you to the list of apps and programs installed.  Picking Vaio desktop from the start page will take you to your "desktop".The Build:Quality.  Made with tough aluminum alloy parts and beautifully radiused corners and edges.  The touchpad (mouse area) is firm.  The keyboard keys are light to the touch, use a short stroke, and the lettering is big.  The keys are also backlit in low light settings which is very nice.  Overall the unit is about 1 inch thick when the clamshell is closed up.  The weight with battery is under 6 pounds.  Overall a great design.  The only thing I can think of to improve upon is maybe some more vents for ventillation.  I like the offwhite color finish used on everything except the bottom.The Screen:The touchscreen is bright and vivid.  The resolution is crisp and measures 1920 X 1080 pixels.  The screen uses backlight LED technology to increase brightness while saving power.  NVIDIA GeForce GT 740M is the graphics processor installed and it includes PhysX for gaming.  The touchscreen features are much easier to work with than I thought they would be and the screen is very responsive to the touch.  The screen is surrounded by a black border.The Sound:The speaker system also includes a subwoofer.  Well I tried the sound out and I am not impressed.  It's OK for just one person sitting in front of it.  To be fair I do not have any other laptop to compare it to.  I was curious and wanted to play some music.  When I find a graphic equalizer on this computer I will try and adjust the sound for more bass.  I think it would be better to use earbuds.Software that comes installed:This is a very extensive list, or I would type it for all to see.  Note that Kaspersky internet security and Microsoft office are trial versions.  Adobe Photoshop Elements 12 is certainly a nice addition as I like to edit and improve my photos.Other Features include:Touchscreen Keyboard - Security Considerations........Makes it more difficult for malware by reducing the risk of keystroke logging.  When typing, the touchscreen keyboard key lights up briefly and you hear a "click" sound.  Nicely done!Assist Button / Vaio Care - Checks for notices and installs updates for the computer.  Performs regular maintenance of your VAIO computer and tries to solve problems you might encounter when using the computer.Sony Rapid Wake technology - Nice feature.Energy Star certified