My first Air (this exact machine) was purchased at an Apple store and replaced at an Apple store. The third was purchased from Amazon. I got three bad apples, and I think that about sums it up. I will try purchasing this machine in the next couple of years in hopes that I don't strike out again (I'm a sucker for a good product and I believe that Apple still can provide that).I imagine the issue I originally encountered, that I gave this product 1 star for, was simply a defect in manufacturing. I own an early 2011 MacBook Pro that I love. I am (was?) an avid Apple fan and I purchased the newest Air recently. I opened it up only to find that the screen was lopsided. The case seems to close with the left side coming down every so slightly sooner than the right, which makes the whole body of the computer lopsided. When the laptop is closed, you can see that one side is a fraction of a millimeter tighter than the other.As an academic and type-A person who spends a great deal of time on her machine, this is unacceptable. When I drop a grand on a piece of equipment, it had better be perfect. I didn't think Apple could disappoint, but it did. I (exchanged) this first computer and (opened) the next one in the store before leaving. Hopefully no one else encounters this problem and Amazon will allow your return if you do.Edit 6/25: The tech at the Apple store was incredulous at first, but when he saw the gap difference he willingly replaced it. My understanding is that I am not the only individual who encountered this. The replacement does not have the same issue; I now have an excellent computer to use for work and school and am pleased so far with how things are working. I'm not incredibly computer savvy, and this is the first Air I have owned, but for someone who needed something light, small, and fast, this fits the bill. Still annoyed (and very surprised) that the first go was a bust.Edit 7/13: The second computer, after a couple days of use, began to randomly go black. Nothing would be lost, nothing to indicate why this was happening. The screen would just go dark and I would have to wait five to ten seconds for it to turn back on and all would be like it was just before the screen went dark. Kind of like an old person nodding off while watching TV and then suddenly waking up. I did trouble shoot with Apple. No hot spots on, nothing amiss. I took it back to the store; they offered to replace it. Instead, I washed my hands of the new toy and decided to wait a while to see if this issue got resolved. I was so disappointed.Then, I saw the computer go on sale at amazon for the student discount price at apple, without tax, on the 10th of July. It felt too soon, but that was a great price. I had a nice chunk of change in points and gift cards with Amazon and thought- what the heck. I bought it again, thinking there was absolutely NO possible way I could experience an issue a THIRD time.Of course, the screen on this computer was lopsided as well, like the first one. Not as severe as the first computer, but bad enough that I sent it back to Amazon today.I give up, Apple. I want to love your newer products. I really, really do. But it seems like there are some serious quality control issues and bugs that need to be resolved, and I don't want to cope with those, despite my desire for a new computer (fortunately I don't necessarily need a new one right now). I hope my old pro will last me a couple more years. When it comes time to replace my pro, I'm not sure if I will look at Apple's products to replace it.