As a computer scientist who spends a lot of time programming and cares about both the functional and aesthetic qualities of my electronics, the ultrabook craze as of late has excited me a lot. The fact that I have used PCs almost exclusively for the last 12 years initially lead me away from considering a MacBook Air--after all, Apple's computers are expensive; they do have a reputation for all looking the same, acting the same, and being generally uncustomizable; and they have had a reputation for being incompatible with a lot of software out there.  But I found myself in a position where I want a secondary computer that is small, light, attractive, and dedicated for light use, like text editing/coding and recreation.  As it turns out, Apple has done something with this laptop that I never thought I'd dream of.The Macbook Air--*gasp*--is price competitive with its competition.Most comprable Windows ultrabooks, like the ASUS Zenbook UX31E-DH72 13.3-Inch Thin and Light Ultrabook (Silver Aluminum), right now are often only about $100-$200 or so cheaper than the Macbook Air now.  I think that there are many things that the Macbook Air brings to the table that make the premium worthwhile. This review is not going to focus much on the actual specs of the laptop, as you can glean that from any of the 90 5-star reviews this laptop has at the moment.  I will focus instead on why this is great against the competition.1) The user experience is fantastic. The trackpad alone could win me over for this one. For some reason, other laptop manufacturers can't get multitouch gesturing right, but Apple clearly put a ton of effort into something so overlooked--but so constantly used--as the trackpad.  Multitouch gesturing on Lion is just the best you'll find on any computer anywhere. It feels natural and makes navigating your computer effortless. Even ignoring that, I've rarely seen any hiccups while using the laptop in terms of things freezing up or the computer becoming unresponsive. While I do love Windows 7, the benefits of Apple's closed in environment is that they can control everything about the user experience, and so slowdowns and UI problems become a rarity. You really can presume that nearly everything's going to work right. Finally, all the components seem very solidly built. The keyboard has great tactile feedback, and the port selection, while limited, all works perfectly. The hinge of the laptop even clearly was thought about, as the resistance is pretty much ideal (no wobbling, but not difficult to move around). The screen resolution (1440x900)--while not as good as the Asus Zenbook--is better than most of the rest of the competition, and that's something that's important to me as a software developer since I like to be able to read documentation and type out code at the same time, a feat difficult on a low-resolution screen.2) The customer service is also great. AppleCare has a great reputation, and you get it for a year for free. I've used ASUS support before, and it's really, really annoying to have to wait a month without your laptop for service. There really isn't much comparison.3) As a software developer, I find it irking that Apple forces iOS developers to code on a Mac with a subscription fee to the SDK. But that's the nature of the beast--so having this laptop gives me the ability to do just that. Sure, it seems unfair and maybe I ought not develop for iOS because of the many subversive choices Apple made, but hey--it's not up to me, and it's easier and more stable than making my laptop into a Hackintosh, so I guess I'll play the game :PAnd finally, there are some complaints about heat. Using the laptop on your lap does make your legs feel pretty warm. I haven't had the laptop crash due to heat ever, though. It is to be expected, though, since the metal chassis is part of the laptop's cooling system, though I hope that in future revisions of the macbook they come up with a good way to avoid this issue.There's one other laptop that I haven't taken into consideration that in retrospect I wish I considered more seriously. The Lenovo ThinkPad X1 (129126U) 13.3" LED Notebook - Core i5 i5-2520M 2.50GHz - 4G DDR3 320G HDD (Windows 7 Professional) - Black is a pretty good, and overlooked, ultrabook that seems like a great alternative, especially considering that you can get an extended battery that brings the battery life of that beast to an inhumane 22 hours or so while still being pretty small and light.  If you're looking into high-end ultrabooks, I'd limit my search to the Macbook Air, the Asus Zenbook, or the Thinkpad X1 at this point (the Sony VAIO VPC-Z212GX/B 13.1-Inch Laptop (Black) is very cool too, but also too expensive for me to take seriously). Also, you may want to wait for the near future when one of two things happens: a) the new Intel "Ivy Bridge" chips come out, as this may make laptops have even better performance and battery life; and b) Windows 8 comes out--I think that Microsoft's latest revision to their OS may have the potential for changing things big time in the market, so unless you feel good about Apple as it stands, I would consider waiting for that to come along.Hopefully this review will help some of you in the search for the latest and coolest laptops around :) Let the best manufacturer/operating system win!