First off, I love how fast the computer is. Navigating is always snappy and i have not had any problems with the processor or memory. However, Since windows 7 is a memory hog i have elected to upgrade the system to 8GB DDR3. It now runs flawlessly and i can not complain about the performance. I bought this laptop off of craigslist for 250 dollars which i think was an ok deal. I could have bought a  brand new computer for that much but i wouldnt be getting an i5 for that price.... My only major complaints are as follows:the original software that comes on the machine is intrusive. I recommend a complete boot and nuke of the hard drive and reinstall windows and the drivers to your liking. Also, the speakers are plenty loud, however, the keys like to rattle uncontrollably to the point to where you can no longer hear the sound... You can only hear the rattling keys... I find my self trying to cover the rattling keys with my hand to control keep them from vibrating but they still do it... The battery doesn't last worth a flip. With the screen brightness turned all the way down, just doing normal browsing on the internet, the battery might last an hour before it starts crying. That might be because its a few years old and needs a new battery but you would think it would last longer... LSecondly, the fan on this thing is really loud, and the heat it puts off gets pretty dang hot. If you leave it on your lap or bed it could possibly overheat depending on the sleep mode you have it on. it can burn your legs too so don't put it on your legs... Lastly, the screen is never 100% viewable. I find my self moving it up and down trying to find the best viewing angle only to find that I am disappointed at my self for even trying, knowing that it will never happen.i love that it has HDMI because i constantly stream movies onto my 50" HDTV and the quality is TOP NOTCH. It seriously looks like i popped a DVD in so that is definitely a pluspros: fast, HDMI with HD quality, upgradable, plenty of places to plug stuff in, SD reader, cheap, lots of connectors, will handle high quality games "but not all on extreme graphics", looks pretty, not too heavycons: keys rattle and vibrate and are almost as loud as the sound coming out of the speakers, dvd drive kind of slow, heat coming out of bottom corner is hot and placement is bad, HP software sucks needing windows reinstall, battery doesn't last very long, screen is not 100% viewable,all in all i would recommend this computer but would not pay more than 350 dollars for it since it is 3 or 4 years old. Despite all my cons, i would buy this computer again because i know it will last a long time, and is fast enough to not worry about it being outdated too soon.