I bought this machine last week to serve as my primary machine (desktop replacement)As a software developer, I usually care to have a powerful machine (at a suitable price), and I don't mind to play some network games from time to timeFirst of all, I got this machine from Amazon for only $850, so if it's out of Amazon's stock and you see it sold by another merchants at a higher price, you should wait till it's back to Amazon's stock, or go and buy it from Toshiba directly... You should never pay more than $900 anyway...PLEASE NOTE !!!! Another Toshiba machine with a higher screen resolution is available at the same price, it's only inconvenience is being bulky and heavy (model: P500-ST68X1), so if you really look for a desktop replacement and mobility is not so important for you, you should think about the P500-ST68X1Back to this machine, regarding to the pros, I think you can get most of it from the machine specs:1. 500GB HDD, 4GB DDR3... Should keep you running for at least 2 years2. 16" True Brite display... Pictures and movies Looks wonderful with TrueBrite3. Dedicated NVidia graphics memory rather that a shared memory Intel chipset... Should be very important for gamers. I havent tried it yet with gaming, but I think it will work great4. Windows 7 Home Premium: Haven t spent much yet testing it, but it looks more appealing that the stupid Vista... I was totally against the idea of migrating to Vista (after testing it with one of the workstations at work), however, Windows 7 looks much more mature to me than Vista... So, probably I'll keep it and wont downgrade the machine to XPOf course there are some cons, I agree with all described in other reviews, and I like to add the following:1. Be careful, screen resolution is only 1366x768... It looks great with movies and pictures, but if you like working at super high resolutions and you love to read tiny fonts (like me), this screen might be a bit disappointing for youMy other laptop is a Lenovo W500, offering a resolution of 1920x1200... So I miss the feeling of having this global view for my applicationsHowever to be honest, Truebrite still appears to be more vivid than Lenovo's2. Be careful, the 2 memory slots are already used, so you can only upgrade the laptop memory by replacing installed chips3. Be careful, 16" laptops will probably not fit in 15.4" cases, so you'll probably need to buy a new laptop case for this machine4. I totally agree that the machine comes loaded with lots of unnecessary software... I've already uninstalled lots of that5. I totally agree that the laptop finish although it appears very elegant, it's still very annoying when it comes to finger prints (they occur very easily, look very ugly, and you'll suffer to remove it)6. Socket loading CD-ROM, it looks fancy, but I feel it's somehow fragile (just a feeling)7. I still dont feel conformable with the touchpad (maybe it's a matter of time, but so far I cant have good control of it, even after changing its settings several times)Another important piece of info, according to Windows 7, this machine has an overall Windows Experience Index of 5.7, which is fair enoughConclusion:Good machine for all purposes, I don't regret buying it at all, it's just that you need to understand all cons very well and accept them, then probably you'll see that this is the best machine you can get within this price range if you look for mobility and power