DESIGN:Super light, 1029 grams.12mm thickVery sturdy aluminum frameVery hard to open, poor marks on this one (the trick is to put it on your lap and open it with two hands like a book)Very finicky touch mouse, needs to be adjusted once you receive itNeed to get used to the keyboard, it's a mini laptop, what do you want?  Once you get used to it, it's perfectly fine.SPEED:The time it takes to boot to the home screen from a cold start: 10.0 secondsThe time it takes to boot to the home screen from sleep: 2.0 secondsThe time it takes to fully shut down: 10.0 secondsBATTERY:Full charge, Youtube videos, highest quality, brightest and loudest settings:  2:00-2:30 hoursFull charge, MS Office work, brightest settings: 2:30-3:00 hoursAdd an additional 2-3 hours to each of the above when using the external battery pack.  Add an additional hour if using the lowest brightness and power saving features (you'll kill your eyes in the process though).The included external battery (+190 grams) is tricky to get on.  Find some videos on youtube for more info on how to get it on.Battery charges quite slowly when you're using this thing intensively but very quickly when it's shut down.HARD DISK/CPU/FAN:You're down to 77 GB of usable space after installing all the updates.  Super fast.  Quiet most of the time unless doing something intensive, then you can hear the little fan buzzing a bit.SCREEN:Amazing HD quality.  Sublime.  For something this small it's utterly impressive.DO NOT go off of other people's reviews (on other tech review sites) that claim such a resolution is way too high for such a small screen.  That's completely terrible advice.  As soon as you change the settings and increase the icon and font size everything is bigger than the icons on your local Ipad.  Perfectly visible text and icons even at a distance with NO loss in quality.  I.E. the icons and text don't become pixelated when you blow them up at the higher resolution.TOUCH TECHNOLOGY:Easy touch screen navigation.  Screen is perfectly sensitive.  Will smudge the screen with your fingers though but you won't notice it until the screen is black.When you get this computer, and need to access the side bar, make sure to start swiping your finger from right to left just beyond the edge of the visible screen to make sure the bar appears every time, otherwise you'll get frustrated if you try to aim your finger to the very right edge of the screen every time.It'll take some time to get used to the windows 8 touch technology, but in about 20 minutes of playing around you'll be buzzing around it like on your Ipad.CAMERA:Definitely not HD, but good enough for a quality Skype call.SPEAKERS:Loud enough for your regular movie.  Nothing special but not that bad either.KEYBOARD:Nice backlightOVERALL:If the short battery life is not of a concern to you, this is hands down the best piece of machinery for a comparable screen size you can get for $750.If you want a decent battery life with very similar other specs, you're looking at a $1,200-$1,500 machine.Your call.