This review concerns  ASUS A53E-AS52-RD 15.6-Inch Laptop (Red)You need to be aware that the USB connection sockets are on the sides of the computer, very close to the front (about 1 inch from the front on the left side; and about 2 inches from the front on the right side).  The external power plug-in socket is located on the left side about 4.5 inches from the front; and the cable from the internet router plugs in about 3.5 inches from the front.On my previous laptop, all these sockets were either on the back of the machine, or on the sides near the back.  Consequently with my previous laptop there was no clutter of cords and wires to printer, external hard-drive, mouse, etc.WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU is that with this computer you will have a spaghetti-bowl of wires extending outwards for 4 inches or so on both sides of the computer, all the way down to the front edge.  This means that you cannot lay books or papers or writing materials closer than maybe 5-6 inches to the sides of the computer.  If you use a small table/platform to use your computer in a confined space, this is VERY inconvenient.Had I known about this ahead of time, I would not have purchased this machine, since I leave the laptop in place 99% of the time.  On the other hand, for people who are constantly using their laptop in a "portable" mode, this setup makes it more convenient to detach the computer for transport off-site.So whether this is a blessing or a curse depends on how you use the computer.Also, another reviewer talked about upgrading this computer's memory from 4gb to 8gb by purchasing an additional memory board here on Amazon (about $23) and inserting it yourself.  I did it and it was quite easy.  However, if I had it to do over again, I would purchase the additional memory from Crucial since they offer the same thing for the same price (also shipped free)--plus their website has a foolproof match-up calculator to make sure you're getting the right thing.  Also their website has a very useful discussion (with pictures) on exactly how to mount the new memory board.The memory board purchased from Amazon came in an envelope directly from Taiwan (sorta like an Ebay deal) with no assurance that it would work in my machine; and I did feel that twinge of doubt, like I was taking a gamble and this wasn't a real smart move.  As it turned out, no problem.NOTE: When you go to mount the board, after you have detached the power cord and removed the battery and flipped the computer upside-down, you will see two different panels which can be removed.  You want to remove the SMALLER of the two panels.  Remove the two small Phillips-head screws which you can see.  Remove the screws completely; and then you can slide the panel toward the front of the machine and lift it off.  If it sticks and doesn't want to slide, just jiggle it a little until you can insert a fingernail between the panel you loosened and the other panel (that you didn't loosen).  Then you will see the empty socket, just waiting for the new board!  Enjoy!Other trivia--The red (actually a rich maroon, with a kind of a carbon-fiber pattern) case is frankly outstandingly beautiful, and I don't usually pay attention to stuff like that, so trust me it's very nice.  Also the "delete" key (which I use a LOT) is buried anonymously among a hundred other keys--NOT easy to find, except that I noticed it is directly above the right edge of the backspace key, which is large and conspicuous.Also--I am a Linux Ubuntu user, and the Ubuntu operating system loaded onto this machine seamlessly, and all the drivers for externals seem to work fine.  I hated to pay for Windows7 which I won't even use, but the price of this machine WITH useless (to me) Windows7 is still significantly less expensive than a comparable dedicated Ubuntu machine.