As I type this review on my new Asus G750JH-DB71 I can only smile.  This is one bad boy notebook.  While serious spec folks will scoff, it has a 7.9 Windows experience rating that means this laptop is at the top of the heap - for desktops.  I am not a professional reviewer, just a hard core PC gamer, so bear with me. First off, the build quality has "Excellence" written all over it.  It has the quality feel you would expect for a notebook of this caliber. No excuses, no compromise, just high quality.  The specs are uber-impressive.  All the ram you need, quad core badness and the best video card ever put in a laptop.Gaming: All settings on high, frame rates of about 100 on the FPS games I play.Heat: Incredibly good cooling through giant vents and you can just barely hear the fans kick on when they do.Specs:  Impressive for a gaming desktop, otherworldly for a gaming laptop.Style: While I loved the orange and black paintjob on my old Asus G50-A1, this understated looking laptop won't pop as many eyes when you cart it into the coffee shop, but it is much classier.Sound: This is important!  The sound is the best I've EVER heard from laptop speakers.  I've been used to carrying external speakers with me for movies, but that is no longer necessary. You can watch a movie and have incredibly loud sound with the built in speakers.  The subwoofer is nice too.Screen:  Very nice.  Clear, responsive and no dead pixels or other issues.  Awesome.Downsides:  Windows 8. I installed a program called "start is back" on the pc and it looks just like Windows 7 while still keeping the Windows 8 features intact (if you're into that sort of thing).  Only 4 USB ports. Come on laptop manufacturers, how about 6-8 USB ports?  Everyone needs them you know.  Battery life, but who cares?  You can run this thing for about 3 hours unplugged which is pretty good for all the hardware you have packed in.Yeah, this laptop is a little pricey, but for a Gaming Desktop Replacement it's right on the money. LOTS of extra features on this laptop compared to the less expensive models, which your average PC Gamer is going to LOVE!  From the Killer Wireless to the Blu-ray burner to the twin SSD's running in raid and way more.  Boots from cold in 24 seconds and resumes in 2 seconds.  I can't imagine being without this beast - and I'm incredibly glad I bought it.Edit 2/18/2014:  The battery died after the first month and will not charge.  I have contacted Asus support and the tech support person Gloria Yu told me to take it to Best Buy for warranty work.  Best Buy has no idea what she is talking about...they don't do Asus warranty work.  Gloria says I should send the notebook in to them.  Riiight.  It's a battery on a brand new laptop and I'm not sending it to anyone.  Just send me a battery.  "Oh, well here are some forms to fill out and give us your credit card information and we will send you a battery".  I filled out the forms they sent me and a month later I am still waiting for a laptop battery.  I have called their so called "tech support" several times and they can't seem to help.  "Just keep re-submitting the same forms, sir".  Asus, you don't have any business being as big as you are if this is your idea of customer service.  I imagine another company will take their place because this is not the first ill-built Asus product in my home and with customer service like this?  I'd just as soon have Asus for an enemy as a vendor.