I am a long time PC Windows user, and this is the first time purchasing a Mac.  I bought this laptop to replace my aging Asus U6 laptop running Windows Vista.  I decided on the Macbook Air because I also own an iPhone and iPad, and wanted to own a Mac notebook to complement my i-devices, and fully move over to the Mac ecosystem.  I'm going to review the MacBook Air in several aspects and then provide an overall review.Build Quality: 10/10. Extremely well built, and doesn't feel flimsy at all despite the thin and light design.  Coming from a Asus laptop that was 4.6lbs, this one feels light as a feather.  There are essentially changes to the build design compared to the 2011 and 2012 models.  The one physical feature that is different are the dual stereo mics versus the single mic, which noticeably improved background noise cancelling during calls, and helps improve the accuracy of the dictation feature.Power: 8/10. The 2013 Macbook Air packs the latest Haswell processors from Intel which promises improved graphics and better power management (more details in battery life review). This is the perfect laptop I've wanted for everyday use. If you are looking for video editing intense gaming, I believe the MacBook Pro would be more suitable.  For everyday use such as web browsing, Office computing and video chatting, the Air is great.Battery Life: 10/10.  This is the key feature that convinced me to finally upgrade my existing laptop.  The new MacBook Air boasts up to 9 hours of battery life, up from 5 hours in the 2012 models.  After using the MacBook Air for a day, it has certainly delivered on the promise!  My old Asus laptop only lasted 2 hours at max, so I am definitely very happy about the longer battery life.Screen: 8/10.  With the release of the Retina MacBook Pros, I can't rate this a solid 10/10, even though to me the screen looks perfectly fine.  The viewing angles are incredible.  I find myself having to adjust the lid much more infrequently compared to my old Asus laptop.Sound: 8/10. When the volume is maxed, I felt that the sound was adequate.  A cool design feature is that the speakers are actually underneath the keyboard, yet the speakers are still very impressively loud and clear sounding.Expansion: 4/10. Both RAM and hard drive are not user replaceable.  Make sure you choose the desired configuration for the RAM and SSD at the time of purchase!  My rationale for choosing the 4GB RAM and 128GB configuration is that 4GB is sufficient for everyday usage (not video editing or intense gaming), and I will be using the MacBook Air at home most of the time, so my external hard drive is readily available.Overall: 10/10.  Despite scores that were lower than 10 in some of the individual components, overall I feel that the MacBook Air is the perfect everyday device, and there is no other notebook that better suits my needs.  In terms of build design, battery life, portability, this notebook delivers.  The transition from PC to Mac may be a bit tough in the beginning (day one as of this review) but I am looking forward to learning all about the Mac!