WE (My wife and I) tried the I5 version of this Ultrabook, model CT15-A1, and they are virtually the same.. same GOOD things and SAME NEgative things wrong with it.But when it comes to laptops and Notebooks, my Wife and I have different requirements in Laptops - You may be the same, SO READ ON.I spent almost $2000 on my laptop, last year... the ASUS G74SX.... It has the same display (1980x1020) paired with a Nvidia Graphics card GTX-560.... and you can't help but love these Screens - and I use my computers for VIDEO work. My wife loves my laptop for the Screen resolution 1920x1080 (1080p).... but she hates it for how heavy it is and how short the battery life is..She uses her computer for computer programming and shopping on the WEB....  AMAZON, ZAPPO's (Shoes), KNITTING RAVELRY, etc.  - So for her, NO real CPU horsepower required... just GREAT graphics and long BATTERY Life, and above all... PORTABILITY with Light Weight.Mine (Asus G74SX) weights almost 8 lbs.. so it's no Easy to carry laptop.... but this little VISIO (CT15-A1 or A2)... is SO light - you could literally lift it with one finger and fling it across the room  just as easily... despite the fact that it's case is built entirely out of Aluminum (So is mine, but I digress)Unfortunately, they also used the SAME mousepad/touchpad that I have in my laptop in these little VIZIO's. It's made by Sentilec and it's a real nightmare to use. Supposedly, when it works - it understands GESTURES, like an ipad or iphone... but most of the time, it won't even recognize your finger movements.. or worse, it grossly ignores or GREATLY exaggerates what finger movements you made. The result is that it stops tracking your fingers, unexpectedly... or it sends your mouse cursor over to the other side of the screen.... or sometimes it just acts as if your mouse is having epilyptic fits. I've never seen a mouse cursor "dance" around itself, like I have with this mousepad. Expect to use a wireless mouse if you buy this model or any VIZIO CT15 model (they all use the same Keyboard and Trackpad)....  or replace the mousepad with a Synaptic model down the road... but NEVER, Ever leave your mouse at home or you'll want to fling this laptop into the nearest wall if you have to use the Trackpad (mousepad), even for a minute or 4 hours (the life of this laptop on Batteries).And it's a shame, really... it's a great little laptop and I've seen it at a local Sams Club for $899 (I5 version)... and similar priced as Amazon, for the I7 (CT15-A2).  But wife liked it for having the same display resolution as mine (1980x1020) and it is a BEAUTIFUL Display.... and a great little Ultrabook if you can get yourself around the Keyboard (flat keys, no physical response when typing) and BUY yourself a Wireless MOUSE.And they're SO small and light, your kid can practically hide it inside a 3 Ring LooseLeaf Binder :)... so it fits into any 15" Laptop case... with room to spare. SO THIN, and SO LIGHT you'll forget you even have it in with all those books. If your wife wanted one, she could practically slip it into her purse (if she carries a purse big enough to hold a Text book). A number of women friends we showed it to, liked the look of the laptops' metal case - It's that attractive.Battery Life - If you do a lot of web surfing, you'll love this display as far as battery life is concerned. It lasts around 4 hours. Your mileage will vary, but even PC MAG's review of this laptop got only 4.5 hours. VIZIO claims 6.5 hours... of course, MY laptop manufacturer claims I should get 4 hours from my Asus G74SX, but I rarely get more than 2 hours... but that is a Quad core I-7, with a 17.3" Diagonal screen running at full 1080p resolution - but mine is a different Beast altogether!Nobody likes getting cheated on hours while far away from an AC outlet ... but anyone who's wanted a tablet for portability but wanted a laptop for real Work... you'll want to consider buying one these CT15 models from VIZIO (choose I5 if you do mostly web browsing, like my wife.. or I7 if you do any REAL work while away from home :) They combine a Great Display and Light weight, in a small package... without sacrificing hours of "playing" or Shopping time :)