I purchased the Toshiba Satellite L755 in early December 2011. This is my first laptop. I needed it for a specific project that required portability.I am very happy with this laptop thus far.It performs well, and I have a lot of fun with it as well as working on my project. This is also my first 64 bit computer and my first using Windows 7 (which is very different from other Windows OS's)and I really appreciate the speed, versatility and detail achieved. I love the AMD quad chip set. I think it makes a difference in performance and will be getting this for my new desktop.I hadn't expected to use the wireless feature, but I do use it's convenience quite a bit with presentations, streaming movies and searches.The speakers are adequate, but a bit tinny. I hooked up an exterior set of speakers for streaming movies and will be purchasing a headset and mic combo to use with it. Streaming is a very smooth and satisfying experience. I love that I don't have to purchase and install additional software to watch a DVD, unlike my HP desktop PC, which has a DVD Player and NO Installed Software.My primary problem is the screen seems to scratch easily around the edges; I think from coming into contact with the base when closed. I live in a very dusty, static filled climate. I've been looking for a soft screen protector that I can use on this laptop screen, much like the screen protector I have for my digital camera.The battery life has not been good for me...about 2 hours. But it does charge quickly (about 20 minutes)and my meetings are never long enough to drain the battery. Being unused to laptop batteries, I may not have treated it properly when I began using the machine.The Chassis stays pretty cool and that is a relief. I sometimes use a portable laptop desk with it, but that never seems to get more than a bit warm.I've never cared for the keyboards on laptops so I purchased the Logitech wireless keyboard and mouse Logitech Wireless Desktop MK320 KeyboardLogitech Wireless Mouse M505 (Black) (for use on my PC and laptop) and an extra wireless mouse just for the laptop. These work fine. I also purchased a Display Link USB 2.0 plugable docking station because I wanted to be able to use the Laptop with my DSL hookup and my new ViewSonic 24" monitor (love this)and a printer, but so far I have not been able to get the docking station to work with the Laptop and DSL. It's probably my ignorance at work here.The Toshiba doesn't get hard use or a lot of banging around, so I can't speak to it's toughness. I do have a zippered soft case for it to try to keep the dust down and protect the surfaces.All in all, this was a great buy and I am very happy with my purchase.For folks new to Windows 7 (I started with DOS) I urge you to get a good non-technical manual. I'll be reviewing two of those soon.