I purchased this system for personal use almost a month ago now - and while there have been the occasional odd fluke come up, overall I have been very pleased with the unit.A couple of reasons I'm going with a 4-star instead of a 5-star overall review:When docked and installing programs, you still have to specify for the files to go to the 500GB D: drive - the default C: drive is the tablet and if you don't see this initially, you'll end up like I did where all of a sudden you're out of room. Moving most of the files wasn't that big of a deal, fortunately, but it was an added annoyance initially.The on board mousepad is extremely jumpy - it is constantly jumping, even in mid click, to the far outreaches of the screen, usually the bottom left corner where your taskbar is by default - which means you're in the middle of clicking something and all of a sudden files start opening up instead, or you get swapped to the Windows 8 screen randomly because the icon gets clicked instead of the button on the webpage  over which you were hovering when you actually clicked on it.The connection to the internet is a bit weird - I'm listing this last because I'm still unable to figure out if this is an issues with the Unit or something my internet's side. Frequently when I return home with this computer, it register's the WiFi, but insists that I have the wrong product key (even though I can see it and know that the passcode is correct). It will do this for several minutes and refuse to connect to the internet, then all of a sudden it will be fine and just hook up. I know some others have had hook-up issues as well, which is part of the reason that I'm unsure if it's the computer or my WiFi. Either way, time seems to fix the issue.So those are my only complaints: Watch your storage (default is Tablet even when docked), flukey mousepad, occasionally malcontent internet connectionEven with those 3 items, I'm highly satisfied and very pleased with my purchase. This system has been great. Solid, durable. Perfect for my uses both at home and on the run. League of Legends runs fine. It Streams like a champ. The audio is pretty solid especially for a machine of its size. Color is vivid. System is solidly designed and quick. A very solid purchase.I've got 3 kids under 4yrs old. One of them knocked the computer off a side table onto the floor (about a 3 foot drop) within the first week of it getting here and you'd never know it was knocked down. Great job Asus! One of the selling points to me was the Drop and Water Damage insurance package as well, fortunately I've not had to use it so far and I hope to never have to - but the fact that it was available is great, the durability it's already shown is even better.