I purchased a new MacBook Pro 2011 model February 2012. Every day I had this computer, something failed on it. The most-common failure is the computer failed to sync with my other apple products. Every time I attempted to sync the laptop, it would fail the first couple of times.The second most-common problem is that the computer would hang, most of the time while I was doing work on it. Once it even hung while attempting to draw the login box just after power up.The third most-common problem is that the bottom of the laptop would get so hot, that I could not touch it without burning my hands or legs. I am hoping that the laptop does not start a fire in my home when I am away from the laptop and it is transcoding my video files.The fourth most-common problem is that the laptop screen would just go black for 3 to 30 minutes before I am able to power on my system.The Fifth most-common problem with the laptop is that the laptop is not holding a charge. I could have a full charge and unplug it from the adapter and within one hour my battery would be going dead.I initially took my laptop to the Apple Store in South dale Mall sometime in July or August 2012. The tech ran some diagnostics on the laptop and reported to me that the logic board needed to be replaced. My system was held at the store for about two days.In November 2012 I took my laptop back to the Southdall Mall because I was experiencing the same issues and at that time I talked with three different techs for about two hours. The technition reset the SMC and parametric memory. They also re-install the OS X operating system from the delivery DVD. None of the attempted repairs worked.I have taken my laptop to the Apple store in the Lenox Square Mall multiple of times for this issue and they to has failed to resolve my issue and has failed to log that I have brought my laptop in for service. This store representative is rude and I am not happy with the condescending attitude that Apple employees via store and phone has given me.Having paid for a brand new laptop, I am quite unhappy with the sequence of events that left me with a refurbished laptop. I feel that I am owed a substantial compensation. The "new" laptop that I purchased turned out to be such a lemon. I also feel that I was sold a faulty unit and I have endured frustration for months.I thought I was purchasing a premium laptop, I feel that I have been cheated and not provided with what I paid for. Because of all the trouble that I have encountered since I received this laptop, I could have purchased a PC at a cheaper cost and could have had multiple of systems for the price I paid for this Mac Pro.The Apple Care Product Repair Summary talks about ensuring "the highest level of quality and reliability." That is certainly NOT what I have experienced. My confidence in Apple products has been greatly degraded because of this experience. Can you apple still want to attempt to troubleshoot my computer after a year?