I have edited this review multiple times out of a sense of fairness. After all, things go wrong sometimes. A single piece of faulty hardware does not implicate an entire line. But terrible warranty repair? Multiple times? A driver issue that many customers have and Asus cannot or will not fix? I am so angry at this point that I am opening a case with the BBB. Asus has gone beyond bad service into actually damaging whatever value is left in my laptop. I shall spend the semester saving money to buy a brand new $1000+ laptop I can ill-afford just to replace this utter piece of crap.Straight of the box, the NS7SF is pretty awesome. The only complaint I had was the touchpad, which had buttons chosen for aesthetics without regard for how much pressure is required to use them. But the screen was brilliantly vivid; whites were bright enough to require a lowering of the brightness and blacks were pitch-black even at the highest brightness settings. The videocard ran modern games like Left 4 Dead 2 on high settings without overheating. And the sound was fantastic, even without the sub-woofer. A friend of mine walked into my living room and thought I was playing music from my tv instead of the N75SF. There really wasn't anything I wasn't satisfied with aside from the touchpad. Even the case seemed sturdy; unlike my previous laptop, the back of the LCD panel didn't bend inward if I happened to place something on top of it.This lasted until the USB ports started having issues with a half-dozen different devices. Code 10 error after using them once and then plugging them back in later. The only way to fix it was to restart the entire system. Kind of a pain if you are multi-tasking and just need to do one small thing on a USB device. I tried multiple factory resets without any change. Eventually, I RMA'ed it. But this was only after the power-harness became so loose I had to fight with the jack to get it to charge. This all by April, and I bought the laptop in October.So, Asus pays for the shipping to/from the RMA center and are pretty quick about it, too. Maybe two weeks, including shipping time. But when I get it, I find out that the harness is still slightly loose, though not nearly as bad; I suspect I will run into the exact same power issue within six months, however. The motherboard was replaced, but didn't fix the USB issues (meaning it was a driver issue that Asus *somehow* was unaware of up until then). They also replaced a speaker somewhere because I was having issues with the sound disappearing, but there's no telling if it was hardware or driver.Finally, they replaced the LCD screen. This was neither desired nor requested by me. They saw some problems with the screen (a few small bright spots that had never bothered me because they were only visible against extremely light backgrounds). That, initially, seemed quite lovely. They saw a problem and took proactive action, right? Wrong. They replaced the screen with a substandard, non-stock model. This screen was duller than the $300 Compaq screen in my old laptop. It lacked any vividness and whites were not white, but grey. I was furious, but I was busy with moving.Fast forward less than a month, the day before a trip to the city I was moving to, and the LCD screen fails entirely. Would not come on at all. Obviously, Asus is using refurbished parts, regardless of their condition, to satisfy their warranties. So it gets sent in again. I get it back fairly quickly and they've replaced it with a slightly different LCD model, but at least it's somewhat comparable. It's not as bright and reflects like a mirror (unlike the original), but at least it's brighter than the Compaq laptop (unlike the first replacement). But it's also refurbished since it came stock with dead pixels. I also just absolutely love that they managed to break the speaker plate above the keyboard; neither end will stay down now.So, to reiterate, Asus first tried using a sub-standard, non-stock replacement part for an undesired and unrequested repair. When that part failed, they went with a better model (but still refurbished) replacement part, but broke a part of the laptop before sending it back to me. My $1300 was certainly money well spent; multiple reinstallations, multiple RMA's, and at the end of the day, I still have a slightly broken laptop.That said, if the only thing you care about is a very quick warranty service that will get your laptop functioning enough to use (even if only for a little while), Asus is perfect.I give props to their (I suspect foreign) customer service representatives (I contacted them through e-mail). They were always very polite, even when my temper was frayed. But that is absolutely the only positive thing I can say about my experience with Asus.