All my life I have been a Windows & Linux user... using PC's to do everything I need to do. I needed to get an Apple computer so I could develop Apple Apps for iPhones, iPads, and iPod Touch. So, I did lots of research to find the best bang for the buck thinking the only thing I need this device for is to just to make these apps at work. I can't lie though, I knew that Xcode wouldn't be the only thing this laptop was capable of doing. So, when it arrived, I booted it up and immediately tried to familiarize myself with how it operated. I have had almost NO Apple experience in the last 10 years. From my research I learned that there were certain things that were a requirement for my Apple purchase. I MUST have a 64-bit processor to stay up with the times and with Apple phasing things out. I MUST have either Snow Leopard or Mountain Lion. This laptop came with Snow Leopard. From the reviews I read, Snow Leopard is probably the preferred OS for this machine so I think I am going to keep it on here since it's working great.So now that you know my background and primary usage a little bit I will explain to you my thoughts as a technology enthusiast.Cosmetically, I think this laptop is really beautiful. It feels well built, I really like the glowing keys, and the glossy screen has a beautiful display. I am a matte screen lover but hey what can ya do. I have a lot of matte screen laptops, can't hurt to have a glossy one too. The glossy screen certainly isn't and shouldn't be a deal breaker for using or wanting this laptop.The first hour using the laptop I was glued to Safari searching how to do this and how to do that. I was impressed with how responsive this laptop was with every command I threw at it. I think my first session on this laptop lasted around 4 hours, and in that short 4 hours I learned how to download software, mount and install software, eject the .dmg image file, clean up my storage, understand where files are installed and how they are accessed, manage my Applications, run virtual operating systems with Vmware Fusion, how to emulate windows applications with Wine, and multitask using the many different finger swipe methods available. I like very much that Snow Leopard is an Apple/Unix combo.. what I mean is I love having access to Terminal! I was scared of how quickly I was becoming addicted to the laptop. Two things I'm still not used to about Apple/Snow Leopard but realize I just have to deal with are: No print screen button & moving files is a little weird (unless you memorize the keyboard shortcut). Again, not deal breakers, but as a web designer nothing to me is more useful than the Print Screen button.All in all, this laptop runs extremely smooth, is very fun to use, looks cool when I use it, and is a powerhouse of so many options. Surf the web, create Apple apps, do video editing, do photo editing, create art, chat with friends, do it all! Do it all at the same time! This laptop won't care it'll just keep multitasking. The only time I could feel it slow down a little is when I had 3 virtual operating systems running at the same time (Windows 7, Mountain Lion, and Windows XP) but even then it kept going, it just wasn't reallllly happy that I wanted to do all that at one time hahaDo I recommend this laptop? Yes. It's definitely a pleasurable laptop to use. You will definitely get many great hours of enjoyment out of it. Personally, I still feel more comfortable doing my actual web work and code on a Windows machine, but it's a wonderful thing to have both options at my finger tips. The macbook pro is a GREAT communication device (social media, chat, etc) and internet surfer, now THAT is for sure. And that's just scratching the surface to it's full capabilities.