It's been a good three years with this computer, but recently I was given the warning that my HDD was failing. I've personally never dropped my computer in the 3 years that I've had it so this was quite the surprise to me.Pros: It worked wonders over the three years that I used it. It's crazy fast despite the fact that I had several games downloaded on it (WoW, LoL, Rift, etc.). I keep good care of it and luckily have never ran into any viruses. The Harman/Kardon speakers work fantastic and the keyboard is very well put together. It even has a number pad if you're looking for that sort of thing. I've never had a problem with my connection and more often than not, I am amazed at the power exhibited from this machine. Once it's up and running, it's performance is truly incredible. Most likely, that's all thanks to the powerful processor inside. It's a 640 GB computer with about 582 GB free. Surprisingly, despite all of the huge MMO files I've kept on it over the years, memory has never been an issue. You could literally keep anything on this computer and memory will never cross your mind.Cons: Overheating is a huge issue for me in the summer. My work space can sometimes reach up to 90 degrees. I realize that asking a computer to work properly in such a hot room seems like a bit much, but I know of plenty of other computers that would work perfectly fine in the situation. It's also pretty heavy (10 pounds), but considering the dimensions, I can't imagine portability is your goal if you plan on buying this computer. The plastic exterior is not all too appealing or reassuring if you are afraid that you might drop it. When I put it in my bag it often clicks around because it does not have any lock-shut technology when you put the screen down.The biggest problem of all though is with the HDD. I have no clue how or why I received my HDD/SMART failure message, but after two years and six months, my lap top had finally had it. It took me about 30 minutes to power on my computer after I began to receive this message. After messing around with my BIOS, deleting a majority of programs on my computer changing start up programs that ran, deleting my wallpaper, and defragmenting it I've finally reduced my start up time to about 7 minutes 30 seconds. It used to be only a few seconds. The best way to get around this problem is to just never turn it off and only put it into sleep mode. I assume that buying a new HDD may be a solution to this issue, but I can't be sure. I don't think I will ever buy another computer with HDD again. SSD seems like the way to go if you fear this problem ever happening to you.Despite the long start up time it is still an unbelievably strong computer. I would recommend it in every other field. If I never had this HDD problem, then despite the massive size, I would give this computer a 5/5. It has treated me well over the years, and ran quickly on ever online game I've played and downloaded on it. It's reliable in every other field. I never had any other problems, and if a new HDD can fix it, I greatly recommend you buy one so that you can replace it.