I had been researching laptops for more than a year before I bought this one. After buying my son an ASUS UL50VT for Christmas after extensive research, I was hooked on ASUS. Good reviews, nice design, good performance. My laptop needs are viewing movies and shows, heavy surfing, downloading and burning, playing music, and light gaming. This is perfect for my needs.The first thing I noticed about this one is the keyboard; it is a 'chiclet design' with wider caps which make it extremely comfortable for typing. A lot less errors on my part. The ELAN touchpad (smartpad) is super. For the last year, I have borrowed a friend's ACER and his touchpad drives me crazy. It zooms, the cursor moves and jumps about all the time, frustrating me to no end; I finally had to disable it completely. With this computer, palm detection notes the difference between the palm and a finger so that the cursor doesn't jump around while typing. You can also do pinch and zoom. The large palm rest area is supercomfortable as well and minimizes smudges, unlike the rubbery type ones you see which I hate.I like the Power4Gear which allows you to select your desired processor mode to conserve battery life and have fan power adjusted. Very handy. The Intel I3 Core is more than enough for my needs, lightening fast, and the NVIDEA GEFORCE 310M graphics is excellent for the light gaming that I do.The sunken hinges enhance viewing by providing a wider more comfortable and less distracting viewing experience, as well as making the laptop look much more visually appealing and sleek. The sound is great (SRS with ALTEC lansing speakers) for media and music. The computer is really sleek and cool looking and my son prefers it to the design of his.The first thing that I didn't like is the screen brightness; unless I have it on full brightness, I can't see it. It seems to be dimmer than others I have used, even on full brightness, but maybe it's my imagination? I had it side by side my friend's ACER, with the annoying touchpad, and my son's ASUS UL50VT and both of their screens appeared brighter.My major disappointment is the battery life, despite a little sticker on the computer that states 'great battery power' or something like that. With screen brightness mid range and just using it for moderate surfing and office applications, the battery only lasts two hours. I had expected more. Another annoying thing is the frequent disappearance of the power icon in the taskbar; the setting to turn it on in the taskbar is greyed out. After googling some forums, I followed the recommendation, logged off and back on. Bingo, the power icon was back. But since the battery life is a disappointment, I don't want to be fiddling around trying to see the power icon to have notice of when it will die.Conclusion: excellent value. Biggest PRO: other than the speed of I3 (and it is really really fast), it would be the touchpad and keyboard. Biggest CON: battery life.