I would like to preface this review by stating I have never actually been able to use this product.  I have now order two of the Asus Transformer books with windows 8.1.  Both of them have been defective and unable to turn on.  I purchased this product because of the high reviews.  I am sure most of those who received this product and were actually able to turn it on are pleased.I was very excited when I received my first unit.  I carefully removed it from it's packaging and followed the very simple instructions on how to start the Transformer book up for the first time.  The instructions recommend waiting at least 8 hours before using in battery mode.  This was okay as I had it plugged in and wasn't going out any time soon, I just wanted to get the initial setup complete.  However, the only reaction from the device was an orange blinking light.  There was no response from the power button.  Turns out after calling Asus, the orange blinking light is a battery malfunction indicator and the product would have to be sent in for repairs.  I promptly returned it to amazon and had a replacement shipped.Within two days the new Asus Transformer Book had arrived.  Once again I could hardly contain my excitement.  The device looks and feels great, and I couldn't wait to use it!!  Once again I followed the instructions which are very simple. (plug device into keyboard, plug power cord into adapter, plug power cord into tablet, plug into power outlet, turn on)  This time the light remained solid orange!!!  The device was successfully charging and in no time I would begin the initial setup.  I let it charge for a few minutes before attempting to turn it on.  As I pressed the power button I heard a small click.  The next thing I know the power button is recessed into the tablet, and doesn't pop back out and the orange charging light turns off.  The power button was stuck, and the Asus transformer book, much like the first unit I received, is now an expensive paper weight.I was devastated.  I called Asus, and was told the only thing they could do is have me send it to them for repairs, but I should expect to wait for 3 weeks or so.  I am beginning to grow impatient and do not want to wait that long.  I once again file with Amazon for replacement, only this time Amazon is out of stock.I still want the device!!!  I really do, the third time is supposed to be the charm.  I even purchased a nice case for it. However, I want it for the original price I paid for it at $350.00 for the 64 GB unit.  Now it is upwards of $400, and not shipped through Amazon.  I will try to contact Amazon to check if there is anything they can do.Overall I am extremely disappointed with my experience so far, but am willing to give it one more shot.  At $350, if this device can actually do what it says, then the Asus Transformer Book is an amazing deal.  However, I'm beginning to think that this is possibly a deal that is too good to be true...