So I have this computer for over 3 months now, I've seen its capabilities and I'm still impressed.I bought it on black friday for $899,00  best deal ever, now it is over $1kI received it with windows 8 and I had to upgrade to windows 8.1, trust me it take a while, there a a lot of setting that you must do in order to see the upgrade available in the windows store, it is annoying but doable.Alright, after you upgrade your computer to windows 8.1 pay attention: you WILL need to go to acer and download all the upgrades they have for your computer there, I'll tell you why:after the upgrade a couple major things happens:1- The touchpad driver disables the two-finger scrolling2- The Audio driver disables the hdmi audio outthose are the issues that I fixed just downloading and installing the acer softwares available on their website. ( be sure to know which one you are downloading, there are 2 types, only one is compatible to your brand new computer, call them if needed, I did it, ;]  )ok now, why I gave 5 stars?Pros:  AWESOME computer, the fastest I ever seen, I swear, it turns on in 4 seconds, awesome screen, great speed, handles any type of game on high settings, does not heat up, it is silent, it is beautiful, and it saves a lot of power. it has actually 2 video cards.1 video card is the integrated intel 4600, and the other is the geforce gtx760 2gb integrated ddr5. (you will have to chose when to use it, when you right click a program it lets you chose which video card you wanna use with it) ( you ca also change this setting on the nvidia settings)Cons: 1- as the first comment said, there are no lights indicating the caps lock or the num-lock, it is not a big problem, just annoying.2- I don't know what seems to be the problem, but I have a wireless mouse, that is normal and used to be normal when I was using with the computer on windows 8, but once I upgraded to windows 8.1 everytime I plug it on the usb port, I have a blue screen. I tried on all usb ports, I tried plugging it turned on and off, and I still got the same blue screen with the message: kernel_security_check_failure. it only happens to that mouse, I got others that work just fine.3- The keyboard is not that great, maybe a month ago I realized that the space bar was not functioning properly, if I press it too much in the corner and too soft sometimes it does not work, while writing this review it has happened to me about 4 to 5 times... also not a huge deal, but still very annoying.overall this is a great computer, you won't regret. when i was searching for mine I wanted a touchscreen one, that was a must for me until I saw this one. I searched for about 4 months before buying a new computer, read every review I could possible find. There was no other computer that matched this one. for the price and the power, it was the best deal ever. not even touchscreen mattered anymore. (there was no touchscreen computer with a good video card)