First off, this thing is gorgeous.  It truly makes the prototype computer in the category, the MacAir, look frumpy. The feel of the laptop is first rate too; the computer feels very solid and perfect to the touch. Asus did a great job packaging the UX31: it's really nicely boxed with an attractive and functional sleeve, as well as a matching pouch for accessories.  I don't plan on using mine as a presentation laptop, but a direct mini HDMI and VGA port adapter are included.  Two USB ports, one of them USB 3.0, are available.  I think a USB 3.0 port is far more useful at this point than a Thunderbolt connector except in a very few cases (1. You have a Thunderbolt jack on your monitor,  2. You have one of the rare and very overpriced Thunderbolt connectivity external hard drives).The screen is sensational.  If your UX31 is closed, people can't help but notice the sleek design. If it's open, they'll be wowed by the screen.  The 1600 x 900 resolution is class leading, and the brightness is as well.  It's one of the few laptops you can use outside if you want.  Some have complained about the off angle viewing being sub-par.  In normal usage this is not an issue. How often do you use your laptop while looking at the screen from 45 degrees off to the side?  If you are buying a laptop to watch movies with a group of friends, this is probably the wrong computer for you.  But then, any laptop is probably the wrong computer for you.Like all computers with a solid state drive, boot up is amazingly fast.  Also like all thin SSD laptops, storage space is limited compared to a traditional hard drive.  This should be taken into consideration if this is intended as your sole computer.  I bought the 128 GB model, and will use my desktop as the primary storage site for data, photos, videos long term.  I think the UX31 will have enough space for my mobile needs, especially since I'm storing most of my music in the cloud with Google Music these days.Battery life, even with the screen brightness cranked up, is quite good. Charging is also fast with the well designed AC adapter. Unfortunately, in keeping with Asus tradition, the charging pin is small and feels inadequate compared to the rest of the device. The charging light on the plug that attaches to the computer will occasionally blink back and forth between red and green with the slightest of touches, indicating a so-so connection. It gets the job done, but should be better.The touchpad on my unit was initially overly touchy and somewhat erratic, as others have reported.  Asus responded promptly with an update, however, and that has resulted in good functionality for me.  I think most people would not think anything of it, pro or con, compared to other laptops.The facial recognition hardly worked at all when I first got my computer, but Asus has also promptly updated the drivers for that.  Since the update, it works most of the time.  It's a little gimmicky, but I've been having fun with logging on using facial recognition mode instead of a password (you can always use a password instead, of course).I think the biggest potential drawback to the UX31 is the keyboard. It is low profile, as necessitated by the overall design, and the keys can take some adjusting to.  I have found it fine for my purposes, but it could be better. If I was using my laptop primarily for intensive keyboard sessions like typing a PhD dissertation, or the like, I don't think I would recommend this laptop. For most general users, though, I think adaptation to the keyboard will occur fairly quickly. If you're not sure, you should try a test run, but keep in mind that it may take a day or two to totally get used to it.  I find that's true with most mobile keyboards I use.Overall, I love this laptop. The outstanding design and build, stellar screen, and excellent performance greatly outweigh it's shortcomings.  Especially for someone who wants to primarily run Win7, this is THE thin laptop to get right now.  Even Mac users will be seriously reconsidering their commitment to OS X; we have three Macbooks and an HP laptop in the family. My wife uses a Macbook, and has been jealously eyeing my UX31 since it's arrival. I am kind of glad they're in short supply right now--I really like having the coolest laptop in the house.