First time chromebook user here. Bought this product from another vendor because it was out of stock.  Up to this point I have used low end windows laptops. This laptop was surprisingly good compared to them. The screen is awesome. I have to say it again, the screen is awesome because of the large vertical viewing angles. Horizontal viewing angles are important if you are sharing your screen with someone is sitting next to you.  Vertical viewing angles are very very important for the quality of image that you see. I have previously been subject to cheap TN panels on the laptops I have used and these result in poor vertical viewing angles.  A poor vertical viewing angle means that I see the colors shift at the top and bottom of a screen no matter how I position the screen.  This color shift appears as if portions of the image are seen as if they are a photographic negative of the actual image. This laptop has a decent quality IPS panel which doesn't suffer from this problem.  It is fantastic to get accurate color top to bottom, no screen fiddling necessary. You see the screen as it was meant to be seen.  IMHO it's worth sacrificing a faster cpu and more ram for an IPS screen.  It's that good. The keyboard is nice as well.  It is a nice full size keyboard which means I can touch type on it at full speed.  In addition, it has useful keys in place of the function keys that are found on a typical windows keyboard.  For example, there are keys for expanding a browser window to full screen, going forward, backward and reloading a page.  I actually use these while browsing instead of hunting for a icon or menu item.I am a bit of a tinkerer and I like debian and I was able to install debian to run along side chrome os easily.  I booted into developer mode ("esc-refresh-power" and then at the warning screen "cntl-d"), logged into the system using my google credentials, downloaded crouton ([...]), opened a crosh shell (ctrl-alt-t), invoked a bash shell in the crosh shell ("shell") and then used the command "sudo sh -e ~/Downloads/crouton -r wheezy -n debian -t lxde" to install a nice debian lxde chroot. Note that booting into developer mode erases all user data so make sure any important files are saved somewhere else first.  A quick "sudo startlxde" in the bash shell booted the debian chroot.  From within chrome OS a quick cntl-alt-shift-forward (forward at the top of the keyboard, not the lower right) switches me to the debian chroot. Cntl-alt-shift-back switches back to chromeOS from the chroot. The chromeOS and the chroot share the Downloads folder so it is easy to use the same files from each OS environment. From inside this debian chroot I installed abiword, gnumeric, evince, hardinfo, and geany. I plan on checking out the google offline apps to see how they compare to my favorite debian apps.  Search the web for "ubuntu chromebook" and find the article on lifehacker or how-to-geek for more info on crouton, entering developer mode and chroots.UPDATE 3/13/14After a few months of use here are my findings.  Crouton and linux is not a practical solution for this machine or any chromebook for that matter.  First, there is no way to turn off the boot sequence that gives you a choice to go into developer mode.  You are only a space bar push away from the machine erasing any customizations and installations of crouton.  Also by using developer mode you disable one of the most compelling features of chromeos, the verified boot.  Now you could completely remove chromeos but this would require flashing the boot ROM with non-chromeos boot code.  I'm not sure if this particular model has an easy way to turn off the write protection on the boot ROM.  I also don't know if there is a boot ROM image that will work with this particular machine.  So to make a long story short, if you are primarly interested in linux, get a cheap windows machine and install linux.  There are too many comprises using crouton on a chromebook and installing a full blown linux is going to be PITA due to the need to reflash a boot ROM.