This is my second Chromebook having passed down my Samsung 11.6" model from last year to my daughter. I have been a Mac user since 2002 personally and Windows professionally. I did not need to buy another MacBook and I have tried Windows 8 on 3 different budget laptops. The Chromebook I had last year seemed to work best for me when I wanted something other than an iPad to read and respond to email, catch up on social media, casual web surfing, and light writing in Google Docs.When I saw this new Chrombook 11 announced I thought it would be a great upgrade from the Samsung and it is, and it isn't.The design with the Google influence is great. I like the white plastic and rounded edges, much like the white MacBook I had years ago. The keyboard is great. Travel is perfect and it feels solid. The screen is amazing for a device in this price range. It is not a retina display but the blacks are rich, whites are bright, and I can read text easily - which is the most important thing really. Battery life so far seems fine for my needs and the micro USB charger is the perfect size to toss in a bag, I really hate the design of most laptop chargers, just too big to lug around. The track-pad works fine for me, some have said it is not great and it will never be as responsive as the glass on on a new MacBook Air but this is also over $700 cheaper. I am actually using an extra Apple Magic Mouse via Bluetooth and it works fine so far. The speakers are under the keyboard and are some of the best I have ever heard on a device of this size. You will not wake the neighbors but they don't distort and listening to music as I type this is actually a nice experience.The performance is average. I wish Google/HP would have bumped up the processor and memory. The 16GB of storage is fine since you store everything in the cloud anyway but you do see some lag watching videos full screen and web pages sometimes take a little longer to load than expected. I am also surprised the omitted an i/o for an SD card. There are decent, basic photo editors available and you can upload to Google Drive, Google+ or other sites. It's not a deal breaker but since the Samsung had it at a lower price point it should be here as well. Many have complained about USB 2.0 but I never took advantage of the 3.0 on the Samsung so again, not a deal breaker to me.All in all, this is a great buy. Its light, easy to type on, has a great screen, and will work well for my needs. That is the key thing to think about when buying a Chromebook, how it will work for you. If you already are comfortable with Google services and do not need traditional programs like MS Office and Photoshop you should be fine. I have actually started talking family members into Chromebooks when replacing old laptops because they only use them for web and email.HP is releasing another model this month with a 14" screen which will start at $299 and include a better processor but the screen on the Chromebook 11 makes it the one for me.