How I stumbled upon this laptop on accident is a blessing in disguise. I am an avid Apple user, from phones to the iPads to the desktops, our house is full of Apple stuff, so when I set out to find me a "beat-em-up" work computer, I wanted something basic, and didn't want to pay the price for it.Enter in, the Samsung 305. Found this at bestbuy, got a bargain deal on it for $430, and have been in love ever since. I also recently last week traded in my iPhone 4s for a Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. And I will be righting a review on how I should have made the switch sooner, love that thing.So far I have been impressed with the Samsung electronics quality, reliability and overall style. This little notebook is a little powerhouse man...Compared to my last macbook, this thing packs a punch for a crazy price. With the quad-core 1.5GHZ processor, it is on the lower end as far as GHz speed compared to other computers, but those quad-cores back it up very impressively.  The 4GB that you get off the bat is a much welcomed plus! And the great thing with windows computers that I forgot, from not having used a windows in so long, is the updatability, unlock macbooks or macs in general, where you pretty much need a Apple tech to install new stuff, windows, and especially this samsung is very userfriendly when it comes to upgrading hardware.But so far, I don't think I will be needing to tweak this bad boy in a long time. Here's a quick summary of the pros...Pros: Sleek, good looking notebook. Fast processor coupled with decent amount of RAM makes this a multi-tasker on a budget's dream. I've run multiple browsers, office, mail, chat, and even game clients at once with no problems or slow down (also with Kapersky in the background).This thing can even game pretty decently! That is always a downfall of most eco-frienly notebooks. They can do the basics, but when you want to play a game that's beyond a free web-based flash game, they fail. Well man, I installed Steampower just for shizz and giggz, and this thing ran Counter-Strike beautifully, and seamlessly, with no frame freeze ups or anything. Makes me excited to try some other games on it. Granted CS Source is an oldy, but i'm sure some new games out there can run nicely on this thing with a few in-game tweaks for graphics.With a 15.6" Samsung patent amulate screen, this thing shows movies and pictures quite nicely. I had to do some adjusting, because it seemed a little "washed out" at first, but after messing with contrast and stuff, it looked awesome.Cons: really, nothing to say. For this pricepoint, there are really no cons about this thing. The only con I can think of, is that samsung repeatedly likes to venture for normal specs. Most laptops are 15.4" making buying hard shell or packs for them on the go, universal and easy. But because they had to add those .2" its a little more exclusive, and hard to find. But with a little digging, and even on here (Amazon) you can find some cool protective gel's or backpacks for it.In the end, the price on here is a little more than what I got it for, but I would always recommend an Amazon purchase, I recommend this little badboy to anyone that wants a PC based computer on a budget! Just great!