Hi, I just received this new Acer Aspire V7 from Amazon.com. I am typing this review from my new laptop and would like to share the first review. I have owned plenty of other laptops from various manufacturers in the past, including Apple, Toshiba, Asus, Acer, etc. I was drawn to this particular laptop because of the Generation 4 Haswell processor. As of this writing, this is one of the first laptops to offer the Haswell chipset. The keyboard is fairly spacious and the keys are pretty tactile and responsive.I am happy to report that my wifi has been working flawlessly so far. No hangups or dropped connections! The new sony pro 13" and macbook air both have/had their share of wifi problems. I'm glad that this computer is working fine out of the box!The trackpad is probably the only minor downfall (besides windows 8), the track-pad is a little fidgety when it comes to scrolling pages up and down. Otherwise it works decently. I will be purchasing a new Bluetooth mouse anyways, so this wont effect me too much.Pros:Generation 4 Haswell Intel Processor8GB of Ram standard (most still offer 4GB)Less than 1 inch thickUnder 5 lbs7.5 Hour battery life! (I have not had this laptop long enough to verify this. But I will update when I get some more battery only usage).Sleek, clean professional lookBacklit keyboardExcellent price ~815.00 as of this writing.Relatively small power brick and cord. NOT apple magsafe small, but still smaller than other PC laptops. The power brick is about the size of a pack of cigarettes.Super tight and strong hinge. The screen will not budge and is very firm.Loud speakers, (I'm not saying they sound good, but they are loud!)Perfect display, no dead pixels etc.Lots of HDD spaceVery fast for 90% of all computing tasks (not for gaming though)Runs cool and quiet. The bottom of the unit gets warm, but nothing too uncomfortable.Cons:Windows 8 ( I really dislike this OS., I much rather use Mac OS or Win 7)Cheap packaging,Horrible manuals and documentation. Pretty much nothing included.No backup disk of any sortMost of the ports, including power is on the back of the unit! the only ports on the side are 1 USB on each side, 1 headphone and 1 SD slot.Tons of stupid bloatware (useless free software).Crappy low resolution front camera, but its fine if you just want to skype.Tiny power button located on the side. Not a big deal but it could get bumped in a bag or case.I hope my review helps you when making a choice, I took one for the team and ordered this without any prior reviews. Glad its working out so far!++++UPDATE++++The external power button on the side of the unit is not a problem. When the laptop is off and the lid is shut, the power button is inactive. So you don't need to worry about it accidentally turning on while in a laptop case/bag.Unit boots up in about 12 seconds! (from fully off)Wifi still working very well. Strong signal bars, solid connection off of my AT&T; u-verse wireless router.