I bought this in early February. I spent $450 on it, which is a great bargain.  I previously owned an HP dv5-1235dx for $679, and due to a few viruses, I got credit for a brand new laptop with warranty, and bought this one.  This laptop is twice as good as that one, which was very strong for me and I loved it and still love it, and its $230 less.  Part of that is that computers become more bargains as the years pass, and the same price gets you abetter laptop year after year.The 640GB hard drive is more than enough for me.  Currently I have 498 GB free, and roughly 120 used GB memory.  When this computer was purchased, HP had put about 30GB on it of its own software and windows 7 and etc... What I do is download 20 movies, watch them, and erase.  So I do not foresee myself every getting half of this Hard Drive used up. Even if your someone that stores lots of data, 640GD(roughly 600 able to use) is still plenty.  The graphics card is said to be very good but not optimal.  In my opinion from what I can tell, it is very strong and impressive.  The visuals are as good and better than my last laptop, and barring HD TV blu-ray quality, this wil suffice for most users.The 4 core processors allow very high multi-tasking.  I have had about 6-8 programs in the foreground running, and probably 4 or 5 in the background running with VERY minimal slow-down effect.The audio and speakers sound great and pretty powerful for tiny laptop speakers.  The dvd-drive is great, the 3 USB ports are enough for me, the battery life tends to be about 3 to 3.5 hours on average battery power savings(50% screen brightness, etc..).  The webcam is as good as any built-in webcam usually comes.  It has 6months of internet security on it.  The best buy warranty is $270 for 3 years of the full, "black tie", broken, damaged, water damage, vitrus, full warranty that covers literally anything at all.The many HP programs include so many that I wont list them all, there are about 12 or more off the top of my head.  Some are new that I have never seen and still exploring them.  The 17.3 inch screen size is larger than my last 15.6 and the difference is visually much better.  It technically is 1.7inches but it feels like 2" or more difference.  I love it.  I have downloaded 5 or 6 games that are racing, golf, etc and they all play fantastically.  Graphics are great even when there is alot of action on-screen.The mouse pad is my first of this kind.  Instead of the smooth pad, its bumpy and rough in order to detect motion better.  You can only tell this in person, so try it out when you are in-store.  I love the design.The hard drive acceleration allows the processer to speed up when necessary.  When it's not using accelerated mode, the copmuter is fast enough.  When it comes on, there are no issues that it can't handle, seemingly(of course the biggest games and movies and everything playing all at once would be tough, but for any standard use it is great.  I have absolutely no regrets with this computer and I will enjoy having it for the full 3 years of the warranty. I love this computer so much.  Im nota HUGE computer guy, but I love my computers if you know what I mean.  I think this computer is A) reliable, B) powerful, C)smooth and sleek.  If your budget is $500 or less, I would HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this.  You can not be dissatisfied unless you expect $900 range while paying $500.  Other than that, satisfied is what you wil be. Goodluck computer shoppers and I hope I madeyour decision easy..HP is a very reliable product and above all easily my favorite..