I have owned this laptop for about 10 days now and used it both at home and on the road. That being said...The Good:Absolutely beautiful screen displayVery lightweightBattery life (not anywhere near 12 hours though, closer to 7)The Bad:Rude, non-existent Tech SupportHDMI / Graphics switching is buggyBloatware is overwhelmingKeyboard dropped keystrokes (knd of lke ths) when typing at moderate speeds.My problems began when Win Media player would suddenly "pop up" unexpectedly.  I believe this was due to the touch screen being flush w/ the front wrist pad.  Somehow the combination of my keystrokes and inadvertent touchpad entries launched the program.  Solved this by uninstalling media player but shouldn't have had to do this.A journey on Google offered up the suggestion of uninstalling IE8 to solve the keyboard entry lagging and that did seem to help but the jury is still out on that one...As far as the HDMI connection is concerned: One of the reasons I got this particular laptop was for the HDMI port (wanted to watch Netflix on my bedroom TV) so this was perhaps even more upsetting than the keyboard problem and warranted a call to tech support.  Woe to anyone needing to call ASUS tech support.  For my money you are much better off spending a day searching for the answer on Google or dropping the extra bucks if you know a local tech.  My first call ended w/o tech ever picking up and the second, a day later, was answered after about 15 minutes on hold.  Not great but not terrible for tech support waits I guess.  My real problem was with the lack of support and interest I received.  After the requisite "is the laptop turned on...  is the tv turned on..." I was told "It should work."  Well duh! I know it SHOULD work!  The problem is that it DOESN'T!  After 10 minutes of this the tech told me that he had done everything that he could do and it must be my HDMI cable (which I had already informed him worked perfectly w/ my DVD player) or my TV was unsupported.  When I mentioned that it could be any number of other things as well he acidly replied "like WHAT?!".  Um, maybe the HDMI port is bad?  Maybe the driver is corrupted, how about a bad anything else you can think of on the motherboard?  His suggestion?  Wait for a few days and try again!  If I still had a problem I could call back.  Nice eh?Well, now for the good part.  I did get the HDMI to work on my tv.  How?  Google, perseverance on my part and a very informative laptop help site.  The guru there mentioned that the graphics accelerator that ASUS uses in this, along w/ other UL style laptops, is buggy and screws w/ the displays during certain power stages.  So a simple button push, a tweak in the graphics properties, and I got it working (for now at least).OverallVery attractive, fast to boot (win 7), good battery life, and an absolutely gorgeous screen display that is marred by subpar hardware-driver-software interaction, poorly located touchpad and support that does not come anywhere near deserving of the name.If you get this and it works well out of the box you will probably like it a lot.  If you have to call for help - save yourself the trouble and go for a long walk.  Who knows, it may work when you return.