I purchased this system for the dual purpose of gaming on-the-go, as well as having a mobile software development platform. As a college student, having my own system to tote around is far simpler than having to manage files on flash drives, uploading/downloading files, etc. I had been using an ASUS Eee 900 previously, but its processing power and hard drive space were quickly becoming limiting factors. I upgraded to this system at the beginning of October and have been very pleased. Being able to game between classes has been a plus as well.Those who obsess over playing games at the highest resolution with all settings at Ultra will be disappointed, but those people should know better than to be looking in this price range anyways. If you want to game with good framerates at something better than the lowest settings, you'll be pleased with this system. Running WoW, Starcraft II, TF2, BFBC2, and Mass Effect 2 at 1366*768 resolution with medium-to-high settings all produce capped framerates in normal situations and minimal framerate drops in more intense situations.Other notes in a few quick bullet points:PROS:- i7. They're so far ahead of anything else out there right now, buying anything that isn't an i3 or above seems almost like a waste of money.- Save for the lights on either side, fairly non-flashy case. Some might want the looks of the ASUS G-series. I like this as it's less of a target to be stolen and has a more professional look for use in the workplace.- Palm rests below the keyboard are rubberized. No more leaving palm imprints in cheap, coated plastic.- Numpad. Priceless when working in Excel during accounting courses. 0 key is slightly smaller to make room for the arrow keys, but you get used to it.- Does a very good job of keeping the system cool. The bottom of the case on the right side stays completely cool. The left side is slightly warm to the touch, but certainly still cool enough to place on your lap without it becoming uncomfortable. However, be aware of where you sit. If there's someone sitting to your left with their own computer, their mouse hand will get extremely hot as that is where your exhaust vent is.CONS:- Max screen resolution of 1366*768. Not an overly big deal for most productivity applications, but fonts can sometimes get squished in games.- Battery life. Don't expect to be gaming for hours without a power source nearby. Using the power options, turning down screen brightness, shutting off WiFi, and only running essential apps, I can get it to last through 2 hour lectures, but that's pushing it. Playing games unplugged will give you lower framerates than when on AC power, and will drain your battery dry in a matter of 30-40 minutes.- The two lights on the side. They're bright in a dark room, and they blink when the computer is put to sleep. If you're going to be keeping this in a bedroom, plan to shut it down at night.- Touchpad is just barely in position to be in contact with your left palm at homerow position. Non-issue for me, personally, since I shut off the touchpad and plug in a mouse. The Elantech software has a feature to detect and ignore input when it's your palm, but seems to need configuring and I haven't done so due to using a mouse.- Bloatware. You're not gonna find a computer from a manufacturer these days without it, though, so this is no surprise. ASUS's software tends to be more in the "I don't need it" category than the "I don't want it, get it off now" one. Apps to change the background image when the computer boots, automatically download and install drivers, 'more convenient' access to turn WiFi and Bluetooth on/off, etc...All gripes aside, you get what you pay for, and the biggest shortcoming of the screen and battery was something you should come in knowing about. A higher res screen almost always means a bigger screen, which adds more cost and weight. For me, this computer weighed in perfectly on both counts, since it was on sale for ~$800, making it a great buy.Currently, the next model in this series is on sale for $850. Only $50 more for a faster processor and a bigger HD. If only the semester had started two months later! Would certainly make a great holiday gift for any student needing a new system that has a bit of extra power in it. ASUS N61JQ-XV1 16-Inch Versatile Entertainment Laptop (Dark Brown)