I have had this laptop almost 2 months now and absolutely love it.  Based on previous reviews, I immediately updated all the drivers including BIOS updates and the computer worked beautifully.The (sorta) BadI almost returned it because my wireless would turn off every time I shut the lid which I found incredibly annoying.  After doing some research, I resolved to completely reinstall windows 7 premium and not install any of the ASUS special software.  That fixed everything.  The computer boots faster, the wireless doesn't shut itself off and the battery lasts longer.The card reader won't read my SD card from my canon.  I know that the card itself is fine because my husband's HP envy will read it.  The card reader will read other SD card's though, so it could just be because the SD card itself is about 5 years old.The screen can get a pretty bad glare- if anyone has a suggestion to fix this, I would really appreciate it!The GoodI was concerned about 2 main things before I bought this laptop- battery life and the weight.  The battery life is better than I expected- although keep in mind I only use battery life during long seminars and meetings, so I keep the screen dim and am pretty much just using a word processor to keep notes.  The weight was also a pleasant surprise.  Asus seems to somehow balance the weight in the machine as to not make it seem as heavy as it is.  Go to a store near you that sells computers and pick up a few Asus computers as well as comparable weighted machines made by other manufactures and you'll see what I mean.The computer handles very well.  I can have 27 word files open, 5 excel files open, 8 pdfs, itunes running in the background and have a sequence alignment program going with no slowing of speed.Gaming wise, it handled several MMORPG's and RPG's with no trouble, there is another review with better specs on here if that is what you are interested in.  The only issue I ran into was getting the graphics card to switch.  When I first loaded AoC, the lights stayed blue.  I had to right click on it and tell it to use the Nvidia card and after that it always remembered to use the Nvidia (although, this was also before I got rid of all the asus stuff).This is the coolest temperature-wise computer I have ever owned.  The keyboard and palm area stays pretty cool despite whatever processes I am running.The mousepad is AWESOME!!!!!  I came from a macbook so having a multitouch mouse pad with 2 finger scrolling was a must.  The mouse is every bit as responsive as my old computer and much more customizable.The chicklet keyboard is also really awesome.  The keys aren't too loud, they bounce under you fingers nicely and have great spacing if you are used to typing on a laptop.  I love that there is a number pad as well.  I just wish they were backlit.I think that about sums it up.  This computer is pretty frickin' sweet :)