I've owned probably 20 laptops in the past (my wife would probably say that's 17 more than I've needed).  But to be honest, I've not loved any one of them. Each has come with some sort of compromise that kept it from fully meeting my expectations. Lightweight machines have been underpowered; small screens have had low resolution--leaving me yearning to plug into a full size LCD panel whenever I could; machines with fast CPUs burned my lap and had horrible battery life....and so on.The Zenbook UX31A is the first computer I've owned that has everything I want: super light weight, solid build quality, fast performance, beautiful display, decent battery life, high performance SSD and (I am a touch typist) a keyboard with great tactile response. Using the UX31A is like driving a German car: everywhere you look, you notice the level of attention to detail in design, and you just know the designers really cared about the end-user experience and didn't simply set out to meet a specification as cheaply as possible.Asus may have shot themselves in the foot, though: I'm so satisfied, I may not feel the urge to replace this computer for a long, long time.What you'll love:1. The full HD IPS display with matte finish is dreamy.  Maybe you think 1920 x 1080 is too high a resolution for a 13" display?  It's not!  With text set to 125%, text is the "right" size, and the fonts are as smooth as a printed page--I can't see the individual pixels.  The IPS makes for a screen that's readable at any angle--a godsend for me when the person in front leans their seat back in coach!2. The keyboard is much improved from the last version, and has the exact feel of my MacBook (which to me is a good thing).  The backlighting on the keyboard is a nice addition as well.3. Instant on.  After opening the lid, the computer is usable in around 1 second. Amazing.4. The aluminum case is impossibly thin, making it super portable.  Everyone who sees this machine can't believe it's a real, full Windows PC.5. The DC power supply. I'm in love with a DC power supply?  If you travel a lot like I do, then you understand.  This isn't just a generic $2 item Asus sourced from eBay. It's an impossibly tiny power supply that weighs almost nothing and has an 8 foot cord that will reach from any conference room table all the way to a wall outlet.  Yes, it's a small detail, but something I appreciate every time I use it.6. Build quality.  The solid metal case is completely rigid and exudes quality industrial design.  A $1,000 product shouldn't feel like you got it in a box of cereal, and this one doesn't!  Great job, Asus!7. Bang & Olufsen audio.  Remember when choosing a 13" laptop meant you live with a speaker originally designed for a wristwatch?  Those days are over--watching video on this laptop is like watching it on your TV!  Audio is loud, clear and has a full range of sound.  You'll only use your headphones when you don't want to disturb others.8. The included fabric envelope to carry the notebook is so good you'll actually use it!  It's a heavy fabric envelope that I find superb for taking the notebook on short trips to the coffee shop or to a meeting where I only need to take some notes.9. Runs Windows 8 (June Preview edition) perfectly.  I scratch-loaded Windows 8, and while it takes some patience to get all the Windows 7 drivers and utilities installed on Windows 8, everything works beautifully.What you may not love as much:1. There's a downside to making a laptop that's thinner than legacy VGA, Ethernet and HDMI connectors--there's no room for them!! Instead, a Micro-HDMI and Mini-VGA connections are provided along with dongles that adapt to standard sized connectors.  For wired Ethernet, a USB-to-Ethernet adapter is provided. Some ultrabooks are specifically made thicker expressly to include legacy connectors.  For me, that's a little silly...an ultrabook should be as thin as possible!  But if you disagree and don't like the idea of a dongle for making VGA connections, then you may want one of the thicker Ultrabooks instead.2. The Zenbook doesn't have the longest battery life among all Ultrabooks. Maybe the thin case has a smaller battery than others?  You'll probably get 5 hours or so of battery life on continuous usage.  If you need another hour or two, there are ultrabooks can last longer.  For me, I find that with the instant on enabled, I can go all day between charges...I just shut the lid when I'm not using the computer and open it when using it (similar to using an iPad).3. The UX31A, like most Ultrabooks, has 4GB RAM soldered to the motherboard, and no way to upgrade RAM.  I think this is really a shame, since I'd gladly have paid more to get more RAM as an insurance policy against what I might want to use the machine for in the future. However I find 4GB is enough for what I'm doing day-to-day, and I doubt most people using an Ultrabook for business scenarios will find they need more than 4GB RAM with Windows 8.  However if you're editing video, this might not be the right machine for you.Overall, I think Asus took the best Ultrabook and made it even better.  The last version (the "E" model) was, in my mind, the best small Windows notebook on the market...but fell just a little short of the elegant design of the MacBook Air.  This new model, however, has moved the bar up insanely high for other Ultrabooks, and in my mind eliminated any reason why a Windows user would switch to a Mac to get superior hardware designs. I have a MacBook Pro...and this is the first time I can honestly say I like a Windows laptop more than a MacBook!