As of right now, early 2014, this laptop has great specs for its price.  It's a high end laptop that's built really well.  It came with no defects, other than Windows 8 and a very slow harddrive (5400rpm).  The first thing I did after pulling it out of the box was swap in the Samsung MZ-7PD128BW 840 Pro Series 128GB solid state drive.  That drive is about $100 right now, and since this laptop has two easily available harddrive slots, I just kept the 1TB that came with the computer as a spare space for pictures and videos.  I'm pretty sure they just expect everyone to do this swap, because the 5400rpm harddrive stands in stark contrast to all the rest of the specs.I bought this laptop primarily for its spectacular CPU and large 1080p matte screen, and it's great on both fronts.  I was attracted to the heat dissipation going out the back rather than downward into my lap... but as it turns out, this thing runs quite cool most of the time.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that the battery lasts quite long when doing mundane internet / word processing tasks (approx 5 hours).  It's pretty sleek looking and with the SSD drive I installed, it's blazing fast. My one complaint at this moment is that the mouse pad is so large and close to the keyboard that I periodically hit it accidentally, but I'll learn to avoid it.I'll write back if there are any issues or major changes in my conclusion about this being a great buy.[EDIT March 3, 2014]There is currently a sound card or sound card driver issue with this laptop which you can find pretty easily with a google search on this model. It causes "low impedance headphones" (read: regular headphones) to have a slight "buzz" when the sound card is 'active' (that is, in use by some application) and it's currently silent. An example would be listening to speech, since there are often silent delays during speech audio. This issue has not made me regret the purchase, the laptop has been great... but this is definitely something people should know about if audio through headphones is one of their primary activities. I often use this laptop to listen to lectures, and I don't find it particular bothersome. With music, I'm sure it's completely unnoticeable.The other thing is about the SSD drive I mentioned above. Combining that drive with this laptop is just mind-blowing. The computer boots up and gets on the internet about as fast as I can click.. I can open all MS Office applications at once as fast as I can click. I can bring the computer out of hibernation as fast as bringing it out of sleep (instantaneously). For those who intend on using this computer without upgrading the 5400rpm to a SSD - you really should reconsider. The convenience of having zero delay response from this computer is great - with the only downside that I'm now impatient with just about any other computer I use.