My company has used Dell workstations for as long as I have been employed (which is nearing the 10 year mark), but this was my first venture into the world of Dell laptops, so I wasn't sure what to expect from this affordably priced offering. First off, the specs are impressive for such a low-priced laptop. 4 GB's of RAM, 500 GB's of storage, 1.8Ghz processor, and a middle of the line nVidia graphics card is a steal of a deal at the current price Amazon is selling this laptop for. The first thing you'll notice that might make your eyes pop is the shipping weight of 7.8 lbs! Fear not though, I put this laptop on my trusty scale and the results came back as 4.2 lbs (.4 lbs lighter than advertised). I also have a 13.3 Macbook Pro with Retina Display, which weighed in at 3.4 lbs. So if you're looking for a laptop that you'd like to do a lot of traveling with and you can afford paying almost three times as much, you might be better off looking at a Macbook or a Macbook Air. If you can't afford jumping up to the price of an Apple, this laptop will still be very convenient to tote around as it is very slim and sleek.Setting up this laptop was extremely easy, as I was able to immediately connect it to my home WI-FI system. This was my first experience with Windows 8, and I must admit it was a bit jolting, but I was able to get used to it after a while. The next paragraph I'm about to type is by far the most important and useful one to read, so if you're going to ready any paragraph, please read the one below.This computer came with a trial-version of McAfee anti-virus software. That means that you get the software for a trial period, but then you have to pay for it in order to keep getting virus definition updates. Let me save you a lot of time and money, DELETE THIS FROM YOUR COMPUTER AS SOON AS YOU SET IT UP. This sounds extremely backwards, but let me explain. Microsoft has been providing free anti-virus software for Windows users for years via download. The software is called Microsoft Security Essentials, and is superior to all third party virus programs in the way that its free and also that it comes straight from Microsoft, who is always the first company to know when an issue has come up because the issue involves their own software. Companies like McAfee and Norton get their information from Microsoft, so there is always a lag. For Windows 7 and prior, you would need to download Microsoft Security Essentials in order to get the anti-virus protection, but with Windows 8, it is already installed via a beefed up version of Windows Defender that includes Microsoft Security Essentials. The trick is, and this is important, you have to remove any third party anti-virus program before being able to turn on Windows Defender. Microsoft had to do this in order to avoid getting sued by the big anti-virus companies, but make no mistake about it, YOU DO NOT NEED TO PAY FOR ANTI-VIRUS PROTECTION EVER AGAIN. Uninstall whatever was installed to begin with, re-start your computer, and turn on Windows Defender and you will be set. Anti-virus rant over!I've been using this laptop for the past several weeks and could not be happier with it. The screen resolution is impressive, and the built-in webcam works great for Skyping. In the past I have been impressed with Dell for the workstations I've used at my company's office, but now I can appreciate them even more for creating a high quality affordable laptop.