When I first read about the Chromebook being a computer wrapped around a browser, so to speak, I thought it was pretty much a novelty and not much else.  Now that I'm an owner of a Chromebook, I can see a true appeal here for its straightforward functionality as a true web surfing machine that performs very well in that regard, in my opinion.  With that in mind, I'll lay out my observations, thus far, in what I've seen from the Chromebook.Initial boot up - Chromebook booted up in 16 seconds from right out of the box.  Additional setup time was approximately 15 minutes until I was connected to my home Wi-Fi and surfing the internet.  This included reading directions and looking at a few tutorials.  Following this, it has booted up for me in about 10 seconds each time I turn it on and it comes out of sleep mode in 2 seconds.  Nice.Battery Life - on my first initial battery charge, I got about 5 hours and 45 minutes battery time and that was surfing many different web pages, playing a couple of Facebook games and watching sporadic but limited video on a few different applications.  Not bad.Keyboard - nice layout of keys with good spacing and nice response.  There isn't a delete key and function keys above the keyboard are replaced with volume controls, screen brightness adjustments, and keys for web pages such as forward and back between tabs, reload, and a full screen/minimize screen button.Desktop look - application icons are located on the bottom toolbar (called the "launcher") and can be pinned or unpinned from there.  You can also switch between applications by clicking on the icons on the launcher.  Clicking on the apps icon on the launcher populates all your currently saved applications to the desktop and you can choose what to open from there also, if you prefer.Screen display -  images are sharp and bright.  Brightness can be adjusted by keys (above the keyboard) or by clicking the `status' area in the lower right hand corner of the screen.  Here you can adjust the time and date, screen brightness, internet connections, shut down, sign out, lock the device, and access the `settings and help' menu.  Video playback looked really nice when I visited YouTube, Netflix, and HULU.  There wasn't any stuttering or buffering problems anywhere.Sound Quality - I was surprised that the volume was considerably louder than what I was expecting.  I'd read a review somewhere else on the Chromebook stating the sound was terrible.  Naturally I'm pleased that the sound is good on my machine.  It is distinct and generally crisp.  Keep in mind though, for some reason, the volume doesn't even become noticeable until you adjust it to the 75% point.  So, between 75% and 100%, that is your adjustment levels.  A little strange but otherwise fine.  I tried headphones too while using the Google Play Music application and the sound was very nice, in my opinion.Touchpad - the touchpad was responsive and worked well although you have to use two fingers to simulate a right-click and for scrolling.  I'm a fan of wireless mice and if that is your preference, rest assured that when you plug in the USB transmitter for the mouse, it works immediately and problem free on the Chromebook from what I've experienced.  Although I would have preferred it, I haven't found a way to turn off the touchpad while I'm using my wireless mouse.  Luckily, when I type, the touchpad isn't in the way so that there isn't any inadvertent cursor movement.  I had this problem on a previous laptop where I couldn't deactivate the touchpad and it was irritating.Size and weight - the Chromebook is light in my opinion especially compared to a seven pound HP laptop that I also tote around from time to time.  The Chromebook is compact and has a nice appearance and feel to it.As far as the applications go, I like offerings such as Google Play Music (it transferred all my iTunes music over to Google and it is all stored on the cloud server and uses no memory on the Chromebook), Google Docs is a nice alternative to Microsoft Word and has nice features, and the Google Web Store has hundreds of appealing apps to choose from.  You could spend a couple of hours, if you're so inclined, just looking at all there is to offer there.  All the websites I have visited up to this point and applications I have launched have all started in 3 to 5 seconds and the device itself is very fast.Regarding the appeal of a Chromebook when there is no Internet connection, well, that's a tough subject to tackle.  For me, I have a Wi-Fi hotspot on my smartphone so I can get a connection in many different locations but for those that can't, I'm not sure how appealing that will be to have a laptop with possibly really limited functionality at that point.  I can use the Kindle Cloud Reader while offline which is good, and a couple of other things, but not much else and this is why I'll be relying on my HP laptop when I'm not able to use the Chromebook with an internet connection.Lastly, when it comes to the pricetag, I will admit that paying over 500 dollars for a Chromebook, whose large degree of functionality is based primarily on having internet access, can be a questionable expense for many.  Hopefully the price will come down in the future and sooner rather than later.All in all, I am personally pleased with my purchase of the Chromebook, so far, and like what it has to offer.  If a device like this appeals to others out there and is affordable to them, I would certainly recommend the Chromebook to others with that in mind.