Lenovo evidently do not care about customer service, it appears they only care about the sales. I have had a horrible experience dealing with Lenovo's customer service. I dealt with two weeks of wasted time and patience. These are the events with Lenovo that took place over a two week period:I went to the Lenovo website to order and customize a Think-pad X230t convertible, but as I proceeded to customize the item in my cart it was showing as a Think-pad 230. It took talking to four customer reps in India (after 6pm) to try to get an answer as to whether my order in my cart was matching what I wanted. For whatever reason I could not get a definite answer, I then decided to call during normal business hours. Spoke with a rep to get an answer and still could not get a definitive answer.Called the next day and spoke with another rep, got a definitive answer from her, she informed me "yes she can order and customize a Think-pad X230T convertible for me." We proceeded to customize my order. Finally I was going to get the product I wanted, and it was not cheap, especially with the customization. She then told me that she would send me a quote to verify the order before it was processed. I received an email later on that afternoon of the supposed quote and it was a cut and paste of their website, unbelievable!!! I called Lenovo once again, spoke with a rep about the "supposed quote," he informed me that he would contact the sales team to inform them of the error and someone should be calling me later on that day. Needless to say, I did not receive the phone call.Two days later I received an email that my order was being shipped. I then called back to cancel the order and a rep told me it was too late to cancel the order. I would have to receive the item and then call back for a return label. I called the following day and asked to speak to a supervisor. They put me on hold for 15 minutes, after fifteen minutes I hung up. I then redialed and again asked to speak to a supervisor, again I was put on hold for another 20 minutes (they were probably hoping I would get tired of waiting and hung up). When they figured out I was not going to hang up, they hung up on me. I then found a Think-pad S230U at my local Micro-Center. I really wanted try this product out. Once I got it home, unpacked the box, charged the battery, it showed 2hrs of battery time. It stated in the specs that it was an 8 cell lithium battery. There is no way that this battery should be showing 2hours. I spoke with a representative at Micro-Center to let them know I needed an exchange. He informed me that they were out of stock and they will be receiving their next shipment maybe sometime next week. I decided to call their corporate headquarters; well the number bounced me back to the recorded sales robot. I am sending both of these convertible laptops back and Lenovo will not ever have to worry about me spending my money or time with them ever again.