I've been a Thinkpad user for almost 20 years and one of the main reasons for sticking with them is the trackpoint and the placement of the mouse buttons. It makes the laptop very useable while traveling or when getting stuck in a tight space on a plane. However, when they integrated the buttons into the touch pad, it become uncomfortable since you have to apply extra force to click a button.I never like touchpads so I disabled it as soon as I got the laptop. As a side note, if you only disable it in Windows, it only applies to your login, meaning that it becomes enabled when you're at the login screen. So you need to disable touchpad in the BIOS instead.Back to mouse buttons. Now the margin of error increases since 3/4 of the touchpad represents the left button. If you rest your palm while typing, you're going to have a high chance of touching it by accident. It's just not a pleasant experience.Now let's talk about the keyboard, it's still very comfortable to type on. But I don't know who made the decision to change the layout - The caplock key splits into Home and End keys. And the Backspace key splits into a Backspace key and a Delete key. The function keys now become a row of touch-sensitive dynamic keys. This makes the life harder for those of us who rely heavily on the keyboard. e.g. If you want to do Alt-F4 to close a window, you need to make sure that the soft keys are showing the functions keys or you won't have a F4 button to hit. So what about the volume and brightness? Well, it's not there if you're using function keys. It's in another set of soft keys!I got the touch version simply because that's the only way to get the 2560x1440 screen. It's a laptop no matter how you try to convince others otherwise. I'd not want to have smudges on the screen by swiping my fingers on it. But then it doesn't impede how I use my laptop so I'm not going to complain about it.Overall, it's just not a good initial impression.4/29/2014 -Here's an update of how things are going with this laptop after using it for almost 2 months:The good:- Still loving the screen, the weight and the CPU performance.The bad:- Adaptive keyboards just DON'T WORK. They're not responsive and you don't always get the keys you want without cycling through the soft keys. The fact that volume control keys are soft keys means that if you play some video/music that's unexpectedly loud, you might have to scramble to mute it. First you need to check if it's in the soft keys. If not, cycle to the one with volume control and mute it. Besides, volume keys don't work always work for some reason and sometimes you need to click on another window before you can change the volume. Seriously?!?- No alt-printscr. Yes, there's this snipping tool but again it's in one of the soft keys. And yes, there's this Alt-Fn-T shortcut, but it's capturing the whole screen instead of a window.- Touchpad buttons don't work well for trackpoint users. If you're a trackpoint user, your thumb would naturally be resting near the middle button area. If you need to left click, you move your thumb a little bit to the left and click. But since these buttons are all integrated into the touchpad, the accuracy decreases significantly - meaning that you don't always get the button click that you want. I don't know how many times that I wanted a right click and got a left click, or a right click but got a middle button instead.- Backspace/delete keys. I don't mishit these keys now, mainly because I'm making conscious effort to avoid the mistake or I would have deleted something without knowing it. Still totally unacceptable to change the keyboard layout like this.- Caps lock when double-tapping the shift key. I thought it was okay but in reality it's activated unknowingly when I'm organizing a folder of files using shift-right-click.The verdict remains the same. I will NOT buy another Thinkpad with this ridiculous keyboard/trackpad design.