I recently received my G75VW-AS71, which I had researched carefully before buying.  I bought this one because it had way more power than the Best Buy edition, which was cheaper.  However, for 250 dollars more, you get 16 GB of the fasted RAM available for this laptop (1600 Mhz), a faster harddrive, and a FULL HD screen along with much better warranty offers from Asus and Square Trade if you want an extended warranty.  (I got one because my G50Vt-X1's graphics card died after only three years, and had problems long before it died from overheating.)  This laptop allows you to access the fan housing in order to clean out accumulated dust without voiding the warranty.  That is crucial to protecting the graphics card from overheating.  The dual fan assembly was a major reason I bought this laptop.That being said, it is equipped with a pathetic Atheros wireless network card that has an effective range of about 5 feet tops.  After wasting countless hours "configuring" Windows to recognize wireless networks all around me, I finally just unplugged it and carried it to the room with the transmitter and set it down about 3 feet from it -- instant internet access!  No more problems.  If you plan to use an ethernet cable, this laptop will probably be ok, but it cannot connect to wireless networks more than 5 feet away, so keep that in mind before buying.  It is a hardware issue, as many have compained about the Atheros nic card's lack of range.For gaming it does fine, which is what I bought it for.  I am still amazed that the intake air vents are on the bottom of the "laptop" since this guarrantees a constant inflow of lint and dust, or no air inflow at all.  When will they learn?I don't recommend carrying it around, as the weight is significant and just lifting it can damage the CD drive on the left side, which bends when I pick up the laptop.  I put it on a cooling fan platform just so I would not need to grip the laptop when moving it around.  I think this is really the first laptop that is truly a desktop replacement, as it is nearly as big as a desktop itself.  The screen is great!  I really do like it and I like that it can be connected to an even larger screen if need be.I think my sons will enjoy playing games on this laptop, and I do recommend the laminated skin they are offering since the rubber surface is not easy to clean once there is an oily fingerprint on it.  (I think they knew that).  I also recommend a wireless bluetooth mouse instead of using the trackpad, but I do like the positive click of the pad buttons.  The backlit keyboard is a great idea for late night usage when others are asleep.So, for the money, I think this is a pretty good deal.  I am giving it a 4 because of the weak wireless card that will make it difficult or impossible to connect to the internet unless you have your own transmitter nearby.  Since I do not plan to use it for internet surfing, this is not an issue for me, but might be a serious issue for others.UPDATE:  After taking my laptop to the public library, I set it up as far as possible from the wireless transmitter, and it did detect the network and connected to it, but the signal strength was poor.  As I moved it toward the router, it improved, but never reached full signal strength.  It did work fine at the library, but then there were no walls involved.  I think this network card will only work with routers close by, but it does seem to work.  It is not nearly as good as my G50vt-x1 wireless network card, which I am using to write this from home.  (I have no internet set-up here at home).