This review is primarily for Windows users who are deciding whether or not to buy their first MacBook; there won't be a lot of technical detail that more experienced users may need.  = )My situation:  Acer netbook w/Windows 7, months after purchase, begins making the dreaded clicks that are hard drive death throes.  I immediately backed up and went to the campus bookstore for a replacement.  After some research, I (reluctantly) settled on this pricey model.  I would have gone with MacBook Pro and its alumnium body if I could have; I've heard it's soft and dents easily, but may better protect the computer internals in a fall and keep them cooler by transferring heat away from the inside of the machine.  Something to look into if you're very concerned about durablity.If you're a Windows user on the fence about Mac, make the jump over.  It does have a slight learning curve, but that's only because it's different, not complicated.  Everyone's probably sick of hearing it, but Mac's OS really is as intutive as Apple fans insist it is.  There are two features in particular that have convinced me to ditch Windows permanently.-MacBook's Touchpad:  With some easy tweaks, I've found Mac's touchpad to be far easier on my hands than other laptops, or even a regular mouse.  To configure it, go to 'Applications' on the dashboard, 'System Preferences' and 'Touchpad.'  Trying to explain it is actually more complicated than using it.  As an example, mine's set to select with one finger single tap, scroll with two fingers, and right-click with a single tap of two fingers.  You can pretty much set it up so you never need to press down to select or drag files.  Sounds really minor, but if you've got carpal tunnel (I do) it's a pretty big deal.-Intutive Folder Setup:  Finder is Mac's answer to Windows Explorer.  I love the Preview view that splits the window in columns.  In the first is your subfolders, in the second file names, in the third previews with information about the files.  It allows me to see everything sorted in a neat and organized way.  Being a uni student who is not the definition of 'organized', I find this feature particularly helpful.If you've got a friend who owns one of these, see if they'll let you explore for a couple hours.  If not, at least spend some time at your local computer shop trying it out--and take your time.  I think you'll get a better understanding of why they're so much more expensive and whether that's worth it or not to you.Note:  *Buy a case*.  Please buy a case for this thing.  Or make your own.  I'd strongly recommend against putting it in your backpack unprotected.  I've already had two near misses: once I fell on the ice (MacBook in my bag), and once a bottle of soda came open in my backpack.  If I hadn't had my Mac in its case I would have been looking at a ruined computer.  I know if you're a college student you're broke and in a hurry, but no class is worth busting a thousand-dollar machine.I'll perodically update this review as time goes on, mostly for notes on durablity and more detailed notes on performance.  (I expect use this for heavier software in the near future.)  In the meantime, though, I'd really encourage Windows users to give MacBook a chance--I think you'll find it's well worth the jump.