I see several other reviewers have mentioned the technical aspects of this laptop, but things like GBs and RAMs and whatnot go right over my head. I just want something that starts up and loads programs quickly without getting buggy and unstable. This is my first experience with Windows 8, and quite a learning curve, although after downloading an app with hints, I'm soldering on a bit better. Still, I prefer Windows 7, and please note that any comments I make about the operating system and/or the Microsoft programs are directed towards them and not the manufacturer. I leave it up to the individual to decide if a laptop with Windows 8 is a good fit for them or not - although I suspect eventually we'll all have to learn it, like we had to (learn) with all those other operating systems of fading memory.Out of the package, set up was a real breeze. Plug it in (it charged to full capacity fairly quickly), turn on the power button, set up your passwords and what-not. Connecting to WIFI was a snap, but after that you have to let things take their course for all the updates - both Windows and most of the installed programs/tiles. I recommend only updating one app at a time, things really bogged down while all that  downloading was going on. I like the backlit keyboard a lot, I'd find that very handy in a darker setting. I haven't tested the battery to the very end of life before it needs charging, but I've gone several hours before getting a low life warning.This does come with an email program, but I'm unable to use it. It says it's not compatible with POP servers and I've just switched everything over to a new email that is POP only, and I'm not going through that again. I did try the free trial of MS Office, but I can't see myself using it on this unit. I'm from the old school of typing, where you went to class and learned to type at the speed of light, and the keyboard on this laptop doesn't seem to like that kind of typing (same as the Fire, it's all hunt and peck). I find myself slowing down and hitting the keys hard to get my keystrokes to stick. If I wanted to type anything more than a sentence or two in a comment box, I'm still going to turn on the desk top and use Word there. Same for Excel, the program worked fine on the laptop, but I can't fathom trying to work with an accounting based spreadsheet without a ten-key. *shudders*I was able to get my music transferred fairly easily, and have tried it in Amazon's Cloud Player app as well as the Xbox program that comes with the laptop. I ended up liking the installed music program a lot when I figured out I could set it on a sidebar and I get images of the artist playing, plus suggestions for other titles to listen to. The speakers sound a bit tinny, but much improved after I plug into it with some earbuds/headphone.I'm not a huge gamer, but I have downloaded some solitaire programs and a Mahjong app from Microsoft - the latter being a bit on the *twee* side for my tastes, I much prefer the 247 Mahjong app on my Fire. I like the MS solitaire program a lot, and the graphics are great on the laptop, but the ads that come with the free app are annoying as you-know-what, plus it frosts me that I'm asked to sign into a Microsoft account to play a game of solitaire (I just click don't sign in and then play).Back to the programs/tiles, I haven't tried them all (don't Skype, Twitter, etc.). You can click onto IE explorer from the desk top, but I really dislike the way that app works. If you like the old-fashioned IE experience, go to the desk top (there's a tile to click to take you there), and you'll find the blue "e" button at the bottom task bar. I've also downloaded Chrome and have been using that as well. YMMV. I did find a very helpful tutorial for Windows 8, and I will post a link to it in the comment field.I haven't shopped laptops and prices much, but this appears to be an excellent value in its price range, and one I'd recommend if Windows 8 is a good fit - those not open to change and learning new things might not find this the best fit, but I'm having a good time getting to learn a thing or two. Plus kitty likes to be a lap kitty and she hates it when I'm at the desk top for too long, like I am now.Final note:  I did have trouble on a couple of occasions getting this laptop to power on, just got the Acer screen and then nothing, but I haven't had this problem again, so fingers crossed it was just something I did.