I had a whole host of issues with this product:1. Light kept changing brightness every few seconds without my doing anything2. Sound didn't work3. Mouse cursor was constantly flickering4. Touch screen didn't work5. It would take forever for the screen orientation to change when computer was rotated6. A program would be exited spontaneously without my doing anything.I sent my computer in for repairs after speaking with a few technical support people.A week later, they returned my computer, with a replaced motherboard.All issues but (3) above were addressed by that replacement.However, after that, I started having another issue: I would get a message, every five minutes, saying that the Windows needs to be activated and that the serial number that was in there was invalid.I started calling Tech Support again, and spoke with a bunch of different representatives, none of whom knew what to do. Eventually, after wasting hours and hours of my time, I demanded to speak with a manager, who suggested that it would be most wise for me to either get a refund for the computer or get a replacement, and promised to escalate my case to the appropriate individuals.In a couple days, I got a phone call from another manager, who repeated what the first manager said, and asked whether I would prefer a refund or a replacement. At that point, I said that a refund would be best, because I had no desire to deal with their customer service anymore. He said that he would forward my case to the top tier manager who would send me all the information that would be required to get the refund processed.The next day, I received a phone call from the top tier manager, Kelly, as promised. She left me a voicemail, the content of which can be summarized as follows: "I don't understand the issue, you should not be having this issue, and for that reason, we're not going to replace the computer or refund your money". I received the voicemail a couple hours before catching a plane to go on a business trip abroad for several weeks. After I called her back, she repeated all of this, completely contradicting everything her fellow representatives had told me earlier. I demanded to speak to her manager, to which she said: "if you want to proceed, you will have to deal with me; otherwise, I will close the case". The conversation got heated; Kelly was obnoxiously rude and unprofessional, and probably the most inappropriate person to work in Customer Relations Management, which was her department. I had to run catch my plane, so decided that I would call back once I'm back in the country.When I called back, I spoke with a technician who told me that my case had been closed. Thankfully, that technician had been quite helpful and offered me to send back the computer to have it looked at again. It's not quite a refund or a replacement, but I will take what I can get from this horrendous company.I will never buy a Lenovo again neither for personal nor for business use. I can't deal with defective products, technicians who are (despite being friendly) largely unhelpful, and customer relations managers who are beyond unprofessional. And I hope that Lenovo reevaluates having people like Kelly on their team, because if the likes of her manage customer relations, they will soon run out of customers.