I'm a mid 30s adult returning to college.  I have a gaming desktop but wanted something I could carry around and do school work on as well.  I bought the $250 Samsung Chromebook.  While I love the idea of the chromebook, it didn't fit all my needs.  I still prefer MS Word over Google Docs.  I could have used Libre Office in Dev mode or Office 365 for a monthly fee.  I didn't want either of those options.  I also wanted to play some of my lower end Steam Games which was impossible on the Chromebook. Any school software that requires an install also won't work, but I knew that beforehand.  Luckily, I didn't have any of those problems.I had some minor surgery this past week and decided to try out the T100 while confined to the bed. Turns out I really love it, and I have decided to use it as a replacement for my school laptop/tablet.  I'll try to point out some Pros and Cons below.  Let me start by saying that out of the box I did a full charge, which took several hours.  Initially I just installed Google Chrome and Google Drive along with uninstalling Asus's online storage backup software.  Perhaps something didn't play right, but I had plenty of problems with downloading any Windows Store apps after that.  They would hang in pending status.  I did research and tried several online suggestions. I finally reset the PC and decided not to uninstall the Asus bloatware.  Second go round everything was smooth.Pros:*Free Dock - Some people complain about the quality or small size.  I tried to lightly bend the dock and it would not give.  I saw online videos of people who had docks with a slight give.  Mine did not at all.  Maybe I got lucky or I got a batch with better quality, no idea.  All I know is my dock is sturdy.  It took me less than 30 minutes to get used to typing on it.  I also have pretty small hands for a guy, so maybe that helped.  So far I haven't had any trackpad issues either.  It is hard to press it down, but then again I don't use that function.  I just use tap gestures and it works for me.*Windows 8.1 - I can install Steam and play Civ5, Torchlight 2, FTL, and several other simpler games without issues.  This is a nice bonus for a small machine that isn't meant to be a gaming beast. (On a side note, WS has several great games...Halo Spartan Assault, Game Dev Tycoon, 4 Elements II, Radiant Defense, Gunpowder and many more.)*MS Office - This is a big deal.  Originally only the RT devices came with office.  Now this 8.1 tablet/laptop has full Home/Student office.  Can't get much better than that, $140 software value.*Overall build quality - It's not a 5 star quality build, but is great for the price.  The back is sturdy, no bending or flexing on my device.  I know some had said their version had flex but mine does not.  It feels solid.Cons:*Keyboard - Even though I listed the dock as a positive the actual keyboard is not as nice as my cheaper Chromebook.  The build quality was good for me, just typing wasn't as nice as the Chromebook chiclet keyboard.*Smudge city - This thing is a finger print magnet.  I wish the back would have been matte.*4-5hr charge time - The included cable is tiny.  You'll want to purchase at least a 5 foot cable and charger separate.  It's ridiculous they even include such a joke of a charging cable.  I wish this thing charged as fast as the Surface tablets 1.5-2 hr full charge, but sadly you'll have to do a full charge over night.Conclusion:For a student or someone wanting a tablet that can serve as a cheap functioning laptop, then I think this is a great choice.  I've had no stuttering in games or videos that I've played.  You get full MS Office.  I would encourage you to buy a better charger and a 64gb sim card.  Install your Steam client or any other windows software to the sim card.  Whatever you install off the Windows Store will use the SSD.  So don't waste SSD drive space on stuff you can put programs you can install on a sim card.