I bought this laptop for the IPS display, even though it's a high-gloss finish.  I couldnt find any matte finish IPS laptops.  I was hesitant to make the purchase due to some of the negative reviews here, but I went ahead anyway since overall the machine had the stuff I wanted in a laptop.The laptop arrived in perfect condition, I turned it on and initialized everything perfectly, and have had absolutely NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  It seems to be a great machine and I'm very happy with it.EDIT 7/4/2012:  After reading some more recent reviews, I'm thinking I'm lucky to get one of the good builds of this laptop, lol.  One thing that I did do once I initialized the laptop, was to go to HP's drivers and update sites and downloaded every update that was available.  It took awhile (less than 1 hour) but I ran all of those updates and I've had no software or OS problems thus far.The build quality is excellent, no dents or popping screens.  It is a little difficult to insert the USB plug on the right side, but a little push and wiggle and in it goes.  My only real complaint would be the positioning of the multi-gesture pad. It is not centered with the QWERTY keyboard layout, so my right thumb/palm bumps the pad as I'm typing sometimes and causes pages to jump around, etc.  There is a quick disable if you tap the upper-left part of the pad (where the "touchpad" icon is).  I've acclimated to it mostly, so I simply lift my right hand more to type successfully without disabling the pad. The multi-gesture works just fine. Sometimes i need to try again when I "click" something because either it didn't register the first time or I didnt do it hard enough.  The "left-click" and "right-click" have been working fine.  I also use a wireless mouse occasionally, so it's easy to just disable the pad in that case.I finally watched a couple of dvds w/ my girlfriend last weekend and the video quality was great. No lags or stutters whatsoever. The red/orange issue has been forgotten in my mind.  I don't even notice it.  But the one thing that stood out was the sound.  The speakers sounded just fine for web videos and such, but when playing the dvd, the sound was amazing.  I chose the movie option (i think thats what its called) in the Beats audio menu (push down on the volume knob and choose "listening experience").  The sound was great.  Voices were clear and loud, and sound effects were perfectly mixed in.  We were both commenting on the quality of the sound during movies.Once again, I'm glad I got one of the good builds!EDIT:  8/4/12Not even 2 months and the DVD drive failed.Of course it fails while we are traveling and attempting to watch movies while on a 10 hour train ride to Montreal.My primary source of entertainment for the kids on a long trip and the thing fails.So much for my decent review.  Not happy.