my opinion f.w.i.w.,first, you need to understand that i'm reviewing the machine...not the software. i see countless reviews that put down the machine because of o.s. problems... i run this machine with linux mint 13 (i'll throw up a screenshot), so i don't know what kind of experience you win users will go through.i bought my machine elsewhere (less money), but i can still give you a rundown about how i feel about it.i got mine in the mail the other day and i immediately tore it down for a cleaning and to put fresh cpu paste on and oil the fan. i had this machine pretty much bare framed (i do this with most of my used lappys), and i wasn't super impressed with the build.-it is mostly metal. that can be either good or bad...plastic can flex a bit where metal stays bent if it gets knocked hard enough. i'm pretty gentle with my machines, but you can factor this in yourself.-the early builds of this machine had a problem with the lid latch not staying locked. it's fixable but not very easy because you have to pretty much tear the whole machine apart to fix it. even when it's working right i don't care for it because when it's on your lap you have to jab the button in instead of sliding it and this requires tilting the machine kind of awkwardly. small gripe.-the way the cables connect to the motherboard seem kind of cheap-ish compared to the thinkpad t400 (competitor at the time) that i just built. this one has ribbons where the t-pad has more stout plugs... it may or may not affect performance or longevity, but i don't really like it. this is supposed to be hp's flagship machine.-i love the display. it's nice and bright and even and crisp. very well done. also, the hinges are nice and tight...almost too tight. i don't get the feeling that they will get sloppy anytime soon. they also look cool.-the volume control and wifi switch are touch sensitive (above the keyboard) and this has lead to a bit of confusion (more with the wifi switch) with some folks. it's not just a light, it's also a switch (can be disabled in bios).i really prefer hard buttons. another small gripe.-i love the keyboard, even though some of the keys are hard to get used to (delete, page up, dwn). it's a nice feeling keyboard. very quiet, firm, and springy. as good or better than t-pads, in my opinion. very nice.-mine does have a night light, but you have to reach up to the top of the display to turn it on-off. no biggie, it works pretty good and gives off just enough light. i have found that back lit key boards can be distracting, so i like this.- the sata speeds are great. i have a ssd drive in this and my read speed averages around 265 Mb/s with a seek time of .02ms. good honest sata2 speeds and i haven't had any hard drive issues with it.-after i cleaned the fan/heatsink and re-pasted (plain old artic5), this machine runs nice and cool. after running the cpu at 100% for quite a while, the temp stayed at around 50-55c. very nice. btw, mine has the 2.40ghz cpu. also, the fan is very quiet.-i don't really like the fact that this machine uses ddr2 ram. in my opinion they should have upped to ddr3 for a little better speed and some future-proofing. still a snappy machine, though. mine has 4gb, which is waaaayy more than enough for linux.-i alway shut off the touchpad (i'm a mouse guy), but from what i've seen so far, this one is nice. it's also tapable. the keyboard pointer works good, too.-i have to nail the power button on wake from suspend- it doesn't automatically wake when opened...which is fine.-i like the blue l.e.d.'s.in the end, if i was trying to decide between used machines (there will be a ton of these coming off-lease soon), i would be swayed toward a thinkpad--or a dell e-series latitude, knowing what i now know about them. between the t-pad t400 and this machine, i have had both torn down to almost nothing and i have run the exact same o.s. on both, and while i love the looks of the hp, in the end i am swayed my the thinkpad, but only in small elements of build quality. remember that this is what i'm pretty sure to be hp's big bad top of the line business machine and if the original price was lower, i would have looked at it in a different light.for the price that i see here today (around 120 bucks or so), it's a steal compared to what you can buy new. just keep the fan and such clean so it runs cool and i can't stress enough how a ssd drive will improve performance in this baby. i have mine pretty tweaked and this machine blows my stock i-5 asus away. it's not so much about cpu speeds these days.i hope i helped you and remember: even though it's an informed one, this is still just my very humble opinion and if i'm wrong about any of this please comment and feel free to ask me any questions about this machine. even with it's slight faults (i would be more forgiving if it wasn't billed as top of the line), i plan on keeping it.