For the money, the Acer C720 (2GB) isn't just one of the best Chromebook on the market, it's one of the better cheap laptops on the market. For $199 at the time of my purchase, I could not be happier with what I got for my money. This 11.6" laptop is great on battery life, has stellar performance, and houses a sleek and portable form factor. Chrome OS is limited to some, but with a constant internet connection and a computer at home that you can remote desktop to (not entirely necessary), there isn't much you can't do with a Chromebook. The dual-core Intel Celeron (Haswell) CPU inside isn't power hungry, it doesn't put out much heat at all, and it powers Chrome OS like a boss. The C720 also carries 2GBs of RAM, which is plenty for most of what you'll be doing inside of Chrome. You won't have any stuttering or lag with multiple tabs open in Chrome, a video playing or music in the background while blogging on social media. At the time of this review I currently have 6 tabs open, including a livestream on Twitch.tv, and there is no lag whatsoever. Battery life is also fantastic. With social media, email, music, and word processing, you can expect anywhere from 7 - 9 hours with the C720, slightly less if constantly streaming video. I had a day where I unplugged the laptop at 7am, used it for notes and videos through school till around noon, then used it all day at work researching tech and playing videos; I ended the day at 10pm with around 49% battery, I then proceeded to use the laptop most of the next day at home before it finally dying around 3pm. So you can expect to get through a whole day with this Chromebook. Another additional benefit is USB 3.0. There is 1 on this laptop, as well as a single USB 2.0 port on the other side of the laptop. You also have full HDMI out for running an extra HDMI enabled monitor/tv. This greatly improves functionality if you enjoy having multiple displays. It's lightweight, portable, looks great and the build quality is superb for a sub $200 laptop, but there are a couple downsides. The original carried a full-size SD card slot (when inserted, the card would be flush with the laptop, making portable storage easy), the C720 lacks this, and only carries a half-depth SD card slot, minor downside. Also, there are no function keys as well as no caps lock key, like the original. I would like to be able to ALT-F4 out of Chrome, instead I have to CTRL-W to close each tab/window individually. The screen is 11.6" and has a resolution of 1333x768, which is just fine for a 11" laptop. Viewing angles and color reproduction wasn't the best, but you won't have many complaints sitting in front of the laptop for a few hours. Another downfall out of the box was the keyboard, the keys were shallow but well spaced. After a couple days of use I got completely used to this and am now typing this review on the C720 at 60+ WPM.To conclude, if you're on a budget looking for a laptop, already live inside of Google's ecosystem or are okay with living in the cloud (no classic Windows applications/limited storage), then this laptop will serve you well.The C720 has the best battery life for a Chromebook on the market, other than Dell's Chromebook 11 ($100 more than the C720 at the time of this review),which only carries a couple hours of battery life over the Acer here. Other than that, you won't find better performance, battery life and a simple, utilitarian design in any other sub $200 laptop.Pros:PerformanceBattery lifePortabilityLoud speakersGood trackpad with easy-to-use gesturesCons:Screen viewing angles and colorsLack of caps lock key and F4 key. (Search key can be swapped with Caps lock in settings)Keys are a bit shallow and hard to use at firstIf you reading this feel I didn't cover some aspect of the laptop, feel free to ask a question on this review, I'm very active in replying to Amazon questions. Thanks!