I always check with amazon reviews when i buy products and i feel it is time to contribute tooI bought the Envy for 599 from office depot and upgraded to windows 8 pro for another 99 dollarsThe last tablet i had was a lenova 10 inch and i never used it and gave it away.I wanted a solid keyboard and not have to type on the screen keyboard that covers half the page i want to seeThe envy came with a solid keyboard and i scooped it up.The Envy looks awesome when closed and the brushed aluminum is space age.The screen size is almost like a small laptop which may put off some tablet buyers. I love it for watching movies.The keyboard is well spaced and just right. I feel the number pad is just an ugly waste that is for accountants and i am quite happy without it..The reason i bring up the keyboard is that many reviewers commented that the spacebar kept adding spaces but with my slow typing that has not been a problemThe next problem mentioned was the poor wifi. The wifi is adequate when close to router but fades away in the next room. So i bought a D link nano N300 usb wireless adapter.  I walked to my bedroom and tried both the internal and the USB seperately. A world of difference. 5 bars vs 1 bar. So i disable the inside adapter when i want more bandwith. So definitely get a USB adapter. Mine cost 28 bucks.The rest of the comments and working of the envy is given by the other reviewers so i wont bore you. But yes u can work around the wireless situation.I have also added a 64 GB micro sd card so that i have 128 gbs of memory. I use mini usb lexar 32gb and 64 gb flash drives also which are unobtrusive and can be a back up source for movies etc.The HDMI port was useful and i watched some netflix movies already on my TV.The reason i give it only 4 stars is because some foolish engineer stuck the headphone jack at the base of the tablet where it can only be reached by detatching the tablet from the keyboard. So no listening to music while typing etc. I understand they needed to put the jack on the base of the tablet because the other sides are too thin. But if you look at the right hand side of the tablet base there is lot of space to stick the jack in there where it wont be covered by the clasp and you can use a right angle jack to access the space..Bad HP . Fire your engineer.Windows 8 works great on the tablet.  The memory is more that adequate for general use. I have done all sorts of short cuts and tricks to make it work like Windows 7 and 8 combined, with all the usual  - my computer, control panel etc available at a touch. In windows 7 I only had the desktop. Now i have a fully functional desktop with start button and a very rich  and loaded start screen. I hated windows 8 initially but the more i work with it the more i realize how intuitive and functional it is. The new kid on the block is not going away so embrace it now and not have it force fed later..And basically it is just windows 7 dressed up in xmas wrapping. So enjoy it with a great tablet keyboard HP envy..........Xstasy.