In August 2013, I reviewed this product and rated it 4 stars, based on what seemed to be adequate performance but I have now completely changed my mind and rating based on current events. We purchased this unit for our daughter, who is a kindergarten teacher. It was delivered on May 09, 2012 and in August 2013, 1.25 years later, it seemed to be performing as expected. BUT, on May 09, 2014, exactly 2 years after delivery, our daughter called and advised that the unit had completely died and according to a preliminary investigation, the processor and/or motherboard had failed. I contacted Amazon, strictly to advise them of the problem. But, realizing that the product is beyond its short 1-year warranty, I was certainly not expecting a replacement but was simply seeking assistance and Amazon has provided that, thus far. I contacted Dell and ultimately encountered one of the most convoluted runarounds in which I have ever been involved. I spoke to a Tech Support rep, who needed certain identifying product information, so I had to agree to call back. When I did, I attempted reach Customer Support but thanks to Dell's "wonderful" automated phone system, I ended up with Tech Support. After realizing that the unit was out of warranty, that rep couldn't get me off of the phone fast enough. As though he was reading from a script, in very broken English, he was attempting to explain the principle of a warranty to me. I, in turn, explained that as a 20-year employee of Panasonic Co., I well understood both warranties and product quality and my point was not whether or not the product was in warranty but was whether it was reasonable to expect it to completely fail in two years. He just didn't understand!! Finally, I asked to be transferred to Customer Support. I was on "Hold" for 8 minutes before being cut off. I called back and after winding my way through Dell's maze-like phone system, I reached that department. As soon as that rep, who also spoke broken English, realized that the warranty had expired, she transferred me to Tech Support as I was in the middle of a sentence, again attempting to explain my problem with having a product fail in two short years. But, disappointingly, I again ended up with Tech Support, In one last desperate attempt, I futilely tried to explain my problem to a different representative but he, too, in broken English, seemed to read from a script in explaining that the product was out of warranty and nothing could be done. So, on May 10, 2014, I wrote a letter to Michael S. Dell, President and CEO of Dell. Certainly this American could understand the point that I was attempting to make! But, on May 15, 2014, I received a call from a man, purporting to be from the executive offices and responding to my May 10 letter, to Mr. Dell. I did not understand his name, however, since he, too, spoke in broken English! After some discussion, he stated that based on the "alarm code" given off by the Laptop, his assessment is that the Processor has failed and according to his explanation, because of the cost, there is nothing that Dell can (will??) do. He then rather insultingly attempted to explain the term "warranty" to me but I stopped him, explaining my history with Panasonic. He then made a statement that I will not forget. He said that it is because of what has happened here, that Dell extends warranties instead of guaranties. I took this as evidence of how much confidence Dell has in its products and how little attention it pays to quality. I told him that because of this instance, and despite the fact that I have purchased several Dell products over the years, I will never purchase a Dell product again. He couldn't have cared less, in my opinion, and said that he would take my comment as "feedback"!! I will now find a computer manufacturer that at least understands the American way of doing business but I am definitely finished with Dell. If I could have scored this purchase a "0", I would have...