My wife and children got me this for my birthday, a couple of weeks ago.  I say this because I'm too cheap to buy something this expensive for myself. <grin>  I was definitely non-plussed by it, and it took some adjusting on my part.  Oh, I have been using computers since the mid-70s (gives you an idea of what birthday it was), and have all sorts of experience on HW, SW, & OSs so I'm definitely not a novice user.  That said, here's a random list of my impressions after 2 1/2 weeks:- Win8 definitely took some getting used to - I would say it's not very intuitive to use.  It's also somewhat clunky with a mouse and keyboard, so I can see where using it on a non-touchscreen device could be frustrating.  However, it's a good effort at a fairly new idea.  One minor peeve:  you can re-arrange the Start screen, but there are some limiting aspects.  It forces me to group tiles in specific grids - that's very minor.  More frustrating is trying to arrange the tiles in a grid.  The way it shifts the existing tiles is not readily predictable - I sometimes have to move tiles around several times to get the grid arranged as I want.  I hope an update will push soon to change that.- Windows App Store.  Limited, for now.  I know that'll change.  Apple and Android went through those periods, too.- Some of the changes in names are puzzling. Charms?  Kind of a silly name, but once I knew what those could do I forgot the name; all I care about is what it can do.  But that does bring up another peeve of mine.  I can accept change, when it IMPROVES on something.  When it's just change for change sake I get frustrated.- I absolutely love the laptop / tablet mechanics.  It feels VERY sturdy; I don't think I'll need to worry about those hinges failing in any way.  I do know from reading a lot of reviews that some people are bothered by having the keyboard exposed on the back when it's in tablet mode.  I was too, but I bought a sleeve for it.  The sleeve fits it nicely when closed, and when I use this as a tablet I slip it over the keyboard - end of problem, IMHO.  After all, I'd want a sleeve for a tablet in any case.- I have read complaints over its bulk and weight as a tablet.  Well, it's NOT a tablet, it's a convertible.  I've never bothered with a tablet - too much money for too little capability - so I don't even consider this comparison.  I don't find it too heavy or bulky, given the way I use it.- Battery life is awesome.  This lasts far longer than any laptop I've ever used.- The screen is gorgeous!!  Bright, sharp, high contrast, incredibly wide viewing angle - it's got it all.  I don't see (pun intended) any flaws or negatives.- Disk space.  Yes, it's limited, but so much is shifting to cloud storage so it's not as big of an issue as it would've been a few years ago.  And hey, with a USB 3.0 port, and the size (physical and g-bytes) of external drives I can always get more.- The Novo Recovery system.  I like that it's got a separate button to start that - no need to bang away on a Function key, change the Boot order, and Restart.  Just one press and you're in the Utility.  SimpleIn the end, I absolutely love it.  It does what I need and does it all very well.  I highly recommend it, but as always it comes down to your needs.