I jumped onto the Chromebook bandwagon with the first device available at retail last summer, the Acer AC700. Since then it has been a rocky road with Chrome but with big improvements. I decided to purchase this Samsung 5 550 this summer and have had it in my possession for the last few days. The $50 Amazon coupon available as of this review was the final enticement for me to buy, I love those Amazon clippings. So anyway my reference point is someone upgrading from the Acer.The Acer has improved a lot with steady upgrades to the Chrome OS over the last year. Whereas it was extremely buggy at first, now it works great. However I could not be more impressed with the vast improvement with this Samsung released in May. It represents the next generation of Chromebook, and I believe the one that really makes Chrome a viable alternative to Mac or PC in terms of everyday use.The improved Intel processor is a lot faster than the Acer. And you have twice as much memory, 4 GB instead of 2 GB. The memory also makes a huge difference. I have not seen the problems with video sites mentioned in other reviews. I can play two YouTube videos at the same time in HD with no problem. And while the hardware on the Acer felt cheap and pretty low-quality, the exterior design, feel, and performance of this computer all hold up as high quality after a few days of use. The screen and keyboard on this computer are also a major improvement over the Acer. Although this screen is supposedly only a half inch larger, it feels like more screen space than that. The Acer felt slightly cramped even for a netbook. I use a 27" display on my desktop but this 12.1" screen feels just as comfortable for checking e-mail, watching video, or other such functions as that setup. It really has the feel of a high-end laptop that costs several times more, but without all the additional equipment.If you are like me and mostly use the internet while sitting at Starbucks (as I am now), doing office work, or reading the news on your computer, this is for you. Yes I still have a MacBook Pro at home which I use as a desktop, the other chromebook, and a few other devices. But this is my go-to. It is incredibly lightweight and starts in under ten seconds. There is no need to mess around with the setup, it just works out of the box and remembers your settings from other computers once you log in.You still need a conventional Mac or PC in my opinion for certain activities, for instance I still use Excel on my Mac. Google Docs while steadily getting better is still not quite in parity with the Microsoft Office suite in terms of finish. In comparison, buying this product is your entire expense. Buying a PC you have to buy the operating system if you ever want to upgrade and additional software; all that comes for free with the Chromebook and updates for free for life, automatically. Other intensive functions still reserved for the conventional computer are: iTunes, editing video, reformatting drives, and playing certain games. The cloud-based third-party Google Drive apps promoted by Google have not reached the complexity of their hard drive brethren, but they're getting there.I have no doubt that this kind of cloud platform will be the norm for the majority of casual computer users in 5 to 10 years. There is no longer any need for the extra hardware and software the comes in a conventional computer.