Against my better judgment I bought this laptop over the Surface pro and I wish I never did.Lets start off with the good, it's only about a half inch bigger than Surface on all sides.  It's well built, and beautiful.  The screens are very high quality, the keyboard and trackpad are the best I have ever used.  It's not so heavy that you can't use it in portrait with one hand (unless you are a very weak person).  The pen works great and windows 8 flies on this thing.Now the bad.First thing you will notice is the inner screen has no touch.  I thought this would be a non issue, you have to be an idiot to reach up and touch the screen involuntarily.  But within the first hour I had reached up to touch it 5 times.  This quickly went from being a dumb thing I did, to being a mistake made by ASUS.Next thing is the crapware.  There's TONS OF IT.  Mostly crap made by ASUS that you will never use.  The good thing is most of it can be uninstalled.  But there are a few ASUS apps that must stay if you want the cool screen switching to work.THIS APP KILLS THE LAPTOP.  It's called ASUS Power 4 Gear and it controls the screens. The problem with it is it constantly fights windows.  An example is I used Power 4 gear to set my screen brightness and color temp on the inner display.  Then I needed the screen brighter so I did what anyone would do and used the brightness controls on the charms bar.  As soon as I changed it I lost all my backlights and color settings and they would not come back until I went into Power 4 gear and did it all over again.  The same thing happens when you close the lid and it switches to the outer display.  Non of your settings stay from the inner display.  This is a HUGE PAIN and ASUS should be ashamed of themselves for this software.  Honestly if this app was 'fixed' by ASUS this would be an good laptop, but right now this is the main thing that kills it.Another bad thing is the battery.  I used it for a few hours and you can literally watch the battery level drop, it's almost like it's animated it drops so fast.  My system came with a full charge and setting it up and a bit of HD youtube killed it in 2 and a half hours.  That is not acceptable in any way.One other gripe I have with it is the glass on the outer display.  It's great looking but it does not have a coating on it like a smartphone so fingerprints are EVERYWHERE and getting them off is not as easy as a wipe with your shirt.  You have to get a cloth and go to town on it if you are OCD like me.  I spent way too much time cleaning the damn lid on mine.In the end I returned this laptop and am getting a Surface pro.  I love the idea of the Taichi, but ASUS screwed up big time on the software and battery life.  Maybe next year there will be a Taichi 2 that fixes all these problems, I will be very interested to see that.