This is a great laptop/tablet combo. Now, because of the size and weight of the laptop when it's in "tablet mode", you'll mostly be using it as a laptop, and sometimes finding it convenient to use it as a tablet (I do so for "Angry Birds" and other gaming sessions).The screen is nice and bright, and the viewing angles are superb (granted, I'm coming from a Zenbook Prime, where if you tilted your head too far, the colors went weird and you didn't have a good viewing experience). The touchscreen is usually very responsive, but I did find that sometimes it wouldn't pick up a swipe. I did learn that's because Windows defaults to turning off the driver after so much time of no-use and that you can turn it off from doing so (with a slight, and mean very slight, hit to battery).Coming from a Zenbook Prime, this keyboard is a definite step up. The keys have nice play, but aren't mushy. They also have a nice click and feedback to them, but aren't difficult to press down. They're spaced just right for my hands and fingers to do long sessions of typing without needing a lot of breaks. I only wish they'd put more work in the touchpad. Physically, the touchpad is GREAT. It's big enough to allow you to go from one side of the screen to the next without having to lift your fingers. It clicks well, and is, well, a touchpad. The problem is in the drivers. I find myself frequently needing to restart the drivers. It's not a problem, as the touchpad still works, but you lose some of the mutli-touch support and Windows 8 gestures. It's not a huge problem, but definitely an annoyance.I bought this laptop/tablet because I do development work and wanted something with a touchscreen that I could use to develop on the go. This definitely as the power already to run through all of my work, including debugging in Visual Studio 2012, web browsing, and having a few Word Docs open at the same time. I did update the RAM myself (a fairly quick and EXTREMELY simple thing to do with this laptop) and that may be worth the extra $40 to do so. I highly recommend it as everything seemed to pick up speed and responsiveness from there.The only problem I had with this was the wonky partitioning scheme that Lenovo used. One can go into the disk management and backup/remove any partitions they don't want, but I'm also not the average consumer. For example: I can't imagine my mother knowing that that's even an option. I also wouldn't want to try and walk her through doing it. I think this partitioning scheme was a mistake, but at this point, has no effect one me.So, in conclusion, if you want a solid laptop that also makes a pretty good tablet, this is your machine. I really enjoy using it. Just know going in that you may have to restart touch pad drivers (unless Lenovo has updated them) and/or you may have to work with the partitions.