I purchased this directly from the Apple store and not from Amazon.com. I have owned the product for about two weeks.I will try to avoid repeating what has already been said in many of the other reviews for the Macbook Air and offer you my own perspective and decision-making process before the purchase and thoughts after the purchase.Before I purchased...I have been a long time Windows OS user and really the only Apple product I owned up until this purchase was my iPhone4. I had plenty of desktops at home and work, but I needed a new personal laptop I could take with me when I'm on the go. I would like to think I'm in the majority when it comes to having a very usable laptop that's also portable. It doesn't need to do intense gaming, it doesn't need the best graphics card out there, but it DOES need to be light and it DOES need to do daily tasks well.I researched...I certainly wasn't in the Apple camp just yet and looked at several notebooks from HP, Samsung, Toshiba, Lenovo. I looked at all notebooks, but something about the thin and light ones just really caught my attention. I wanted to be careful though because in the world of technology there are always trade offs. To my relief it appeared that the thin and light notebooks out in the market had all gotten to a point where they were now very capable machines. They were certainly not up to the performance of their thicker brethren, but they were now considered very usable with a price premium that was still within budget. (See the complaints about the first generation thin notebookes like the original Macbook Air if you want to know more about some downsides).Thin and light...The final contenders in the running were the Samsung 9, the Lenovo X1, and this Macbook Air. If you looked at price and performance they're on a level playing field. As the typical consumer though we tend to evaluate beyond just the speeds and feeds. It came down to aesthetics and feeling around the brand. Long story short, Apple won. The OS was not an issue for me because there are several ways you can set your Macbook up to run Windows.The kicker...I would be traveling internationally and Apple clearly offers an international warranty. You can take them to any Apple store to get them fixed. It was not clear what kind of "limited" international warranty were being offered by other manufacturers. I have noticed international warranties are usually NOT standard on typical consumer PCs. Business PCs are another story.After I purchased...Everything works well and the notebook is as speedy as everyone says. There are certainly little things I noticed here after I got this computer.I did try some light 3D gaming and the laptop would get hot especially near the upper part of the keyboard.The large trackpad is easy to use and the surface is a very nice anti-friction material. You would be surprised how many laptop manufacturers get the trackpad surface wrong. The ability for it to recognize a finger vs. your palm resting on it while typing on the keyboard is one of those little features many don't notice.The magsafe adapter is a great design and still beats the traditional plug-in power because there is no harm down if you accidentally pull it out by say tripping over the wire.The power adapter is tiny and doesn't get warm. It also comes with an interchangeable extension cord if the default cord is too short for you.OS X Lion has taken some time to get used to, but it wasn't terrible. I did not end up installing Windows :).The one thing I have NOT liked about the Macbook Air though is that for some reason the notebook screen puts more stress on my eyes than other screens. I can not pinpoint exactly why, but it happens.Conclusion: I gave it 4 stars because I have only had it for a few weeks, but if this notebook lasts me past the warranty period it deserves a at least a 4.5 rating.