I bought this laptop for myself for school and college next year.The resolution is so amazing, and the speakers are crystal clearIt's so pretty, and its fast! I love the backlight keyboard for working in the dark.The rapid wake is so awesome, close the laptop lid and it goes to sleep, open it back up and it loads up everything in a matter of seconds!The 15.5 inch is perfect, it's not too big and its not too small (hence includes the numeric keypad).I'm also into gaming a bit, (not like super intense hardcore gaming where the fps has to be at least 30) but this laptop gets done with what I want it to.An added bonus is the Imagination Studio, I love editing videos together and my desktop has gotten so old (2004) and lost so much space, that it hasn't been able to get the job done, with Sony Vegas I can do all that.Now the cons:The webcam.... is god awful, they advertise HD but its max output is 1MP, so you're better off hooking up a different webcamThe touchpad is also really sensitive and hard to get used to, especially with Windows 8 and that new formatMy laptop came with part of the plastic backing loose and very fragile looking so I'm hoping a quick fix with super glue will help that EDIT: Nope it snapped back into place!So yeah, there aren't really many that issues with it all! I'm not really into Windows 8, but I figured I'd have to learn it eventually, and yeah, it's definitely going to take me a while. I already have a webcam to my desktop so I'm going to see how well that looks. Also I'm buying a mouse because in general, laptop touch pads and I just dont really agree, and just so you know USB mice work just fine if you don't want to splurge on a high priced wireless one. Also if you look on the internet and even Amazon says the battery life is 2.75 hours, don't worry, there are plenty of ways to adjust it, you're more likely to have 3-4 hours of straight web surfing, as for me I'm the type to keep my laptop plugged in for a majority of the time. Fingers crossed it lasts through the next 4 years of college!EDIT MARCH 6, 2013:So that little plastic piece I was talking about, yeah it broke. I glued it and taped it, oh well.Some small cosmetic scratches have also appeared, so I'm looking for a skin cover tooAlso about a month ago, my Windows did an update and had to restart when it got back to the login screen everything froze up, but not exactly, just that I couldn't get my keyboard to work (it wasn't connecting) but the system still was because the clock would change. I eventually had to use the assist function on it (which was working with the keyboard) and do a refresh, which uninstalled all my programs. So safe to say now I'm backing up all installation files.