This is the single worst laptop I have ever owned, and I have had a laptop of one sort or another for more than twenty years. I suspect it's a lemon as I purchased two of the same model at the same time -- one for myself and the other for my business partner.  Hers is fine.  Mine is a disaster.  I purchased both Elitebook 9470m devices in October 2013.  I also purchased an on-site support care pack from HP for each device because, as a partner in a small business, I can't really afford to have significant downtime with my primary work device.  Unfortunately, I've had trouble with this particular HP Elitebook since it first arrived on my doorstep.  It crashed during initial setup, and I had to do a system reset several different times.  A software issue?  Perhaps, but not a good start to the end-user experience.  I've had intermittent problems with most of the Office 2013 programs since October 2013.  They crash or lock up without warning.  I've learned to back-up work frequently, but the hassle factor is still high.  Again, perhaps those are just software problems.  HP support was certainly quick to assign the blame to Windows 7 and Office.  Then, about 10 days ago, the hard drive on my Elitebook 9470 started making a loud clicking noise. The dreaded "Smartdisk Imminent Failure" message appeared shortly after that.  I backed up everything, ran a hardware diagnostic, and learned that the drive was indeed failing.  I wrote down all of the error message information and called HP's "Elite Support" on Wednesday of last week.  The gentleman who took my call required only about 2 minutes to concur that my notebook's drive was bad, and he told me that a new drive would be shipped, picked up by an HP certified technician and then installed in my notebook on Friday of last week.  Now, that's not the 24 hour turnaround time HP promises, but it was close enough.  Friday came and went, but no technician and no hard drive ever showed up.  We were expecting poor weather in our area, and that was the reason I was given initially when someone representing HP called to tell me that the support visit would be rescheduled for Monday.  I called the HP rep back and asked for an expedited service request.  I explained that I was traveling for business starting on Saturday and would effectively be without a functioning notebook until I returned home the following Wednesday. That's when I learned that the weather was only part of the problem.  The replacement hard drive apparently hadn't been released for pick-up by UPS.  After multiple calls and conversations with several phone support personnel, I learned that all of the people with whom I'd been speaking during this 5 hour block of time weren't even affiliated with HP.  By then, the weather had turned poor, and any chance of a service call had gone out the window. The best solution they could offer was to reschedule the service call for the Wednesday I arrived home.  That was yesterday.  The HP tech did show up, and he brought the new hard drive with him.  Before he installed it, he asked me to give him my backup media.  All I could give him was a blank stare.  "Back up media?" I asked.  "Yes, a DVD or maybe a flashdrive that has a copy of the operating system for this device on it."  Just one problem with that: my Elitebook Folio 9470 didn't ship with any back-up media because it doesn't have a DVD drive.  HP's "Elite Support" confirmed this when I called them to complain.  "That particular model doesn't ship with backup media because it doesn't have a DVD drive, and the backup media we'd normally send is on 2 or 3 DVDs."  When I asked why I hadn't been told that during my initial support call, HP support couldn't give me an answer.  When I asked how long it would take to get the back-up media, I was told that it would be 3-4 business days unless I wanted to pay for expedited shipping,  When I asked if I was going to have to go purchase an external DVD drive just to reinstall the O/S, HP Support told me, "Yes, that's what you're going to have to do."  There were no other options.  I requested expedited shipping and told the HP Support supervisor that I expected not to be charged for it.  He said he'd take care of it, but when I asked for a tracking number he said he didn't have access to that information at the time.  I asked if there was someone to whom I could speak to register a complaint about this entire, week-long miserable experience, and I was promised that someone from HP's Customer Care group would contact me by noon today to discuss the matter.  It's now 2 pm, and no one has called.  The back-up media?  Not here.  Moral of the story: if you want to be bumped around HP Support and its various subcontractors, spend hours on the phone, wait a week for support that you paid to have provided in 24 hours, and have that support arrive in incomplete pieces, and then wait even longer to resolve the problem with your device, then by all means buy an HP Elitebook Folio 9470m.  And be sure to fork over several hundred dollars more for one of HP's awesome Customer, (we couldn't) Care (less) Packs.  What a great value!  Or, you can do what I'm leaving my office to do right now: Buy a MacBook Pro.