I have been using this huge and crazy machine for about a week so far.  I can tell you guys that this machine is fast responding, nice, comfortable; but heavy, large and has a short battery life. Let's get straight into details shall we?For Pros,It is truly a fast responding laptop as what I have mentioned above. Because it has 4 GB RAM plus 1 GB graphic card memory, it never gets stuck by almost any kind of multi-tasking. As soon as I unveiled the cover of this computer and lifted the screen up, the first lovely feature came into my mind was the wonderful keyboard. The design is following Apple Mac's keyboard, however, ASUS makes it even better! It is soft, confortable and smooth. So, it certainly fits for typing tasks and it can let you have a pleasant typing journey. The 15.6" HD screen is amazing and clear, and unlike a lot of other laptops, it has the shortcut to turn off the light of the screen while leave the PC switching on. Since this machine also has LED light under the keyboard, you can actually turn off the screen light and turn on the keyboard light while you are sleeping. Therefore, you can also use this laptop as a fancy table light ^-^. Well, since we call it `Republic of Gamers', this machine should be good with gaming, right? YES! ABSOLUTELY! So far I have run extreme high definition of the online game-League of Legends and Call of Duty 5-World at War. Both of them run fairly well. Furthermore, the audio system is mad good, however, you might need a headphone to enjoy it better. Few more features about this device are the webcam, and the LED lights on the back and sides of the screen. I tried Skype video chat through the webcam of this laptop with my parents, and they told me they can see me better than while I was using my Macbook's webcam (never expected it before >.<). I don't know why some people say they dislike the LED lights on the back of the screen, ASUS actually learned from Apple (I think)! It is indeed the right and nice design!For Cons,I really don't want to say anything bad about this lovely machine considering the fairly low price of it. However, lol, I better tell the truth about the shortages of this ASUS product.First of all, it is heavy. Since it has 2 separated hard drives inside, each with capacity of 250 GB added up to 500 GB; the machine cannot be a light one. In addition, we have the huge 15.6" HD screen. In order to be specific, I checked the weight of the G51jx series from the official website of ASUS, 3.30kg (7.28 pounds). Well, it is only the pure weight of the device. Considering that we have to bring the charger (which is a large and heavy one) with us almost all the time because this laptop's battery life is relatively short, it will actually weight up to around 4.2-4.5kg (9.3 - 9.9 pounds), which almost equals to the total weight of two 13.3" laptops. We just can't expect it to be light, can we? Secondly, G51jx-X3 got extremely hot around the area of the side fan while I was playing games. Here, what I mean for `very hot' is that it can actually warm up a cup of cold water or `burn' your left hand. So, it helps a lot during winter that you can put a cup of tea or coffee next to the side fan and keep it warm while you are playing games ^^. Therefore, we need a good cooling pad to keep this machine running well and safely. Moreover, there are also complains about the inconvenient design of the keyboard that we almost need function shortcuts (press two keys at the same time) everywhere like turning up/off the volume, increasing/decreasing the background LED light of the screen, fast forward/rewind a music or movie.All in all, if you don't care about the heaviness, inconvenient shortcuts and short battery life of this machine, everything else works just fine. I can say this is really a brilliant and nice and satisfying laptop at this price.Thanks for reading and hope you will get the one you like.