First Off, as far as comparison, I am an IT Professional.  Part of my job is opening and setting up brand new laptops for customers.  That being said, this laptop has some very good points and a few disappointment points as well.  I will break this down to pros and cons for easier comparison.PROS:~ The screen quality is fantastic.  First off, the screen is firm and rigid so touches do not lift the front of the laptop, nor does the screen flex when touched.  The screen is a full HD 1920x1086 display (I know the description can be confusing).~ The backlight keyboard is very similar to that of a MacBook Pro, the key depth is sufficent to feel like you are actually typing on a keyboard and not just a flat surface.  One observation is that the backlight is a little lower end.  Light bleeds through around the edges of the keys and shines slightly through the keys themselves, though it is easy to see in the dark so I am still considering this a pro.~ Additionally, the processor is one of the best i7's available for laptops right now, and has not hung up at all on me since I received this product.~ The power plug socket is snug and builds confidence in the fact that it does not feel cheap and loose, but rather a good firm connection.~ The touchscreen is very responsive and accurate.~ The overall feel of the laptop is solid and strong and does not feel cheap and provides a rigid feel.CONS:~VERY disappointing that the screws on the bottom of the laptop are Torx #5 screws, not phillips or standard.  I stripped one of the screws trying to replace the original hard drive with another SSD I had purchased.  So this was a frustration point for me.~ Disappointed with the bezel on the DVD tray.  The right side of the face of the DVD tray is not glued down tight and sticks out about 1/8 inch which is just enough to get caught on my case when I slip the laptop in a case I have.  I was able to put a dot  of super glue on it and clamp it with a clothespin to reduce the protruding plastic piece, but it is still not completely flush with the rest of the bezel.~ The 1TB 5400 RPM HDD is a throw-away component, included to keep the cost of the pc down.  As soon as I got mine, I used the EaseUS Todo Home software to replicate the included HDD to my SSD and put that in.  But I HIGHLY recommend getting a faster HDD if not an SSD to really uncap the potential of this computer, as the 5400 RPM HDD will NOT do it justice.SUMMARY:I think overall the laptop is good, with the quality of components that are included, however I think ASUS should take just a tad bit more time to improve the build quality of the laptop.  This laptop costs enough to be able to expect quality build quality and it would be nice to see it improve a touch.  I have confidence that this laptop will do everything I need it to do with both work and finishing my Computer Networking degree, and be able to run any application I can throw at it.  I believe that this laptop is worth more than the price they are charging and I feel it is a good deal.  I would say go for it and see for your self.TARGET AUDIENCE:~ Power Users~ IT Professionals~ Graphics Intensive Business People~ Gamers