As I am typing this review with this product I can say that I absolutely love it! It is absolutely perfect for my needs. I'm not a "tech geek" or anything but I definitely appreciate being able to have a laptop which is extremely lightweight and so easy to bring with me just about everywhere. As a college student, this compact device is better than having a tablet as it is compatible with certain programs which the tablet I have is not. It is just as convenient, but more useful to me.I love how simple and quick everything is. Start up is within seconds, no loading screens, no nonsense. Log in and go. Also, shutting down is only seconds as well. My previous laptop had issues with shutdown and I couldn't close the screen until it was completely shut down or else it would interrupt the process. That usually took a few minutes. With the Chromebook, it's click, shut, and go. And shutting down rather than just closing saves battery life, even though that really is not an issue. While being used, it's currently calculating I have 90% battery left which adds up to 7 hours and 12 minutes. This is just great!With the exception of getting used to the placement of the keys on the keyboard (slightly different from a standard keyboard) I really enjoy how quiet typing is. I can sit and work on emails or papers in the library or at night without disturbing anyone because the keys aren't making a loud ticking noise as I am typing.Another feature, which was a huge selling point as I have had issues in the past, is the lack of fan and moving parts. It is very frustrating to have a laptop which can't be placed in your lap because it gets too hot. This laptop is always cool, which the exception of one spot which is barely lukewarm.Getting use to the smaller screen and type was an adjustment at first, but there is a setting feature which allows you to enlarge the type on a page without having to zoom into the screen which I like.Essentially, the Chromebook is great! It takes a little bit of getting used to but the adjustment only takes a short time. I'm sure there are some other things I haven't discovered and I haven't had a chance to get a good look through all of the apps available. The only small complaint that I have is the inability to stream on Netflix. I guess it's not compatible with the OS yet but they're working on it. But it's only a small complaint because I can use my tablet to watch Netflix and in that case I'm able to work on the laptop while watching movies and shows considering both of them are small and don't take up too much space.Overall, I am very happy with my new "toy." I've been bringing it with me everywhere I go!**UPDATE**Should have done this sooner. Unfortunately I had to drop my rating on this product only because within a few months I was no longer able to use it. Due to one fall from a counter top to a carpeted floor, my power adapter apparently suffered some unseen damage. (It landed flat on the bottom as it slid off the counter.) This caused the area around the adapter port to somehow overheat and melt. The damage was not immediately obvious to me and the next time I went to unplug my computer, the tiny metal piece snapped off inside the port itself. Because this was caused by a drop and I sadly had not purchased the extra warranty which covers drops, there was nothing I could do. I've considered purchasing another Chromebook, but with the adapter being so fragile, along with the strange sort of malfunction, I'm not sure I want to take that risk. It was a great little computer, while it lasted.