This review is for the 11.6" MBA which I just picked up last week at an Apple store. I'm a seasoned Apple user, owning a 24" iMac, circa 2009 and a 13" MBP (also 2009) which was bricked after I dropped a very small amount of water on the keyboard a few months ago.I always wanted to purchase a MBA and was always partial to the 11.6" model but prior models just didn't cut it at a reasonable price point. A 64GB SSD is just not enough storage when you consider that your OS and basic productivity software are going to easily consume at least half that space. When Apple announced the new versions with 128GB standard and starting at $999, I decided the time was right. That said, I still sprung for the 256GB model simply because for an extra $200 I likely won't have to worry about storage concerns for the coming years I use this notebook and to me that's worth it. I think one could probably get along just fine with the stock 128GB if storage demands aren't high. Now that most large files are moving into the cloud, local storage space seems to be less of a concern.PerformanceOut of the box it took just a few minutes to configure the laptop and I was logged in. Right away I was blown away by the speed increase of this laptop. Keep in mind that I only have 4GB of RAM and the basic i5 Haswell processor that comes standard. Safari loads pages instantly and as much as it pains me to say, makes my iMac look rather sluggish. I was torn about whether or not to upgrade the RAM, but I decided to stick with the 4GB, reasoning that at 11.6" it was unlikely that I would ever run software so complex to necessitate that much memory. Now I am glad I made that choice because between the improved processor and SSD, this thing runs at phenomenal speeds. Go ahead and upgrade your memory if it gives you peace of mind, but just know that it is probably completely unnecessary.DisplayOne thing that continues to bother me is the bevy of comments about the lack or Retina display on the MBA, especially the 11.6" version. This is a small laptop, and while it might be nice to have a little crisper display, you aren't going to notice a huge difference at this size. Plus, running a Retina display consumes more battery life and increases the price. In any case, don't fret about the display on the new MBA's- I can tell you that the displays are great and you will be hard-pressed to notice a difference unless you've only used Retina displays for the past several months.BatteryOne of my biggest complaints about my old bricked MBP was the battery life and Apple's false claims of 7-hours of continuous usage. I can tell you that that was patently false. I was lucky to get four hours of use on a full charge and that was if I had the brightness way down and only running a couple of apps at a time. That said, I was extremely skeptical about Apple's claims of 9 hours of usage with the new 11.6" model. I can say that I am again blown away by the improved battery life, which is the best I've ever gotten on any portable device. In the time I've used it, I continue to find myself glancing at the power meter and being surprised that it is still +90%. There is no doubt that the battery life has been substantially increased over previous models. I attribute this to Intel's new Haswell architecture more than anything. I am looking forward to upgrading to Mavericks which is supposed to improve the battery life even more.PortabilityWhen I bought my MBA, I had very little doubt that I would opt for the smaller, 11.6" model. I had friends trying to convince me to spring for the 13" model, saying that the 11.6" model is too small. If you are debating between the two, I would just advise you to ask yourself the following- where will you use this laptop the most? If it is for work outside the home or travel, and you anticipate carrying it around a lot, there's no question- get the 11.6" version. It is the perfect size and weight for a laptop. I am of the opinion that a laptop's purpose is portability, so I don't really think anybody should get the 13" model. If you anticipate working mostly at home, then your best bet is to buy an iMac, which I believe is the best desktop on the market, or buy the 11.6" model and get an external display to connect to it. For some reason people get scared by the seemingly small screen on the 11.6" version, but as a power-user who does a lot of coding and productivity work on mine, I can tell you I love the size of this laptop and haven't regretted not getting the larger model.All-in-all this is in my opinion the best laptop on the market if you prefer OSX. If you are in the market for a new laptop you will never regret buying an Air.