I absolutely love this ultrabook. If you need to have the most portable laptop, look no further. At 2.3 pounds, this Vaio feels like nothing in my bag. The weight was the main selling point for me. I'm a student who constantly traverses campus with books and a laptop, and having something that weighs far less than my textbooks is a dream. Coming from a laptop that weighed nearly 6 pounds to this featherweight is a huge burden lifted from my shoulders.I would like to address some issues other owners are reporting with this machine. I have absolutely zero wi-fi problems. I'm getting exactly the same reception, speed and stability from this laptop and every other wi-fi device I own. It worked great for me out of the box.Some others also say the trackpad is awful. Honestly, I'm not really sure what kind of problems they're having with their trackpad. Mine works near flawlessly. There is an occasional hiccup when it fails to recognize my two-finger scrolling gesture for a brief second, but it happens rarely. Tracking is solid and smooth. Palm rejection is also excellent. No more jumping four lines of text while typing a paper!The fan noise can be an issue for some. Honestly, simple web browsing or word processing, this machine is silent. I have it running on the battery most of the time in the "silent" mode located in the Vaio control panel, and any ambient noise drowns out the whisper coming from the side of this device. Now, any type of huge processor strain will make the fan whirl just like any other device. My only complaint is the fan can be a little to aggressive while watching HD videos, but the noise from the video still drowns out the fan for the most part.Speaking of HD videos, the screen on this Vaio is absolutely sublime. Compared to the Macbook Air, screen quality is no contest. The viewing angles and sharpness on the Vaio are unmatched by the Air. Only other Windows ultrabooks(Acer S7, Samsung Ativ 9, Asus Zenbook Inifinity) can compare in screen quality. Some of those might have a higher resolution than the Vaio, but at 13", 1920x1080 looks as sharp as I could possibly imagine. Colors are vibrant, blacks are deep, and whites are pure. There is a slight grain to it, but that's just an anti-glare coating. It's no matte display, but it does a better job at reflecting rays of light than a standard glossy display. For me, it's worth the trade off.The keyboard, for an ultrabook, is way above my expectations. I've felt some very shallow key strokes on other machines, but the click-clack from this Vaio is satisfying. Key travel is plenty for such a thin device. I have no problems with keystrokes not registering. The back lighting is also very nice. It is very even with very little bleed when looked at head on. I love having the lighting dim when not in use, then suddenly illuminate my keyboard when my fingers begin striking the keys.Port selection is decent enough. Two USB 3.0 with one supporting sleep charge, full size HDMI, a deep SD card slot with no stick out(unlike some Apple machines), a headphone/mic jack and charging. There is also a very handy USB 2.0 port on the power brick, so I can charge my smartphone from the brick instead of having to take up a USB port. Great add on feature!Build quality on this laptop has been a highly contested issue. Yes, the frame of the laptop can flex if you put ample force on it. But at normal typing pressure, the keyboard flex is minimal to nonexistent. It's a trade off for the 2.3 pound package. The carbon fiber keyboard deck has a nice matte, textured finish to it. It feels very premium. There are no panel gaps to speak of. The palm rest has a contrasted brushed aluminum which never gets too cold or hot to the touch. Sony also made the design so when the lid is closed, the screen is lifted slightly above the keyboard, so the keys do not rub against this beautiful display. I also love the slight angle created by the bottom of the hinge when the laptop is fully open. It makes for a lovely typing experience.Overall performance from the machine is blazingly fast. It boots in around 3 seconds, wakes from sleep instantly and opens apps in the blink of an eye. The new PCIe SSD gets 1000 mb/s reads and 900 writes! The processor and integrated GPU are enough for anything you would normally throw at an ultrabook.Battery life is probably the only let down on the device. I usually can get around 6-8 hours on my normal usage of web browsing, watching videos, and typing. It's enough to get me through the day, but it's no 10 hours from the MBA. If you need more runtime, Sony offers a sheet battery that doubles the runtime, and keeps the total weight of the device equal to the MBA.Overall, I am extremely happy with this laptop. I was worried reading the horror stories online about the terrible wi-fi and so on, but they are extremely small sample cases. My machine works flawlessly. I would without a second thought recommend this Vaio to anyone looking for a premium Windows ultrabook.