I experienced OpenGL driver, kernel driver, and TDR issues that caused me to crash and forced me to restart my laptop 100 times a day.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------These are the different errors that I experienced:1.)  Display driver NVIDA windows mode kernel drive version 334.89 stopped responding and has been successfully recovered.2.)  Application has been blocked from accessing graphics hardware.3.)  The NVIDIA OpenGL driver lost connection with the display driver due to excceeding the Windows Time-Out limit and is unable to continue.  The application must close.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I basically bought this laptop so that I could play Second Life.  It's the only 'game' that I play.  $850 is cheap for a laptop with these specs.  I bought the Model #59387520 version that had Windows 8.0 instead of Windows 8.1 while it was on sale.  It would be extremely difficult to find a 17.3" screen with a high resolution (1920 x 1080) for under $1,100.  There was an ASUS laptop that around $150-250 more (I can't remember, it's been two weeks since I did all my research), but I felt this Lenovo would be better.  I was really anxious to try out this laptop.  A NVIDIA GeForce GT 745M is supposed to be noticeably better than an entry-level NVIDIA GeForce GT 720M.  And this has an i7 processor with a fast clock speed (2.4 GHz).  I felt that this would be a laptop that I could have for many years and truly enjoy Second Life with.When I received my laptop, the first thing I had to do was install all the available Window upgrades.  This is necessary if you want to install the free Windows 8.1 update from the Windows Store.  After I installed the Windows 8.1 update, I updated all available drivers and software (Adobe Flash, Java, Intel Driver, NVIDIA driver, etc.).  I also removed all apps that I did not need, which was basically all of them.  Then I installed the viewer for Second Life and tried to play my game.  Compared to my last laptop that had a NVIDIA GeForce 8400M GS, the textures rezzed noticeably faster.  That made me happy.  But then I would get one of those aforementioned error messages which would crash my game.  When the game crashed, it did not shut out right away.  It just hanged there with a 'Not Responding' message.  I had to manually click the close box at the top right.  Also, the error messages kept flooding the screen.  I'd close it and another one would open again.  If I did nothing, it would just open up one after another.  If I tried to close them, they would still keep opening.  The error messages would not go away.  Also, I could not start up the game again.  I thought that maybe the game was still running in the background, so I tried to manually close the game from the Task Manager and that did not work.  The only way to get rid of the error messages and start the game again was to restart the computer.I experienced this a billion times (yeah I'm exaggerating on the exact number, but I want you to get the full effect of my horrible experience) everyday for a week.  I tried every fix imaginable.  I made sure that the Second Life game was running on the NVIDIA GPU by adding it to the list of 3D Programs in the NVIDIA Control Panel.  I tried changing the Power management mode from Adaptive to Prefer maximum performance.  I tried changing the desktop screen resolution.  I tried reducing the game's graphic preference to the lowest possible settings.  I tried disabling TDR.  I tried setting TDR to different numbers - 8, 60, 120, and 1,000.  I tried playing around with other TDR registry keys.  I tried changing all the other game settings in the 3D Programs menu on the NVIDIA Control Panel.  I tried installing older versions of NVIDIA driver.  I even used CCleaner and Display Driver Installer to make sure that my NVIDIA driver installs were clean.It was the most horrible experience ever.  I have a six year old Acer Aspire ZG6, 8.9" laptop, with Windows XP and an integrated Intel GMA 960 GPU that never crashed while playing Second Life.  Sure, it was slow, but I could play Second Life nonstop for as long as I wanted.  I had a HP Pavilion dv6875se laptop with Windows Vista and a NVIDIA GeForce 8400M GS GPU that also never crashed.  And yet this freaking Lenovo made me crash while playing Second Life an infinite number of times per day and I was forced to restart the computer each time, whereas on my other computers the game program just closed and I could open it back up again right away.After I returned the laptop, I found the following link where other customers experienced the same problems:[...]I have no idea what is causing this.  Is it because of the way Lenovo built their laptops?  Is it because of TDR changes in Windows 8?  Is it because of the quality of NVIDIA chips today, or that particular GT 745M, or did I just get a faulty chip or laptop?  I don't know.UPDATE: Amazon issued me a full refund and also paid for shipping to mail it back to them.  I bought a different laptop, the Acer E1-472G-6648, and it has no problems whatsoever, so it didn't have anything to do with the Windows 8.x O/S platform.In summary, BUYER BEWARE!!!