A few months ago I purchased an iMac from Amazon, my first Mac by the way. I could have not been more pleased. I am a student learning computational science and I wanted to become familiar with all the major systems: windows, Mac and Linux. I have been a frustrated Windows user for many years and was pleased with the Mac. Recently I just purchased this Macbook for mobile computing. I spend most my time away from my apartment and wanted a Mac to work on when I am on the go. This computer is perfect, the size and weight is just right for carrying around everywhere. Compared to my Windows based laptops I get over three hours of battery life, which is perfect for me.  The power of the Macbook is perfect for daily computing and basic development. The addition of the Nividia graphics cards adds a lot to photo, video and light gaming. I am also very pleased that Apple did not increase the price when they added the faster 2.13GHz chip and expanded the hard drive space. Originally I was going to purchase one of the new aluminum Macbooks just for the better performance but the recent addition of this computer changed all that. I am going to keep this review short because I wrote a longer one for the iMac I purchased.  If you need a mobile computer that is not being used for extreme gaming and extensive video editing then this computer would be perfect for you. As I mentioned it compliments my studies in programming and also allows me to work with the Adobe Web Premium bundle without a problem. Furthermore you can increase the RAM to 4 GB for about $60 from Crucial.com; they have videos to show you how, and it is not that difficult. Even though I love Amazon and usually make all my major purchases through them I will say that if you are a student you can buy this Macbook for less through Apple and receive a free ipod Touch  until September, just something to keep in mind. However, if you do not need an iPod avoid paying tax and purchase through Amazon. This is an update to my earlier review of this Macbook. I was unaware at the time I purchased this that a new less expensive Macbook Pro 13" was being released.  I really wanted one of the unibody Macbooks but because of the cost I went with this computer. However, with the release of the new Macbook Pro 13" I was able to return this computer and upgrade to the unibody. My review of this Macbook still stands and I was very happy with it but with the lower price on the new Macbook Pro coupled with the student discount that deal could not be beat! If you can afford the additional cost roughly $100 for student and $200 for non-student, I would recommend the Macbook Pro 13", you will get more bang for your buck. The white Macbook is still a good investment if you need to keep your cost below $1000.