Have had very bad experience with this product and I want to share it so you don't make the same mistake. Lenovo customer service did not deliver on this purchase.I Bought this top of line laptop in early December with 8 GB of memory and all the bells and whistles including SSD hard drive. the System arrived right before the holiday and I was heading out of town so my first chance to use it was not until early January. After setting this machine up I was very impressed with the speed and features. The machine was great. Then it failed 7 days later. It would not start up. The machine was in a docking station the whole time. After calling Lenovo and running through troubleshooting steps with them, they determined it needed to be send back.I asked them if they can just send a new one but they said no sorry we can only do that within 21 days and you have had the system 24 days (customer service failure #1). They said they would overnight a box and I would get the system back in 6 days (overnight after repair). The box took 2 days to get to my place (not a big deal). I then sent it back hoping to have the system repaired in a week. I understand that sometimes things happen and I was not holding against the product. Every Thinkpad I had ever owned was solid.Now from here the customer service spirals out of control. The system went back to Lenovo on Jan 11th. I inquired with them around the 15th to see where we were with the repair and they sent me to a web site where I was able to see it was holding for parts. I asked them what this means and how long it might be. They said they have no idea how long it takes and they have no way to get an estimate of delivery on parts. IBM handles the repair process and when I called Lenovo they referred me back to IBM. When I complained to IBM they said we will escalate to Lenovo since they have the part that IBM needs to install. I have been on the phone with various people from IBM and Lenovo and no one has been able to help me or  even taken an initiative to get a resolution. It just gets passed on. The latest update on the web is that the system is still waiting for parts. IBM escalated this to Lenovo and said I would be contacted within 48 hours.  I was not contacted.This has been a nightmare. I paid a lot of money for a laptop in early December and here it is February 5th and I have no system, no communication, and 100% lost faith in Lenovo as a company. I am now going through the process of filing a complaint with American Express and have already submitted a complaint to the Better Business Bureau. In searching the web I cam across this site which highlights how bad Lenovo's issues are. There are new complaints against the company every day.[...]Lenovo has no excuse for not following up with their customers on issues especially when they have been escalated and when promised  a follow-up within 48 hours.I loved Thinkpads up until now and I think some of my initial fears (when Lenovo bought IBM) are coming to fruition. The quality has gone down and the customer service does not exist. This is the first brand new laptop I have ever had fail within a year of purchase (and this one failed after only 7 days) and I buy a fair number of these as I am an IT tech and buy these for customers.Buyer Beware.