Although this review is 5 Stars I am going to point out that there are a few flaws with these laptops, but keep in mind, there are many positives!I'll start with the CONS;1. YOU WILL GET A TON OF C***. From everyone you know and meet, literally everyone. At first people are really excited and impressed that you have one but after the first 10 minutes they start saying things like, "You could have built one that is a lot better than that and cheaper!" Okay, that's great and all but they have no idea what they're talking about most of the time. When compared to similar custom built laptops you'll notice that Alienware is only ever no more than $200 more expensive. And that's because Alienware uses high end components and comes with features not available on custom rigs and plus you get the brand name. I wouldn't suggest bringing one of these to class unless you're ready for a battle and you know your specs.2. THEY ARE HEAVY. But that is common with gaming laptops and towers so it's not a big deal.3. IT DOESN'T COME WITH A MANUAL. If you're new to PC gaming like I was you'll wonder why you can't run games on the highest quality setting at first. You need to update your video card (which needs to be done through the manufacturers website), update everything and leave your BIOS alone for now. Mess around with it for a bit, find your ideal settings.4. THE BATTERY LIFE IS SHORT. When you're buying a gaming laptop you have to expect that you'll have a short battery life. Enough said.5. YOU'LL REALIZE HOW WEIRD PEOPLE ARE. I have no idea why but people just love to touch these things! It's really crazy, actually. They run their fingers over the keys and touch the pad and play with the Alien's eyes. It's really funny to watch how weird people get when they see one of these laptops for the first time, but after a while it gets extremely annoying.6. AND MY FAVORITE CON; Your least favorite phrase will now be, "Is that an Alienware?!" No, it's just my highly advanced toaster. The moment this question is asked be prepared to answer questions, argue about specs, and RARELY enjoy a nice conversation about mods and game performance.Now for the PROS;1. SO SO SO MUCH FUN! This laptop, this brand, is amazing! It is so powerful and cool and easy to work with. The light up keyboard is easy to program and really cool to mess with.2. IT HAS AMAZING FEATURES. When I got this laptop I did what I do with any of my new laptops, I downloaded Microsoft Security Essentials. When I was done downloading a screen popped up, "You already have this software on your system." What? Yeah, it comes preloaded with a QUALITY, FREE, virus scanner. It has a systems checkup that runs tests on EVERYTHING. It has Steam preloaded, it has an awesome camera, it has everything! If I wasn't getting this for gaming I'd get it for my Grandma because it's so easy to work with.3. GRAPHICS CARD. This graphics card is a Class 1. Which means it's top of the line, fast, amazing, beautiful, you'll want to marry it. I can run 100+ mods on Skyrim with 40 FPS. Which is really, really good. It's a $500 graphics card.4. SO VERY STURDY. This laptop is literally a brick, which isn't a bad thing. It's heavy duty and can withstand the worst temper tantrum out there. Unless you shoot it, drop it in the tub, or drive over it, this thing is going to last.5. BE VEWY QUIET, WE'RE HUNTING RABBITS. Okay, joke on my part, but really. It's so quiet! Everything about this laptop is just stealthy.6. "MOM! CAN YOU GRAB ME A BLANKET?" You will literally get no heat from this laptop. Maybe a few degrees hotter than room temperature, but that's only if you're sitting with it on your lap, running it at high power, for hours on end. It's literally cold to the touch.7. IT'S HEAVY! Okay, this one is kind of a joke but it's true! If anyone every tries to steal it from you, just hit them with it. It's sturdy enough to take the impact.8. HUGE HARD DRIVE. Remember when I said I have 100+ mods? You have 750gb worth of space, right? With Skyrim and mods installed that will only take around 25gb. Go crazy!9. WOW, IT'S FAST! Yeah, really fast. In every way shape and form. I have really terrible internet where I live and for some reason, even though I'm at the opposite end of my house from the modem, I get faster internet on this than I do on my other laptop. Obviously with 16gb of RAM/Memory it's going to be fast processing wise, but I think the internet has a magical booster or something.10. YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE! When you get this laptop you need to understand that there is a lot of learning involved. It takes a bit of time and you may hate it at first but it's completely worth it. It's so nice to work with, it feels nice, it looks nice, it runs great. It's a wonderful investment. If you take care of this thing it will last you longer than the average laptop which is only about 5 years. Maybe with one upgrade this laptop will last 10 years and still act brand new.Conclusion: Is it worth it? Yeah, it is. You get what you pay for and so much more.