I received this Toshiba Portege as an office computer when it was new on the market.  My 14-year-old son is making an attempt to take it over as a gaming computer, so I am in the search to purchase a laptop for my son at a lower price point for school and gaming.  I am writing this review because of the shortage of reviews by non-journalists or everyday people who use these products over time.  Please pay it forward.I have used a laptop every day of my working life (Compaq, Samsung, Dell, Dell, VAIO, Samsung, Dell, Toshiba  in that order...there is an ACER in there somewhere as well).  As a working laptop, this has been  a solid performer.  I find it to be lightweight and durable and good for business travel.  Because my officemates also carry this computer, I have included some of their input.  I also asked my 14-year-old son whether he felt the computer was adequate for his on-line games.  I have included his opinions.Weight:It is sufficiently lightweight that when I have a choice of ditching it and taking my Samsung tablet, or an Ipad for travel, I have usually chosen to go ahead and bring the laptop for its increased functionality.Quality: This laptop has presented no quality-control problems for me or my officemates.Keyboard and touchpad:The keyboard is what I expected once I got used to the feel of a new keyboard.  I am not a fan of the touchpad.  I find it cumbersome for really manipulating documents or presentations.Speed:My officemates and I complain about the slowness of the computer to start up.  Programs on it include Office, wordperfect, virus scan.  However, once the computer has booted, it does not have a problem in speed for work purposes.  My son felt that the speed was fine for his level of gaming.  He usually plays while connected with a group of friends via Skype.Screen:I am not a fan of the screen, as there is significant glare for working on documents.  I  need to have the screen at the correct angle to view it without glare.  In my non-gamer opinion, the problem of significant glare makes this inadequate for gaming--my son is grateful to have a computer, so he did not complain about the screen.Hubs and ports:This computer has an adequate number of adequate usb hubs (two), and an hdmi hub, which can be used to connect the computer to a larger screen.  While many new televisions come with built-in netflix and suite of apps to connect on line, I find the hdmi port helpful.  One can also insert an sd card, which I find as a helpful backup in transferring documents from computer-to-computer, or from printer-to-computer, or from camera-to-computer.  When wireless networks are down, etc,  it has worked beautifully to have one on standby held securely in the computer.Wireless and Bluetooth:I find the bluetooth to be cumbersome enough that it is my preference to use non-bluetooth devices with this computer.  This is not a problem for me, as either I have adapted, or bluetooth wasn't the best solution in the first place.  The wi-fi works as it should.Battery:This battery does not overheat, and it lasts as long as it was rated when it was new.  This has not faded over time.Rating: I debated between giving this between a 3 or 4-star rating for office use because of the touchpad and screen glare.  However, because I would purchase this or request this model again (or it's update) for office use, I chose to give it a 4-star rating.  I would not purchase it for my teen for school and gaming purposes even if wished to spend at this price point for him.