I just bought my new Asus Laptop June 2 at a Best Buy.  The unit I received has slightly different specs than the one listed here however they are minimal.  The laptop I purchased has only 8gigs of RAM instead of 16 but has a 1TB Hard Drive.  Besides that it is the same machine.  However, I found it at Best Buy for 1299 instead of 1499 (which is rare because I never expect Best Buy to have the best price).  I ended up paying 1566 after 5% tax but that included two year comprehensive warranty, Microsoft office, and two years of antivirus which I couldn't pass up.  I went straight home to try it out and so far I am impressed.  The unit looks beautiful with the matte screen and the fingerprint resistant finish.  The resolution is stunning and the backlit keyboard is solid. (though the keys feel a bit cheap I am not at all concerned)As my main concern was graphics, the first thing I did was download Skyrim from Steam.  Booting up the game for the first time showed me how this unit is worth every penny.  Many reviews talk generally about the graphics of their system but at the end of the day, I want to be able to say how it handles specific games.  That being said, Skyrim looks FANTASTIC.  I played it on my xbox360 in HD and the performance on this laptop makes the 360 version look like its from the 90's.  The lighting effects, graphical details, and resolution are all amazing and the smooth framerate blew me away.  I couldn't believe how well it was rendering the dense foliage and textures without missing a beat.  I am confident this baby will run anything I throw at it for years to come.  I also noticed that getting my music onto ITunes was fast as well.  On my old computers, uploading hundreds of files into the program often caused it to crash and took hours.  I got all my music up in a matter of minutes.One thing I did notice was the vibrations of the DVD drive when it is reading a disk.  I didn't worry at all but you always prefer quiet disk drives.  As I don't plan on using much media from DVD/CD's the concern is minimal.  Also the sound quality is rich and there seems to be a built in sub woofer but the volume doesn't quite reach loud enough for my tastes.  However, I have external speakers whenever I really need great volume so this is another non issue for me.  I have yet to find any real cons to this system yet although I have only had it for a day.The computer runs very quiet and looks like a professional/nerdy mix of materials and design.  I would also like to emphasize that I did lots of research before arriving at this laptop.  I found that it had minimal negative reviews with many good ones that matched my graphical expectations and price point.  While some people may complain about the hefty size of the computer or the large AC adapter brick that accompanies the unit, you must remember that this is a desktop replacement gaming laptop and it serves its role admirably.  I would strongly recommend this laptop to anyone looking for a gaming powerhouse laptop without breaking the bank and is willing to sacrifice portability for power.**Update**I bought a SanDisk 120 GIG SSD on Amazon and went to Best Buy to let them install it.  The warrenty I purchased covered the instalation and migration of the OS to the SSD.  It took them three days to complete the job and I now have both hard drives in the machine: the 120SSD and the 1Terabyte 5400RMP-HHD.  I have to say it was a great idea to upgrade.  My computer boots in 20 seconds (as oppsed to about 60 before)I was able to load saves in Skyrim in five second as opposed to 10-15 seconds.  This is as fast as I have ever seen a computer run.  I store all OS related files and programs as well as games on the SSD and my music, docs, and movies on the HHD.  The people at best buy did remove the recovery partition, but I can take it back if something happens.  I highly reccomend doing a similar upgrade if you have an in store warrenty or if you know how to do it yourself.