I am an experienced computer user that has been using PCs since grad school in the mid 1980s. I remember passing on buying one of the early Macintoshes via the student discount and using an IBM AT or Korean Leading Edge PC to write many of my papers in one of my universities' "computer clusters".I've had good PCs at work, but again, the hair on the dog gets pretty long when the upgrade cycle for your machine is 24-36 months, by the time you get past the 18 month mark, your machine starts slowing down from IT patches and software upgrades...As far as my personal life goes, I've always lived on the trailing edge of technology as far as computers go, and stuck with PCs even though I experimented with OSes - I've tried Linux, and I stuck with OS/2 until IBM gave up on it when it released the Warp version.My first personal PC was a PS/1, and then I had a clone box that I swapped out the MOB 1x... when that died, I got a cheap Compaq/HP laptop that started blank/blue-screening < 1 year (I only paid $400 for it). I replaced that with a Toshiba Satellite Vista laptop, again around the same price, and less than 6 months or so similar issues - sticking keys, having to constantly download OS and software patches, mysterious system lockups that required hard reboots, USB devices disappearing and not being recognized for no good reason...I've also spent 1000s on software and hardware upgrades during all of the years I've owned PCs.Anyway, as an avid music listener/musician, I've had an iPod since 2007, and absolutely love it, and when the Toshiba started electronically farting with stuck keys, I thought "Why not Apple?" Yes, its more expensive, but you get what you pay for, and I've been very pleased with this machine. Quality just permeats the product. It boots and shuts down much faster than a PC, and seems fairly crash proof. There are differences in the way you do stuff in Windows vs. MacOS, and those take a little getting used to. I definitely think the MacOS handles music (I also bought the machine for Garage Band and I use a third party software called Band in a Box) and media much much better than Windows does.We'll see about reliability issues, but so many of the Mac users I talked to noted they'd had their machines for years and they were still going strong, and Macs actually still fetch decent used prices on eBay, that says a lot right there, whereas you can't give a used laptop or PC away. I figured why not drop $1500, because if the machine lasts more than 3 years, that's about what I'd be spending on a new laptop on a year basis ($500+$500+$500) with all of the aggravations of moving files, software, etc. built in.If you are coming over from Windows, you are going to love not having to screw with USB drivers anymore to have your devices recognized...