I had a Samsung Netbook with the Atom processor that was driving me nuts how slow it was. A good computer for $350, but too slow for my needs doing mostly internet browsing, the processor was always maxed out. This Thinkpad is so fast, much faster then my other 3 computers including a Dell, another older Thinkpad 400 and a HP desktop.For example, to load CNN.com on my old Samsung, it took about 7 seconds, this takes about 1 second. I have Comcast wireless with 50Mbps speed and I get 45Mbps download on this. The dual core processor is very fast for all tasks. The Thinkpad came loaded with Windows 7 Professional, since Im a new to Windows 7 (use Xp on other 3 computers) it has been a learning curve, but I am starting to like it. I found many ways to make it look and feel more like my XP so I am getting more comfortable.Back to the Thinkpad, there are some that criticize the trackpad. I found I had to customize it to stretch out the edge that it uses for detecting movement, that helped a lot as otherwise, I was finding errant selections to happen. It took me an hour or so to play around with the choices, but now it works great and is as good as any laptops pad. The keyboard is amazing also. I really like the light that you can turn on that illuminates the keyboard for working at night in low lights.As for battery, it probably does get about 7-9 hours, but I have the backlit contrast turned all the way up which reduces mine to about 6 hours, anything better then 4 I consider good anyways. As for the screen, it is amazing, so much better then my old netbook. The sound could be better, but I like the volume and on-off buttons on the keyboard that are dedicated to the sound. My old Netbook was a bit lighter, but this is still a notebook weight, but with a full laptop speed (minus a DVD drive), and more, believe me this is a screaming fast machine, amazaing is all I can say.I had some issues with my Symantec Internet Security not fully working, found out that I had to run Internet Explorer 9 in 32 bit mode, not 64, not an issue at all and a call to Symantec took me 2 minutes to change that. The PG UP and PG DN are at the top right, I like them on the lower right of the keyboard so I remapped two keys that are at the lower bottom to move forward and back on web pages, to now be the Pg UP and PG DN keys, it was a freeware program and I love now. The delete key is also in the upper right, but it is a double sized key so I like it now that I am used to it. When I am working and want to put it in sleep mode, I just press the on-off button and it goes right into sleep mode, pressing it again later, it comes back on within 5 seconds, then about 10 seconds more to reconnect to my wireless, very nice.If you want a Netbook sized and weight computer that is more powerful then most laptops and desktops, this is the computer. I did a ton of research and even though this is much more expensive, consider you are getting a full computer with a dual core processor. I ended up getting the 4Gb model and bought another 4Gb (8 total) from Crucial that took me less then 3 minutes to install. If you can afford the higher price, buy this, you won't be sorry as I am extatic about this little lightening fast computer.