I'm attending The University of Phoenix and I needed a laptop to stay on top of class and assignments when I go out of town.  It had to have some decent specs at a low price and this one fit the bill nicely.  I bought the i3 version.I don't understand why all these people have trouble with ASUS quality.  I own several ASUS products now including motherboards for some home build desktops and I've never had a single problem with any of them.  This laptop is no exception.  At least for me....so far.There are only a couple things I could gripe about this laptop.  One is they should have added a second 4GB RAM stick for a total of 8.  And the HDD could be at least a 7200RPM drive.  Generally the higher RPM, the quicker the drive.  The worst bottleneck for any system is the data transfer rate from the HDD.  I installed a Corsair SSD in my desktop and everything loads in seconds, including windows boot time.  I guess you can't expect more RAM and an SSD in a notbook PC for under 500 bucks though (if only a Zenbook were under 500 bucks).  You might want a pair of headphones too for when you want to watch a DVD or listen to some music.I spent the extra 20 bucks on a RAM stick, 20 bucks on a Logitech wireless mouse (I hate touchpads), and 20 bucks on a case.Kingston ValueRam 4GB PC3-10600 L9 204-Pin SODIMM Notebook Memory KVR1333D3S9/4GLogitech M305 Wireless Mouse (Silver)Case Logic VNA-216 16-Inch Laptop Attache (Black)After I installed the second 4GB RAM stick, Windows Experience Index (for those who are curious) for the RAM jumped from 5.9 to 7.3.  Like E.Brown stated in his review, the process for adding the RAM takes 5 minutes tops.  Short tutorials can be found on youtube.ASUS's included Power4Gear Hybrid power management software is nice for conserving the battery.  I got the battery to last just shy of 6 hours while I was writing a paper and surfing the web.  It does slow down the speed of the internet in battery save mode though.  But not horribly bad.  Speaking of included software,  There isn't much preloaded software at all (a new smartphone has about 10 times more).  Anything you don't want or need you can just uninstall it.This thing is silent.  I can't even hear the HDD spin at all.  The optical drive is pretty loud but that's normal.  Overall this is a great budget, all-a-round, general purpose notebook.Oh one more thing.  Make sure you have six blank DVD-R disks.  The package doesn't contain a factory recovery disk so you are prompted to create your own.  The process took an hour and 45 minutes but you'll be happy you spent the time if you ever have a critical system error.I'll update this review if any issues arise but so far I couldn't be happier with my purchase.::EDIT::7/1/2012::I just notice one more thing that is a minor bummer:  There is no eSATA port for hooking up an external HDD.  Personally, I like to almost exclusively use eSATA for quicker and safer data transfer but USB 3.0 is pretty fast so it's not a big deal at all!