This thing is a huge step up over the previous Acer's that my brother and father have owned. The processor is sufficiently quick for my needs (student), and the size is great. Screen resolution is nice, and the bright colors of the new OS pop a little more with this display than the old acers (I'm doing a side by side comparison). I could carry it easily in one hand while walking to class. The biggest drawback is battery life, but I'll look into upgrading the battery if it starts to bug me. Boot time is blazing on this thing, especially if you only close the screen instead of powering down every time you're not using it. The laptop takes only 2 seconds to come out of hibernation after clicking the power button. The added spacing and indentation between the keys makes the keyboard much more functional than on previous acers, and the touchscreen is easy to use. On that note, I have absolutely no idea how all the buffoons out there can go around claiming that W8 is confusing or tricky. Within 10 minutes of using the new OS for the first time, I was having few difficulties and could move a little faster than I used to on W7. Obviously the biggest advantages to the touchscreen and new functionality come with the apps designed for those features (as opposed to legacy apps), but that should go without saying.Now, without further ado, I will solve the million dollar "I can't live without my start button" issue in three easy steps:1. From ANY, I repeat, ANY app or screen in the desktop view: Swipe in from any side of the screen (corner touch with mouse) and click start, or just click the mouse in bottom left corner.2. Swipe up from the bottom while in "metro" aka start view.3. Click "All Apps". BAM! You have the all program menu, just like in the good old days.And now a few observations about that process:1. The steps above took me a comparable amount of time to what it would take to pull up the programs menu in W7, but Win8 is actually the quicker option if I began from an app in metro view and didn't need step 1.2. The new "All apps" menu is much easier to use than the old "All programs" scroll bar. If I pinch the screen to zoom out, it pulls up an alphabet that I can use to pick apps by their first letter should I ever have problems finding one. There is also the same search button that pops up in w7 after clicking start.3. It took me all of five minutes to figure these things out, and I've never even touched a Win8 PC before.4. There is probably a quicker way to do that, but I haven't gotten around to watching the tutorial on windows 8 yet.Point is, if you can handle a smartphone, Win8 (and this pc) should be a piece of cake for you.