I wanted to try some mid-level gaming and that is why I chose the Y410p. Considering the specs and the features you get for the price, this machine is in a class all by itself. Similar builds at HP and Dell can easily run for $200-$300 more. I actually had to send my first model back and this is why: When i got my first model, the first thing I did was downgrade to Windows 7 because i had read bad things about Windows 8 and didn't like the new interface. Windows 7 actually ran pretty great but there were a few bugs and some problems with the drivers. I could tell that this machine was built to run with Windows 8. I contacted Lenovo Support, who were very helpful. I told them that my laptop wasn't working properly and I wanted a new one. They sent out a new one the next business day and I was able to keep using the one I had until the new one arrived. With the new model, I stuck with Windows 8 and it's been pretty good. I found a way to disable the new UI and stick with the classic Desktop mode.This laptop actually does a great job with gaming, I play Battlefield 3 and Medal of Honor on high settings and you can max out the settings on most games. Backlit keyboard is very nice as well. The only complaints i have deal with the keyboard and touchpad. Simply put, the touchpad is terrible. It is designed like the apple macbook touchpad but is not anywhere near as responsive or effective. It's just something u have to get used to. Also, some of the keyboard keys such as Enter, Backspace and Shift are smaller than standard size and this also takes getting used to. I've had this laptop for 3 weeks and still mess up sometimes.Overall its a really good laptop but it has some minor design flaws.UPDATE:OK, so it's been about 2 months now since I've had the laptop and I'm sticking with what I said. Besides the minor annoyances of the touchpad and keyboard, everything is great. Another thing i forgot to mention that the laptop is great cooling wise. I always have my laptop sitting on a fan but I don't even turn the fan on anymore, the laptop does a great job of keeping cool. Only when I'm gaming do I even notice any hot air and even then, the built in fan in the laptop pushes it all out from the left side of the laptop.UPDATE #2:My laptop crashed and I had to reset it to factory settings. I called tech support and they were super helpful, plus it was SUPER EASY to fix the laptop. They have a feature built into the laptop with a button the side that you can press and it will reset the laptop to factory settings really quickly. You lose all the files and data that you have saved but it gives you a fresh laptop. Really helpful feature.