Alright folks, I just bought my first chromebook after hours and hours of searching for the one with the best specs for the cheapest price. And here we are!I am not really much of a laptop guy, I have a ridiculously expensive pc, with a filco cherry brown mx keyboard, and gaming mice, etc. So why did I decide to buy a chromebook? Well, I am a student, and I didn't want to go home after class every single day just to do hw or wait for class (and god knows, I won't study once im in that gaming environment i created). So I looked to find a way to help me stay focused - at school. And bam, a fast pc that cant play games but can work very well on the browser. And furthermore, google made it! Expecting quality out of em.And quality I received. Everything I love about this except for a few minor thingsGoogle Slides is trashcan for viewing microsoft PPTs. It is always in some shape or form corrupted. Not even worth my time. So I recommend having a power house computer at home. What I did was download the app Chrome Remote Desktop, and Set it up to my desktop at home. Then, if i need to look at ppts for class, i simply sync to my computer at home, and download the ppts and view them. It's pretty witty i gotta say. But anyhow, The screen is pretty small imo, but its workable once you get used to it (2-3 days) And the keyboard is hard to get used to for the first 2 days or so. I just played a bunch of typing games for an hour or so and went form 60 wpm back to my avg of 90 wpm. Definitely a good keyboard once you get used to it. The trackpad is a bit rough at first. Felt a great deal of friction at first, but once you use it enough, your hand oils will seep into it and make it smoother and easier to use. Trust me.Also, before buying this, spend some time learning to use google docs. Since switching over is a big change. Also, i dont like the Search function instead of Caps Lock, thank god you can change it. So I did. Im worried about it getting scratched, so i bought a cover case, "Aqua iPearl mCover Hard Shell Case for 11.6" Acer C720 C720P series ChromeBook Laptop" It looks really nice with it on too. Plus, it has 2 lifters on the bottom of the case so you can elevate your chromebook as a whole to type if you prefer.Fast load time. Easy to use. Great machine. Tbh, it's very fun because of how interestingly new this concept is to try to put on for a laptop.Tl;DrBest specs for cheap chromebook, Fast, L2Use Google Docs b4 buying, Use Chrome Remote Desktop to use your actual computer away from home, invest in a case.EDIT: 1 Month LaterMy problem with viewing ppts was solved after i found out using google drive viewer instead.I love google docs now, been using the google cloud system a lot more now that I can really use it and take it with me everywhere. The keyboard is pretty good, i get about 89-104 wpm on it, and on my filco cherry mx ninja majestouch 2, i get about the same.I am very glad I bought a case for my c720, because I can already see all the scratches on it even though all I have been doing is putting it in my backpack. I just wish the screen was a bit bigger, not really used to it. Just gives off the "secondary" computer vibe. IF it had a bigger screen, I'd give this a perfect score. Prob just a 4.5/5 so far.And compared to the pixel, this machine is the closest you are going to get for a budget price. The pixel is cool, but I am sure something else will come out better than it.