I was originally going to buy a different laptop, an asus 13.3" core i3, 4gb ram, 320gb hard drive but after considering for a few days, when i went to buy it the price had gone up $60! So i was kinda bummed, then i clicked the similar items thingy on amazon, and saw this samsung for the same price i was going to pay for the asus, but a 14" screen, i5 and 500gb hard drive, so slightly better specs for the same price. I own a samsung Galaxy s, and have been impressed with the quality, and also when i bought my last laptop, i was checking out a samsung next to it, and almost bought that then, but went with an asus last time because of a 2 year internationl warranty, so i remembered the feeling of quality when i was considering this one. So i checked out lots of reviews, called samsung and confirmed that this has an international warranty (although only 1 year vs. 2 year on asus) actually, they told me that all their technology products have an international warranty, and on the info sticker on the laptop it says international warranty as one of the marketing points, although its not mentioned here on amazon. (i travel a lot so its important to me)So what i can tell you guys is that is a really awesome laptop. The keyboard is a joy, really nice to type on, 100s of times better than the generic crap you find on your run of the mill dells etc. i love the seperation between the keys.my last laptop had and core 2 duo 9400 running at 2.4ghz, and this is defintely a bit snapier and faster. it has ddr3 type ram so im sure that helps.samsung manufacture their own lcds, and this screen is really nice and bright and clear. and it looks super sexy with its edge to edge glass, and makes it easy to clean when you get your retards coming up and poking your screen (what the hell is with people anyway?) i dont get paranoid that im going to damage the lcd, because its not the lcd directly that im rubbing with a cloth.im always plugged in really, so i cant comment on battery life, but samsung include a utilty to keep the max charge to 80% should u choose, which apparently increases battery life.some have complained about the touch pad, i guess when you compare it to the massive glass ones you get on an apple it is small, but its pretty average for a pc, and fine for me. it recoginses multi touch gestures, which isnt mentioned here either, and that is way cool too. scroll documents and the web with 2 finger swipes, browse your pics with 3 fingers, pinch to zoom, rotate. pretty cool stuff.the over all feel and apperance of the laptop is of real quality. it looks nice, it feels nice and it does everything with a nice speedy snappy feel. I ran the adobe cs5 suite all just to see how it rendered pics etc, and its smooth, fast, sexy baby!Also, just to see if it could, im playing left for dead 2 on it at max resolution, and some other settings at medium approx, and its smooth and fun and very playable. i plan to see if i can run call of duty black ops on it, im hopeful!Im really happy with the 14" screen. its so much nicer than having a run of the mill 15.6", its dainty, delicate, utilitarian. my last laptop was a 17" beast, and when i put this in the 14" bag i got, i feel all warm inside thinking how clever i am for getting such a portable pc, and it feels really light!So if you're wondering, i say buy it, you wont be sorry. as nike says, just do it!