I've had this laptop for about a week now and have generally been happy with it, though with a couple of caveats. First impression on unboxing: this thing is HUGE! It's both large and heavy, neither of which particularly bothers me (and of course, I saw the 9.9lb weight going in). Next, ergonomics: with the weird games that other manufacturers are playing with laptop keyboards right now, it's refreshing to see one that touches smoothly and ergonomically. It's still not as comfortable as my desktop keyboard, but I can at least see myself coding away for days at a time (as is my wont) without developing carpal tunnel syndrome.The keyboard includes a separate set of arrow keys in the standard shape used on desktops, which makes me very happy, as I use these keys very often.The external finish is kind of blocky, but when you open it up, it's gorgeous, with a very nice brushed aluminum look that unfortunately smudges very easily. As the other poster said, you're going to get fingerprints on it; it's inevitable. Heck, it even smudges on its own when it gets a little bit humid out. This laptop has a matte display, which I find does a much better job of reducing glare than my previous glossy laptop display, at the expense of gamut width (nevertheless, I was able to get a ~90% overlap with sRGB on mine, so it's not bad). There does seem to be a minor issue with the refresh rate of the display: it seems just a tad off of 60Hz, as refreshes are very slightly visible against solid colors (dark gray in particular). This seems to be accentuated when the backlight is dim and is much less noticeable when the laptop is plugged in and the backlight is at full brightness. This is something that I can live with; you might consider it more serious if you're particularly prone to eyestrain. Make sure to uninstall the bundled Splendid software if you have color issues, as it had a detrimental effect on color for me which was resolved by removing it.Performance-wise, this thing is a beast, limited primarily by its 5400 RPM hard drive. Which brings me to one of the reasons why I purchased this particular laptop (incurring the weight and bulk): it has two 2.5" hard drive bays. I loaded an SSD (Crucial m500) into the 2nd bay and it found it without a problem. I haven't tried it yet, but copying the OS over to the SSD and using the old HD as a backup drive should result in a *substantial* performance improvement, as the hard drive was the primary bottleneck.The graphics card isn't quite up to desktop levels either (but then, laptops seldom are), but it's quite capable of running most of today's games. It's also CUDA-enabled, so I can run Fast Fourier Transforms on it to my heart's content.Power consumption is quite good considering the specs, an area where the Haswell processor clearly makes a difference. I can get about 4-5 hours of use from a full charge. I haven't noticed a substantial boost in raw computing power over Ivy Bridge just yet, but I haven't yet challenged the limits of this machine.The DVD-ROM drive is nothing special, and I may simply replace it with the Blu-ray recorder from my previous laptop. This seems a larger trend right now - the last 5 years have seen a regression in optical drives, as USB flash memory is becoming more and more popular. Speaking of that, this laptop has a built in SD card reader.If you want to get on the cutting edge of Wifi, this also has an 802.11ac network adapter, so you're all ready.Overall, I'm rather pleased with the laptop - the slow drive speed and minor display refresh problems being the primary drawbacks. I would recommend it.