I'm a professional writer working on my twelfth novel.  The dream of a second computer as portable as a pad of paper was just too tempting, and I ordered the Samsung Chromebook after Christmas.  Demand is high.  There was a brief delay in delivery.  But the Chromebook arrived on a Thursday, and as promised, it proved to be a very eager machine.The set up was simple and quick.  Google had me synched and flying in minutes.  The screen seemed dim, but I expected that from the reviews.  The keyboard had a good feel.  The touch pad was better than most.  (There wasn't a lot of cursing time.)  But my wireless mouse was slow and sloppy.  So I bought a bluetooth mouse and found the same problem, which meant another trip to the store to get my money back.  A little wired mouse proved good enough, and over the weekend I began settling into my new life as a roving, coffee-infused author.I've been working more and more with Google Docs.  My old laptop has no major problems handling novel-length files, and while there are quirks and kinks with Docs, I love the idea of backing up my ideas while avoiding Microsoft Word.  But the Chromebook wasn't thrilled with files of 80 and 90 thousand words.  Loading was slow.  Navigation was very slow.  Also bothersome was how the cursor didn't quite line up with the words, always hanging a little below.  And worse, that sweet keyboard let me type quickly--too quickly, since the text on the screen was always a couple seconds behind.This wasn't going to end the experiment, but I was seeing troubles with my data.Reviewers love to talk about the "ecosystems" of various tech giant.  I like some of Google's options.  Google Play, for instance.  But when it comes to apps, and with movies that can be bought...well, Google doesn't have an ecosystem so much as a weed patch.Again, none of this was causing me soul-searing grief.  It was just bothersome.But then on Sunday night--again, my Chromebook arrived on Thursday--the touch pad quit working.  The tiny plug-in mouse still functioned, but not the touch pad.  I turned off the Chromebook and rebooted.  I did that twice.  (The machine is wonderfully quick, coming back from the dead.)  But the pad remained comatose.  A quick googling for help, and I instantly learned that I wasn't the only customer who had discovered this tendency.I decided to return the machine, printing out the Amazon labels while I started hunting for a replacement.  I ordered one of the last ultrabooks running with Windows 7.  More money by a lot, but that's a short term expense.  $249 dollars is a lot of cash if the toy breaks in four days, or even in a year and four days.Obviously these problems will be solved someday, what with updated software and design changes.  But my book is due in April, and I can't wait.A final note:  The next morning, I turned on the Chromebook to wipe it back to its factory settings.  And the touch pad was working again.Google is a mysterious deity.