The Acer C720 is the perfect laptop for students. I just bought this chromebook from Best Buy primarily because I wanted something light and compact to carry around campus. I have a Windows laptop that's fully loaded with a SSD, Core i7, 8gb ram, etc. All of that is fast but my laptop weights nearly 7 pounds and honestly those specs are overkill for what I need. I'm a biochem major so I don't need fancy AutoCAD or photoshop programs. All I need is document editing, browser, and a PDF viewer.The first thing I tried once I bought this little guy was opening up my PDF textbooks. I put the text books on my flashdrive, transferred them to the onboard storage and it worked! The textbooks open up offline in Chromes PDF viewer. It's brilliant! That was my main concern. I uploaded my entire iTunes library (about 4,000 songs) on to Google Music. It took several hours to upload but now I have all of my music on the cloud and it's ALWAYS with me. Yes, you will need an internet connection to listen to it but my campus has wifi everywhere. I even get connection outside between buildings.In terms of hardware, this chromebook is much thinner in person than it appears in the pictures. It is also quite a bit smaller than I was expecting but that's not a bad thing. The keyboard is slightly smaller than I would like and the keys are extremely shallow. It doesn't bother me but it'll take me a little bit to get used to. People have been saying that the trackpad is loose but I don't find that the case. I actually find it rather pleasant to use and it has many gestures that come on Apple computers. The screen is awesome on this. Sure it's not an IPS but this matte display has ample brightness, clarity, and size. I quite enjoy it. The speakers were surprising. I was expecting something sub par but for a $199 laptop, they really deliver. The bass could be stronger but I think they sound nice as they are. Lastly, the batter is awesome! The computer had no charge when I got it but it took less than an hour to charge to 100% once I plugged it in. When I unplugged it, it should 9:42 till empty! WOW! That's with two tabs open.For those wondering how the 2gb compares to the 4gb, I've got to say that the 4gb is overkill unless you open more than 30 tabs some of which are all playing video at the same time. Who does that though? I typically have 4-5 open. Occasionally, I could get up to 10 but that doesn't slow this machine down at all. I'm glad I went with the 2gb as I would never find use for the extra 2 gb of ram.This is definitely a great buy. I was really hesitant for about a month. I just couldn't decide but with Best Buys holiday return policy, I decided to give it a try. I definitely will not be returning this. In fact, I think I will be using this way more than my Windows laptop.