What a major led down.  I saw mostly rave reviews here and decided to give it a try.  There's really no point to go into the positives if the most basic functions like the keyboard and mouse pad are not usable.Keyboard:I read about the potential "getting used to" on the keyboard but didn't realize it's that bad.  Certain keys would not register UNLESS you have to be precise on the where your fingers land on the keys.  This seems to affect certain keys on the keyboard.  So imagine if you're a fast typist like me and constantly second guessing yourself on which key you hit and or you will need to constantly go back to correct yourself.  This is just insane. If you havfe carpal tunnel syndrome don't even consider this laptop. The keyboard was so bad that I had write this review on my desktop, it was just that frustrating.Mouse Pad:The mouse pad is a single piece design and it's integrated with the left and right button.  The problem is that it's big enough where you accident hit the right side and right click appears accidentally.  Seems to be better with the tap click featured disabled but it's not really a true solution. Also, mouse clicks is not as sensitive as it should be so you need to press harder.  I found highlighting text very difficult and you have pay extra attention to get the job done.Other issues (not a showstopper but I personally didn't' like)Build QualityThe build quality is on the cheap side, so look like an Apple Mac Air it's certainly doesn't feel like one.  The case shell feels more plastic than alloy. If you seen the Mac Air you can easily feel the difference.  Granted the Air book is about double the price of this ultrabook so just want to clear up some expectation.Screen resolutionDepending on what you used in the past this may or may not be a problem for you.  At first I thought the resolution won't be an issue since it's a smaller 13.3" inch screen and found the display space is not adequate for my needs using the native resolution/lcd size combo.Screen viewing angleIt seems like I have play with the view angle on this laptop more to get it right otherwise it's appears to be washed out towards the bottom of the screen.  This is annoying since it's not the normal viewing angle and you have to push the LCD more back to get it right.Sound systemIs this just a gimmick with this "Professional" tuned Beat Audio thing?  I found the sound horrible almost sounding like mono.  I have a 5 year Lenovo T61 with better audio.  Perhaps this is due to the fact the the speakers are at the bottom of the laptop which makes it sound muffled.  This is also a horrible place to place the speakers.  Why not place facing you at the LCD?I paid $599 for a refurb shipped.  I would probably kept it if it weren't' for the keyboard and keypad.  This is the basics for any computer, how could Acer screw this up (so bad)?