When it comes to laptops, I'm at a point in my career when I am no longer willing to compromise in terms of performance and style. That mindset costs me a little more in terms of the purchase price of a new machine, but when I consider that I usually keep a laptop a minimum of two years, then the premium I pay for a truly state-of-the-art laptop like the Toshiba KIRAbook 13 is about $1 a day more than a model with weaker specs and FAR less style. To me, that's the definition of "affordable luxury" and given how many hours of use my laptop gets, it's well worth it.I had an opportunity to test both KIRAbook 13 touchscreen models--the i5 and the i7--before deciding which one to go with. On paper, the differences are negligible. The KIRAbook 13 i5 has a 3rd gen Intel i5 processor and the regular version of Windows 8. The KIRAbook 13 i7 has a 3rd gen Intel i7 processor and Windows 8 Pro. If you're not hung up on processor specs, or need the few incremental features of Windows 8 Pro, then save yourself $200 and go with the quite-capable i5 model.My testing involved a number of real-world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis--the Microsoft Office 2013 suite, the Adobe CS6 suite (InDesign, Illustrator, Lightroom 4, and Photoshop primarily), and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs. I also did a lot of testing of media files like streaming video, downloaded 1080p video files, super-high-resolution graphics files, and streaming radio and music. The media tests gave me a good idea of graphics throughput and the ability of the large 256Gb SSD to perform when massive amounts of data were being written to the disk. The final set of tests were benchmark tests designed to see how well the hardware performed in real life vs. rated speeds published by the manufacturers of specific components.I'm not a big fan of wordy, highly technical performance reviews like the ones you might find on Tom's Hardware, so here's what I learned - in plain English:Processor performance: The i7 is definitely faster in terms of the benchmark scores, but the real-world difference is negligible unless you're using industrial strength software like Photoshop or InDesign. Those programs are going to tax any processor, and you will definitely notice a meaningful speed boost when you're driving the i7 KIRAbook. For me, that kind of performance bump alone is worth the extra $200.SSD performance: Incredible. The KIRAbook throughput is faster than any SSD-based machine I have used, and is as good as anything on the market. Boot time is awesome, as is awake from sleep (one word: instantaneous).Graphics performance: Also incredible. The Toshiba KIRAbook has the highest resolution display of ANY Windows laptop and it is absolutely STUNNING! Anybody who works with spreadsheets or programs with tons of toolbars (like the Adobe CS6 applications) will LOVE the expansive real estate you get with that display. Watching a movie is a joy, as well, and I would offer that once you've experienced a 1080p movie on the KIRAbook display, you will absolutely hate having to watch one on any other laptop.In terms of head-to-head testing, the machines are nearly identical in every meaningful way. The i7 is faster in certain applications, and Windows 8 Pro does have legitimate incremental value for power users and those who work in corporate environments. Aside from that, the two machines are identical twins.For me, the real test wasn't i7 machine vs. i5 machine, it was Toshiba KIRAbook vs. the competition. I have a background in graphic design and product development, and how a machine looks and feels is as important as what's under the hood--sometimes more so. Toshiba really nailed the design of the KIRAbook. Sure, it's as light as a feather compared to most laptops AND ultrabooks, but I'm not as concerned about engineering feats as I am about what the machine feels like in my hands, and how it looks on a conference room table next to my colleagues' machines. In this regard, the KIRAbook kicked a**. No matter where I used one of these laptops, people would come up and want to see it and try it--particularly that Retina-quality touchscreen. I love it when a device I own elicits a response like that, and I can assure you that that alone is worth the extra $1 a day it will cost you to own the sexiest computing device on the market.The Toshiba KIRAbook 13 i5 and i7 models are BOTH fantastic performers and genuine head turners. Want one? Go for it!