I purchased my Twist after looking at the Samsung Ativ Smart PC 500T.  Both offer interesting approaches to the tablet/laptop hybrid at similar prices.  I purchased my Lenovo on sale for $848 after tax, while the Samsung is $750 on Amazon.  I decided on the Lenovo because A) it was available locally, and B) I wasn't sure if I wanted to lug around the keyboard dock on the Samsung, and it wasn't useable as a tablet with it attached.  I have used HP elitebooks at work before so I knew how the Lenovo's hinge mechanism worked, and decided that was the better alternative for me.  The Lenovo also offers the advantage in that it has a far more powerful Intel i5 CPU, while the 500T only comes with the Intel Atom Z2760.  Both are dual cores at I believe 1.7GHz, and while I have not had a chance to use a device with this new atom I think it's safe to say the i5 is much more powerful (CPUBenchmark.net gives the i5 3317U a score of 3,211 vs 679 for the Atom Z2760.  A side note, the 500T's big brother, the 700T, comes with the same i5 3317U CPU as the Lenovo Twist.This CPU is a huge advantage as it is pretty powerful for a laptop, but still runs very cool.  I installed core temp and did the WEI benchmark, temps got to the mid 60's Celsius, but it never felt more than warm to touch.  I'd had a Samsung Series 3 laptop with a i3 before, and in comparison that would get scalding hot compared to the Lenovo.  Other components include an acceptable but loud 500GB @ 5400rpm hard drive, 4GB (upgradeable to a single 8GB slot) of DDR3 memory, and a 5 touch point screen that runs at a somewhat disappointing 1366x768 (720p).  Windows 8 experience index is :6.9 for processor5.9 for Memory (RAM)4.4 for graphics (Intel HD4000)6.1 for gaming graphics5.9 for hard driveThe powerful CPU is definitely a plus, but to be honest the screen resolution is a little disappointing.  The 700T offers full 1080p at 1980x1080 resolution.  It'd be nice if the Lenovo at least offered 1600x900 as it is a ThinkPad which indicates its aimed towards business users.  As mentioned before the hard drive is also a little loud, most of the time it isn't noticeable except when its frequently accessing the drive.  A 128gb solid state drive (also used in the Samsung 700T) would be greatly appreciated and I can't imagine would add much cost, though I am sure some would prefer the larger space over speed/lower temps/quietier advantages of the SSD.  In any case it's not too difficult to take out the old HDD and put an SSD in, same goes for upgrading the RAM to 8GB.The final complaint is in the screen, while it is responsive and works and looks nice it seems like it's a little underwhelming.  For example, even the atom powered Samsung 500T offers the 10 point touch screen with wacom digitizer and stylus.  Again, considering this is a business laptop, I think the Lenovo could benefit from this.  Looking at the $300 premium of the 700T, maybe it's not worth the extra price to have an SSD, digitizer, and 1080p screen - but I doubt it'd really cost that much to add this hardware to the Twist.  Afterall, the Samsung 700T is cramming all that PC hardware into the screen as the keyboard area is just an attachable dock, while Lenovo has the whole body to basically work around with.  That said, I'm still happy with the Twist, I guess Lenovo just got me hooked and now I'll be buying the 1080p version with digitizer when it comes out.Edit:  I noticed the IdeaPad Yoga solves most of the complaints I have about this Thinkpad, it has an SSD, higher res screen, not sure about if it's a 10 point or 5 point touch sensitive screen though.  It's also quite a bit more expensive and I'm not sure I like how it converts between a tablet and laptop.  I am surprised that an Ideapad has better hardware than a Thinkpad, a little disappointing.EDIT:  6 months in update.I am finding it a lot harder to recommend this laptop, having a touch screen is nice, but I almost never fold it back and use it as a tablet because of it's bulky size.  I'm probably a bit of a traditionalist but the Metro/Modern UI interface still seems a bit useless to me and is more of a hassle than any kind of benefit.In addition, the fan seems to be getting louder and more annoying, it kicks on and off constantly if doing anything besides simple web browsing, and it's very noticeable when I'm in my apartment or anywhere remotely quiet.  Even with just web browsing it still kicks on enough to be annoying.  I monitor temps and it stays about 45-50 Celsius when not being used much.There are a couple other features which I feel this laptop really should have, and seeing it as almost standard on equivalents is really disappointing.  Intel's WiDi would be great on this as it would allow me to project it onto a TV.  This would be an awesome HTPC replacement.  The battery life is still disappointing.  Unfortunately the alternative is getting an Atom powered convertible/tablet which has horrible performance but twice the battery life.  The screen resolution is pretty poor, at least a 1600x900 would be a huge improvement.  On a thinkpad which is designed for productivity the low resolution really hinders workflow.Since the tablet mode is not really that functional, I'd recommend the Asus Vivobook lineup.  The 11.6inch i3 Vivobook sells for under $500 and offers performance extremely close to the Lenovo Twist.  Unfortunately however, even the 14inch i5 Vivobooks still come with just a 1366x768.  If I bought again I'd have spent the extra money and gotten the Samsung 700T Convertible.  1080p screen, has WiDi, a stylus/digitizer pen, and a better battery.