About two years ago I purchased this laptop, I was very pleased with it. The external design of the laptop is very nice and simple and as of then, my only issue was the internal microphone (as noted in other reviews). The microphone's audio quality is extremely poor, too poor to make use of. I purchased a microphone on Amazon for under $3, and it worked fantastically (click here for a link to the microphone). Simply plug it into the microphone jack in front of the laptop. The touch pad is great, it's sometimes hard to navigate with though if it's extremely dry as the material doesn't seem to be very glossy. It's a little odd that the pad is indented so much, you get used to it very fast, though. The multiple USB ports are convenient. Something also very convenient is the button (right next to the power button) that disconnects and connects you to the internet. There is also a little button above the touch pad that disables and enables the touch pad.My main concern with this laptop was, after around a year of usage, the top left screw on the bottom came loose and fell out. I had no idea this had happened. I did notice some trouble plugging it in to get charged, some turbulence opening and closing the lid, and more majorly the monitor's picture: everything that was supposed to be black was green. This was very irritating so I began to use it less. At that time, this laptop became my secondary laptop so I didn't really look into getting it fixed. I began to use it a little more often and after time, the bottom left cracked, separating it from the top and exposing the inside. After a while, the picture got worse and worse until eventually, it went black entirely. After doing some searching on the internet about my problem, I came to the conclusion that the screw coming loose eventually caused the monitor to get disconnected inside. I knew someone else who had this same laptop and after a while, his laptop's picture worsened and eventually, the back came off and it cracked in various places. His picture quality did not resemble mine, his may have been due to exposure to moisture after the seal was broken as a result of the screw coming loose.Good warning signs to look out for are (as I stated above) minor or major turbulence opening and closing your laptop's lid, depreciation in picture quality, and when plugging in your laptop, it feels as if it's loosened inside. If you realize the screw's come loose on yours, simply take it to be repaired or you could fix the screw yourself (that size of screw is a little tricky to find).One more problem is the charger that comes with the laptop. The part where it gets plugged into the laptop breaks off too easily inside the cord. I had to replace it twice, trying out different chargers from Amazon as HP would only allow me to replace the cord for free under warranty once and the price for the cord from HP is ridiculously high. Many of the cords on Amazon are very cheap and don't work. However, the one I'm using now I've had for months and it works great, perhaps even better quality than HP's, besides a little interference now and then with my TV.Overall, the laptop is a great deal, reliable, and very enjoyable, just note the microphone problems and watch out for the screw and the charger.