I switched to the Acer C720 Chromebook (2GB RAM) after spending most of my life on Windows PCs and laptops. At first, the switch was weird, as it would be for anyone in any situation where one uses an unfamiliar device. But once I figured out how to utilize and customize the Chrome OS to my liking, I've become a very happy Chromebook user.After I set everything up to my liking, I started noticing a lot of nay-saying about the Chromebook I've come to love and use as my primary computer. A lot of this negative talk has come from Microsoft and, I suppose, power users. Or people who just don't like Google in general.But I digress on the latter because that's such a heated topic and that's not what I want to write in my review about. What I do want to do, though, is dispel this misconception that the Chromebook is a total brick without wi-fi.Here's what I can do offline:- Listen to music- Read epub and mobi ebooks- Read pdf files- Write txt, docx, and gdoc files- Get to my Google Drive- Play games (though I'll be honest, I don't play games on my Chromebook, but I know it is something I could do if I wanted; it's just that any game you want to play has to be on the Chrome store and it needs to be made for both online and offline use)- Read email- Create mindmaps- Create notes on Google Keep- Create tasks on WunderlistNow, one may still think that's still not a lot, but let's keep this in perspective: this is how I utilize my Chromebook every day, excluding whatever browsing I might do on the Internet. And these are the only tasks that I want to have if I'm offline. When I'm online, I do a lot of other stuff, granted--but for those days I might not have wi-fi, I can rest assured knowing I can at least do what I need to do on my Chromebook without any issues or panic.So clearly, the Chromebook isn't a brick offline. All the essentials are there. And honestly, I find it much nicer because there's less distraction. I can focus on my tasks throughout the day instead of fiddling with my desktop and groaning about using a laptop that I feel like I will never utilize completely. In that way, Chromebook shines. It's not for everyone, but it is for someone like me.EDIT: I also want to add that I watch videos online, on YouTube and other websites, and it works wonderfully. I have no complaints. In fact, I've found that videos load more quickly on this Chromebook than it did on the HP laptop I used to have. On the HP laptop, if I was watching a movie online, it'd take an hour or two to load completely. On the Chrome OS, the same video might take, what--5 or so minutes to load. Ever so often, it might take longer, but it's happened rarely.