In preface, I'm a network engineer and used to toting about a $2500 Thinkpad issued from corporate.  Build quality is important to me.This model comes 'stripped down' with only 2gb of RAM, and a 'measly' 320gb HDD.Another 2Gb is cheaper than dirt right now.  320GB units are SINGLE PLATTER right now, and very reliable in the mobile context for that reason.Sacrificing these super cheap to upgrade things gets this unit down in to remarkable pricing territory. ( $ 4 5 0 )The 2.2ghz processor has more moxie than those comparing it to the sister model 4520s (i-380 based) give credit for.  Lets keep in mind not too long ago we had similar  performance in Desktops...  The advantage of the (still basic) Radeon 4250 shows in those silly games your kid will download.  You know it will happen and choosing the Intel HD makes children cry.  Also, I have seen no issues with my test 1080p content over HDMI (70-90% CPU).  That said, the screen is x768 so 720p content is the max anyway and it plays fine.The keyboard is good, having not much flex excepting the very center. Typing to the left is difficult for those not used to numpads on these units but humans adapt.  Key travel is crisp and not 'cheap' feeling to me.  In addition, the touchpad is centered on the spacebar (as it should be); but will take getting used to as it's not in the center either.  This implies your instinctual left click might be a right for a couple days.Speaking of the touchpad, people give this some guff in reviews.  Go LOOK at the options panel.  I set palm check to one notch from the top and haven't had a thumb/palm accidental drag once.  Honestly, I think this is a good touchpad after setting sensitivity.This is one of only a couple laptops in this price category that had both HDMI and eSATA.  Bonus.  No USB on the back; however two on each side is good (one doubled with eSATA).  They are inset slightly, so the micro-usb most wireless mice come with now do not protrude at all.Sound is 'ok' but at least it gets loud when you push it.  I can hear the talking in youtube videos fine on 50%, but get an external speaker for $20 if you want to bump it up a notch.  It seems optimized for the human speech range, which I'm pretty ok with.Build quality is solid.  No, really.  Completely lacking in misshapen panels, snap-attached bezels, and the like.  I took it apart and don't find any 'fail' moments in the process.  This is very surprising at this price point.  The consumer version of this HP cpu/featureset is rife with build quality issues so this is important to note.  My wife's friends think we bought a very expensive unit (the only test that matters).Do yourself a favor and buy this model if you're in that sub $500 crunch and don't want to pick up that plastic toshiba thing everybody says has wonky fans.