These are all odd statements, I myself have owned several Alienware's, as well as a couple of my friends have some as well, and none of us seem to be having any of the problems that you people are having...What people have to realize is that it is not Alienware that is the problem, it is computers in general, all computers (including Mac's...) have plenty of issues... the difference is, the price tag, people automatically assume that just because an item has the highest end components as well as the biggest price tag that the thing will never have issues... well that is a very false assumption.  I have friends who have HP's, Dell's, Mac's, etc... all of which have problems with them, but because they were just junk to begin with and cost next to nothing, they just go out and buy a new one.The simple fact is, hard drives do fail, Alienware DOES NOT make hard drives, graphics cards fail, Alienware does not make graphics cards, CPU's fail, once again Alienware DOES NOT make CPU's, all, all of these companies do is take parts that have already been made by other companies and put them together for you. The big difference between Alienware and the rest is they basically only use the highest end parts made by companies such as nVIDIA, Intel, Samsung, Seagate, etc... as well as place them into a flashy case. So it is understandable that they place a higher price tag on them. Plus Alienware's whether your experience with them was good or not, certainly have higher standards than any other computer maker I have seen. When you look inside a HP, Dell, etc.. the wires are all just thrown in where ever they fit, components are tossed together as quickly as possible, where with Alienware the wires are tucked away nice and neat, and each computer is made to order (hence the amount of time it takes to actually recieve it, it isn't already in a box it still has to be made!)The claims of poor support, I do agree with, but now that Alienware is owned by Dell (acquired in 2006) support is better, (better support started around Sep of 2009) rather than sending in systems for repair, they come to your home to fix them for you, but still expect to be on the phone for an hour or so if you want to get anything accomplished.But when it comes right down to it, I myself personally own three (3) Alienware's currently and have had others in the past, the only one I ever had any real trouble with was the Area-51 m15x due to the plastic casing cracking around the hinges to the LCD display. I now have the new M15x, the M11x, and an older Alienware 750i Desktop, all of which run as good as the day I got them, and all exceeded my expectations. A friend of mine has the m9750 and loves it, has never had any issue with it, and another friend of mine has the new Area-51 ALX which runs AMAZINGLY and works perfectly.