I just received my new 17" MacBook Pro. I was a bit reluctant to replace my totally worn out PB 15 Titanium which is over 4 years ago: dings, replaced frames, and other maladies from falls, travel, etc. "Reluctant" due to the new operating system, new chips, new about everything. And then there's the issue of a ton of gigabytes and programs moved over to a new machine. Geez. What's that... days of adjustment, reloading, re-installing, and finding serial numbers.Before that though, the experience of taking it from its box was remarkable. Who else but Apple would think about the slick box that it comes in? But the accessory box was missing... or was it. The cable adapters were there, a cool remote control (that works with Keynote), and a tight little kit of DVDs and DVD-sized books. That was it. Of course, I didn't read anything... I'm too impatient.So, that takes me to set-up etc. I started it up, it asked if I had a Mac and would I like to migrate my files (and applications). I said yes. It demanded a Firewire cable for the deed, I complied [not provided, but I had one]. About an hour later, I had a fully operational MacBook with all of my old applications working. No dragging, serial number stuff, or otherwise (so far, that is). A seamless transition. I did need to state that my music would be authorized on the new computer. The easiest move ever. As though I was using my old computer with everything intact, but now a new, wide screen, ultrafast environment. So a little over an hour after taking it out of the box, I was using Creative Suite and other apps with abandon.I don't want to discuss all the enhancements and how well they work since better reviewers than I have already done so. But I will do a few highlights. First, the wide screen is real estate I sorely needed (and no twisting that might cause the battery to drop out), not too heavy, but real estate and bright. It rests for hours on my leg and I fell no excess heat. The new magnetic charger connection is great: as you approach the plug it literally is sucked into the connection. And the lighted keyboard for dark room users -- awesome.So far, all of my applications work except Virtual PC which I anticipated. I did need to trash the try-out Microsoft suite since my licensed version was co-installed (and doubling clicking took me to the try-out version rather than my version).I haven't tried the emulation via Boot Camp, but perhaps the Parallels Virtual System might be better. The latter offers simultaneous operation. I have no choice since an important testing system is PC only, and we use it for 1000 students year.As we would all expect, everything moves so totally quickly, that I have few barriers to productivity. And that was an initial fear. So this is a brief review focussed more on migration and seamless operation. In these respects, I could not be happier. It's a Mac, in spite of the Intel processor, with all the usual simplicities and convenience. Other barriers to productivity? I haven't found them yet.