Update, 02/23/2014:I'm moving my rating back up to four stars.  I did send my S7 back for warranty repairs, and it was repaired and returned to me INCREDIBLY quickly.  Truly, I wasn't without it for much more than a week, including all shipping.  They replaced just about everything other than the hard drive and the case and screen -- motherboard, memory, battery, etc.  And it has worked just fine ever since.  It remains just a wonderful little notebook, with the huge advantage of the MicroSD slot, which I use for a 64GB card that hosts all of my personal files.Update, 07/17/2013:Well, after two months, I have a $1,100 doorstop.  My S7 is completely, absolutely, positively dead.  It won't start up, no LED's light up to show that anything is going on, no LED's light up to show that the charger is plugged in -- it is just a lump of worthlessness.  I've used it very sparingly -- less than once a week, I think I could call it.  It has always been protected by a sleeve or a case, even while it's been sitting in a drawer.  The only way I could have been more gentle with it would have been to have just put it in a drawer, and never touched it again.All I can do now is send it away, and hope that it will come back some day.  And then see if it will last longer than another two months.  Unfortunately, Acer's online forum has quite a few messages about S7 notebooks failing at around two months of life, and it doesn't look like a single one has ever been repaired -- Acer hasn't had the parts to fix them.  I can only send it off and see if that state of affairs has changed or not.So, I'm changing my rating to one star, and I'd give it zero if I could.  It was absolutely wonderful while it worked, but I've never had a notebook utterly fail on me before this -- I've had perhaps a dozen notebooks that never had any issues, whatsoever.  Truth be told, I had heard of some reliability problems with the S7, but I figured I'd try my luck.  All I can do is recommend against trying to push your luck, like I did.And now I return you to my original review, written in much happier days:I'm happy with my S7-191-6447.  I find the Windows 8 "tiles" interface to be absolutely, completely, 100% useless, but happily, you can use programs such as Classic Shell that will let you avoid the tiles, and use the regular, old Start button menu that you know and you've been happy with for the past decade or two.  Indeed, I use Classic Shell, a free program, and I recommend it highly.With the tiles out of the way, I find Windows 8 to be pretty nice, and it feels absolutely "minimal" -- not like there are a million things running in the background, like I've felt with other Windows versions.  I had one old program that Windows 8 reported as "incompatible," but you can just right-click an icon that launches the program, choose Properties, and then get in there and choose to run it in a compatibility mode for an older Windows version.  I chose Windows Vista, and that program has run just fine, ever since.I gave the computer 5 stars, even though it usually gets knocked back for its battery life and a few other odd bits.  Personally, the battery life is plenty for my needs, even without the external battery.  The keyboard takes a bit of practice to get comfortable with, but that's always going to be the case with a small, thin notebook like this.  Yes, many folks want more RAM and more disk space, but this is essentially the default configuration of an official "ultrabook."Otherwise, the computer checks all of the boxes I want:  Ultra-small and lightweight, 1920 x 1080 IPS screen (it is fantastic), illuminated keyboard, and so on.  I absolutely appreciate the MicroSD slot -- like many other folks, I've fitted a 64GB card in there, and so far, that's where I keep all of my personal data, including gigabytes of pictures, music, and videos.The computer is very quiet -- when not under heavy loads, it is essentially noise-free.  The fan will start running when you do give it a bit of a load, but even then it's still very quiet.The sound is quite good for a tiny ultrabook like this -- of course, there isn't anything approaching "real bass," but otherwise it's far better than most notebooks I've owned.And so on.  In the end, it's a very competent notebook that's as small and light as you can get, with an excellent screen and good features such as the illluminated keyboard and the MicroSD slot.  It also comes with a fine, minimal case, the external battery, and a Bluetooth mouse that just connects right up the first time you plug the batteries into it.  There are more obvious things that might be dealbreakers for you, such as the battery life, the amount of disc space, and so on, but those are well-documented -- I hope that I might have given you some good information about some of the less-obvious things.