Apple Store's display doesn't make it especially easy to compare the most significant differences among models, but it appears that the 15" MacBook Pro (not the 15" MacBook Pro Retina) is the ONLY current Apple computer that comes with the following three features that are so essential to many us: 1. a built-in optical drive ("Superdrive"); 2. an "Audio In" port; 3. an "Audio Out" port.  With such a machine, any audiophile or media person is practically assured of having a self-contained portable audio workstation, one that will record LPs, cassette tapes, FM broadcasts with a simple line (in my case, from an Onkyo receiver) to the "Audio In" of the machine, nothing else required.  Moreover, the presence of the two ports permits near-flawless capturing of any of the sounds emitted from a website or from the computer by attaching a simple patch cord between the two ports (I use an inexpensive splitter at the "Audio Out" port for monitoring purposes.  Finally, the built-in optical drive obviates the need to drag along an external drive, which can prove clumsy at best (taking up extra space on the desk) and mal-functioning at worst (I've never had a problem with an internal SuperDrive, but the external Apple Drives have failed with astonishing regularity, requiring all sorts of ingenious tricks to remove a stuck CD and often suffering damage in the process of removal).By contrast with this machine, the new iMac (and most of the other Macbooks) offers neither an optical drive nor an "audio in" port. Moreover, with the lack of an internal optical drive, I've forfeited two of the machine's USB ports--one to an interface; the other, to a burner--while attempting, with sporadic success, to import decent audio into the computer.  (At least, I've learned to purchase only external optical drives that have an eject button and a slide-out tray.  None of the non-Apple optical drives has presented so much as a single problem--and each has cost me under $50).I was among the first to purchase the unloved, scorned-upon Macbook Air back in 2008.  The first model had some costly problems (that problematic hinge!), but Apple withstood the flak (especially about the absence of an optical drive) and by 2010 came to market with not one but two Macbook Airs--an 11" and  13".  The criticism has waned, and now I'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing.  Unfortunately, what was once regarded as an aberration, then a curiosity, and finally a respected member of the Apple family, has now, it would appear, become the "prototype" for all Apple models.  I would expect the machine you're looking at to be the last Apple machine to come with the 3 features mentioned above.This may be a transitional time in Apple's history, one leading, moreover, to another consumer computing revolution and to a roaring comeback in Apple's stock price.  If people increasingly find CDs useless--even in their music collections--and if makers of ancillary products begin to show more products that might benefit from the added speed of US 3.0 and Thunderbolt (which is close to being all that remains of Apple connectivity apart from "the Cloud"), Apple could win big--really big.  But in the meantime, consumers who purchase, for example, a new iMac can only be left scratching their heads about how to make use of all those super-fast ports (USB 3 and Thunderbolt) on the back of their new machines, however ahead of the curve they may be.  At this point, the iMac has become less about practicality than bragging rights ("look guys, mine has a Fusion Drive--just take my word for it").