This machine looks decent, and it is, but it's not great. It would've been nice if Apple used the same alluminum design that they did on all their other machines - this costs as much as the base MBA. Sure that one is a bit closer to a netbook, but both are still c2d machines.I would've thought that 2GB RAM is too little, but with OS X it's not actually too bad - I guess it's a bit lighter than Windows. It still would've been nice if they upgraded the CPU to one of the newer i series ones, like the i3. Still, this one satisfies. And it does have nvidia graphics. I can't tell whether the 250GB HD is 5400RPM or 7200RPM, but it's fast enough.Why would Apple keep using a 16:10 screen when they are all 16:9? Aren't macs supposedly good for multimedia? The desktop ones use 16:9 (imacs). There's not much difference, except that there are annoying black bars with 16:10 when you watch movies.The keyboard is OK, but the laptop has an annoying somewhat glossy finish, which I really hate (I didn't realize it had that when I bought it). Also, when you see it in person, the white really looks worse than it does in pictures - it gives a cheap look. Black would've been better. Also, the screen has lots of glare - when I am in a room with a moderate amount of lighting I can see reflections no matter what way I turn the screen. That's definitely not good. At this price, a matte screen would've been nice.The build quality is ok, certainly better than that of a $400 Windows laptop, but in this price range and with its' specs I'd expect better.Unfortunately, the battery is not removable - I wish I'd known that when I bought it.Also, although the touchpad is quite responsive with multitouch gestures, due to its' size, I keep bumping it when I type. I changed the settings, but the issue persists. On another laptop I have, due to the smaller touchpad, this not an issue (and that's an 11.6", so things are more crammed). On the other hand, that one has a pointing stick, so I don't need the touchpad at all. Not that I'd expect Apple to do that. It's too bad that the pointing curve is tuned towards touchpads, which makes it really hard to use an external mouse on this. I'd really like to do that and disable the touchpad to avoid the issues, but that pointing curve makes it next to impossible to use.Additionally, I didn't know, from amazon's description, that the video output is a Mini-Displayport, which absolutely no one else uses. That's just annoying. Why can't they just use a VGA port and HDMI port like everyone else? Particularly HDMI - the connector isn't that big.Basically, this is a step up from a basic windows laptop, with some of the same flaws (and some others), and a much higher price tag. I was hoping that they could at least have a matte body and such. At this price range, the expectations change. I'm looking elsewhere.