I have been waiting for the 4th Gen. intel CPU to purchase a macbook. This is my first Mac ever and I picked up on it almost intuitively as if I had always used Mac OS X! I wanted the increased battery life that the new intel processor grants (Thank you Intel!) and the sleek, portable design of the 11 inch air. It's only been a few days and I already love it!I picked up the 11 inch because small and portable is better for me personally, I will use this for office, surfing the web, Netflix, and maybe some casual games. I got my base model (4gb ram/i5/128gb) for $899 so it was a great deal! This air is replacing my Ipad 4, after years of using an Ipad (since it's original launch) and loving it, I now find myself needing more of a full fledged laptop but I still wanted the day long battery life that laptops couldn't offer (until now!) and I didn't want another windows laptop.Battery: Why not start with the high point of this generation, let me just say WOW! I cranked out 9 hours and 12 minutes (at about 60% brightness, blutetooth off, and wifi on) on my first complete charge while surfing the web and taking notes in office. I have been waiting for this kind of battery life for a long time and I'm glad it's finally here! Looking forward to Maverick and hopefully even more battery life!Heat/Fan: I've been on it for about 2 hours now typing this up while taking notes in class and It's barley warm. The only time i've heard the fan kick in was while playing portal 2 and it's very quiet!Screen: I'm sad that the resolution didn't get an upgrade but it looks just fine and I would not personally trade off battery life for more PPI, maybe in the next refresh! It's crisp and looks great for what it is which is fine with me. After using a retina screen for almost a year, I do not find it difficult or even consider the downgrade in PPI an issue.Performance: The biggest point here is that Intel made a much more efficient chip with just about equal performance of the previous gen of cpus which is awesome and it should be no surprise to find out that there is no noticeable performance difference between the 2013 and previous air model. No it's not as powerful as something you can get for about the same for windows BUT that's the reason I wanted a Mac, because it's not windows so that argument is null to me. That being said it's plenty powerful for what I use it for.Sound: sounds just fine to me, I wish the sound was a little fuller but I have no quarrels with it.SSD/RAM: Makes everything smooth and seamless.I purchased the 128gb which is perfect since I use cloud storage like dropbox a lot and have a 128gb USB 3.0 stick that is insanely fast. I kind of wish I had 8gb of ram instead of 4gb just because I'm that kind of techie however I know that I won't utilize it. I realize some people need more storage space but there are other good options for those on a budget or who don't think they need extra space and later find themselves short. I do wish it had an SD slot like the 13inch however it wasn't worth the increased size for me.Graphics: The new Intel 5000 is a very nice upgrade from the previous Gen. So far the only game I've played on it is portal 2 and it looks great and plays smoothly (sorry I don't have FPS). From what I've read though, many games run very playable at med to high settings. It's not designed to be a gpu powerhouse but it handles most games pretty well and I'm very happy with that. It does get very warm after a while (1+ hours of gaming) however this is to be expected. It took about 30 mins for me to notice the fan turn on while playing portal 2. The front facing camera is 720p but it looks great and works well enough for me.Design: It didn't change from the previous Gen. but since i've never used a MacBook before; I have large manly hands but I find the keyboard very comfortable, I find that the layout and spacing is perfect for me! The weight and sleek design is excellent for the size IMO. I love the backlit keyboard (which is a MUST imo for all laptops) and the ability to control how long it's on when not typing is awesome (as opposed to simply turning it on and off like my last windows laptop).Overall: I love it, it's not perfect for everyone but it's everything I want and need and it does it all very well. I like that MacBooks hold their value pretty well (something I did not know existed in the laptop market which tells you all you need to know about windows laptops). Perhaps the ONLY disappointment I have is the fact that the SSD and RAM can't be upgraded due to it being integrated into the MB. Very content with this MacBook Air!