Bought as a gift that will be used for web, email, running Office 365 (which it does NOT come with) and very light gaming or entertainment purposes. For that use, it seems like a great value.Pros:Display - 17.3 inch 1600x900 glossy display high contrast, colors look goodKeyboard - The size of this laptop allows a large (for a laptop) keyboard and it's comfortable to useDVD - Having a DVD drive built in is nice for installing anything not having to deal with a USB DVD driveSpeakers - Played some music through them & they sound great for laptop speakers but max volume is still a bit quietBuild/Packaging - Very happy with the apparent build quality & packaging and with how Amazon shipped itLenovo - The Lenovo web site is easy to navigate and find drivers/updates and I assume if you had a warranty issue between Lenovo and Amazon it'd be handled in a satisfactory mannerServiceability - Easily remove the entire bottom cover with only two screws to upgrade memory, hard drive, wireless, etcCons:Hard drive - The 500gb hard drive included is fairly slow but I replaced it with an SSD and that made a huge difference in boot times. Even with the slower hard drive, once booted, the laptop was perfectly usable but installing updates/rebooting was much slower.Memory - It only comes with 4GB (4GB x 1) so I added another 4GB I had from an old laptop in the second slotWindows 8.0 needs to be upgraded to 8.1 via the MS Store:It comes with Windows 8.0 and you really do want to upgrade to 8.1 first thing. Doing this requires that you create a Microsoft account, get on the store and have the store actually notice that you're eligible for a free 8.1 upgrade. Once you get it done, 8.1 + a start menu replacement (I'm using Classic Star which is free) is just fine. Actually using 8.1 working with this laptop has caused me to upgrade to 8.1 from Windows 7 on my own personal laptop because I do enjoy 8.1.Having to jump through hoops with the MS Store to actually get upgraded is a hassle. Also, if you'll be replacing the hard drive or if you ever want to just format/reinstall the OS, you don't have install media to do that with AND your Windows 8.0 with free 8.1 upgrade has a key buried in the UEFI BIOS. I used RW Everything to extract the key but even with that key, I wasn't able to proceed through a Windows 8.1 setup from scratch with a brand new Windows 8.1 Pro purchased through a discount I'm eligible for. I wound up just using the media & key that came with that new Windows 8.1 Pro - it didn't cost me much but buying a brand new Windows 8.1  so you'll have media/key adds a good bit to the cost under normal circumstances.Bottom line is that, hardware-wise, I'm impressed with what you get for your $ with this laptop. The display, keyboard and Lenovo name/support are great. Adding a little memory and even an SSD doesn't cost much and then the laptop is really great.If you happen to have access to Windows 8.1 media/keys for some reasonable cost then you're not left fiddling with the included 8.0-upgrade to 8.1 software and it becomes a great value. I have no problem with Windows 8.1 coming from Windows 7 and I'm enjoying using 8.1 on this and another laptop now and missing some features of 8.1 on my one remaining Windows 7 system (it'll be upgraded soon too.)