Used this at a friend's place for about a week when I was staying with them before I decided to buy it. I was undecided whether to go for the C720 or the C720P- the touchscreen option but eventually opted to go with what I had tried and tested. Got it less than 24 hours ago.We already have a Macbook Air, Macbook Pro and an iMac at home. I got the Chromebook for myself- passing on the Air to the kids.Very happy with my choice. Can do everything I do with the Air except one (coming to it soon). I browse the net, open and save all MS Office files- Word, Excel, Powerpoint. Just downloaded the 3 Office applications from the Chrome Store- haven't tried them out as yet. Even if that doesn't work out the Google options are pretty good.I can browse any website, save files locally and print (via Google Cloud Print). I am an Android user (Nexus 5) and most of the features available on the Chromebook either supplement or complement what I already had on the phone. Some of them are given below:Google+ Photos: My photos from my phone are already automatically backed up to Google+. Photos from our iMac (main repository of photographs) are also automatically to Google+. The Google+ Photo app in the Chromebook just enhances the experience of browsing those photographs though one could also look at it in the Chrome browser in Google+Google Cloud Print: I can easily print from the phone and the Chromebook does the same. I have a HP 3510 and it connects to the printer via HP ePrint.Evernote: I use the Evernote for web. Works very well, in fact is faster than the desktop application in the Mac. Doesn't work offline though. I also use the Chrome browser extension for Evernote to add notes and clip web pages very well. Another alternative could be Keep (from Google).Google Drive: works just like the phone. Accessible even offline. And with the 100GB of storage for 2 years it is a great plus. If you do end up using the 100 GB, even after 2 years if you don't want to pay for it- it should still work- you just won't be able to save more files above the free (15GB) limit but be able to access all the existing files in the Drive.Hangouts: works with the Chrome browser extension or within Google+.Speed is excellent. The battery life is just out of the world. It is like a camel in the desert without water- it can go on and on and on.What's my biggest gripe? Skype. I use it pretty often and it is the choice of most when it comes to video calling, across the world. The alternative offered is Hangout video calling. But as a medium of communication this is still to catch on and this is the most restrictive feature of the Chromebook. Akin to Skype Out, Hangouts also provides the facility to call phones and mobiles by buying credit- works across the world and not only specific countries (the purchasing of the credit).Of course the requirement of being on line for most of the tasks is also restrictive but then that is a given and known when you buy the Chromebook.Two other products which I have figured out are not available but might be high use apps are Spotify and Picasa. The latter is surprising considering it is from Google, but I think the objective is to push everyone onto Google+ Photos.Sound is excellent. Has a small bass and is more than adequate.Overall- this (and any Chromebook) can not be your primary PC/laptop. But is a must get for easy access, browsing and great battery life. Would be a great gift and also great entry level notebook for kids.