Ok let's get a couple things out of the way first and foremost so this review is PERFECTLY understood by anyone that stumbles across it.1.  I'm an avid gamer and I play my games on a custom PC running Windows 7 Professional2.  I have neither desire nor expectations concerning GAMING on this MacBook Air (ok, MAYBE minecraft or Civilization 4 and/or 5Now that we're clear on that, I absolutely LOVE this machine.  I have Microsoft Office University (4 year license) and run Office on my PC as well as my Mac and have had ZERO issues going back and forth between PC/Mac.  Something may come up down the road because the PC runs Office 2013 and the Mac runs Office 2011 but so far I've had NO ISSUES at all.  I love that.  I don't always want to sit on the couch and use Office.  Sometimes I want to sit at my desk and work with Office.  I have the best of both worlds here as far as I'm concerned.  No, this is not a MS Office review so let's move on.The MacBook Air boots from POWERED DOWN to FULLY OPERATIONAL in less than 10 seconds.  It boots from SLEEP mode to FULLY OPERATIONAL in 2 to 3 seconds.  Now this is a brand new machine and all I have installed is Office and 5 or 6 other app's so far but at this moment the speed and the super light mobility of the MacBook Air has made my life so much easier...I use my iPad mini during lecture to take handwritten notes on my Professor's 'Powerpoint' slides (not actually Powerpoint but Apple's version, I forget the name) because I can sketch drawings and such with ease.  I send those notes to my Cloud/Dropbox/Google Drive and when I get home I work with them on the Mac OR PC.The keyboard is backlit and high quality regarding key responsiveness.  I like the 'chicklet' style.  It doesn't have a full size numpad but being a great typist it doesn't bother me at all.  The aluminum body/case or whatever you call it is tight and strong.  It feels strong.  If you've held a cheap half plastic laptop in your hands you know what I mean.  The Air is solid.  The screen looks fantastic and clear.I haven't even connected a mouse to it yet because I haven't needed it.  The touchpad/trackpad/whatever works great, stock, right out of the box.  Long time Mac users list an app as a MUST HAVE that lets you reassign a gazillion new gestures to the pad and I'm going to download that next but I had to comment on it anyway because as I said, this is my first Mac, and I'm impressed with the touchpad.  I've been using a hot rod gaming mouse for the last 20 years and I say this honestly... I don't miss it.  I haven't needed it, at least not yet.  The built in WiFi is running great right out of the box.  I have a Netgear router that does N protocol and my Mac zips right along surfing the net and downloading fairly large files.Well, what more to say?  I love this machine.  Super light, super quick boot up/refresh from sleep and it has a great keyboard.  The only drawback I can think of is that I wish you got a little bit more for your $ from Apple but this is just my opinion.  What I mean is that I bought a 128 GB model and I wish that for the price I could've gotten a 256 GB.  Honestly, if I could've afforded it RIGHT NOW, I'd have gotten the highest capacity Solid State Drive that they offer.  I'm going to guess that most Apple customers feel this way as well but what are we gonna do?The bottom line is this:  This machine is light, fast, sturdy, stylish, easy to transport, and rock solid when it comes to running all the software I need to use.*THIS IS NOT A FANCY LOOKING GAMER MACHINE*This is a great laptop for college students and, for lack of better words, ADULT computing.Simply put, "I love it".I hope my review helps somebody make a good decision about whether or not they buy the product.