I got my first laptop when I started High School and it was a Acer and it lasted two years before my sisters screen wouldn't work ( we are twins and got same one and same time). And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems. So My sister and I again got new matching laptops-Toshiba Satellite. Under a year, The Corner where I open the laptop broke and Costumer service sucked. I called, emailed, and searched way to long just find where to send it. And I sent it in and got it back. Within like 4 months mine had broke again (out of warranty now) And I was done. My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason. I couldn't even open or close it. That defeated the whole point of a laptop. So I was done. I have wanted a Macbook for a while. And after me and my sisters multiple laptop problems I was willing to pay a lot to try Mac. I also thought it would be good now that I started College. I heard nothing but good things about Macs. I have been to the Apple Store for problems with my iPhone charging cord and it gets fixed, no problems, great service. And the warranty starts over when you get a new cord. I love that! And since I have a iPhone I get emails from Apple. I got a email for the Back to School Sale. I got educational pricing and Got this Macbook Pro 13.3 inch For $999. And Plus this promotion I got a $100 gift Card to the App Store. I thought that was the best offer I could get. So Me and My twin ordered it from the store. The gift card and the laptop came separately. And One thing I like was that when the gift card came, it did have a return address but it didn't say Apple so when people saw it they wouldn't steal the gift card. But You can tell that it was from Apple. When I opened the box for the Macbook, besides it having the charger for it, it had a extension to add to it. I didn't read anywhere that that was included but it is! I have been using the Macbook Pro for about 3 weeks now and I absolutely love it! I was new to the Mac system and It was pretty easy to use. The touchpad I was lost but I looked at videos on Youtube to figure out how to use the shortcuts and things. The software is fast. Laptop is comfortable, portable, and somewhat lightweight. Before I got the Back to School Promotion, I was thinking of getting the new macbook Air. But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player. And since the educational pricing was $999 for the Pro, the original price of the Air, I decided on the Pro. I am using my Pro typing this. You can get the educational pricing all year long I saw. I did not know this when I bought it but that didn't change my mind that I wanted to get it anyway. I love how easy it is to use. Also I LOVE the feature of the light up keyboard. I use my computer for typing things and when I don't want to get up to turn on the light because I am focused or because I am to lazy, I can just turn the brightness up. I can close my laptop and when I open it, I type in my password and I am in within 1 second. My other laptops took like 2 minutes just to wake up. The battery Life on this laptop is AMAZING. Use like for 7 hours compared to the 2-3 hours of my other ones. I recommend this laptop for anyone! I will update later if any problems arise. ( I don't think any problems will arise)I do want to recommend that to save the battery, let the battery charge to 100% then unplugg it and let it totally die. Then Plug it back in. It makes the battery last long. :) I love my Macbook Pro! I hope it lasts me for years!