**If you're having problems with Wifi connection and mousepad/keyboard use, please read on.**After being burned by HP and Dell, i decided to switch brands again for Sony or Samsung. Sony had the best selection for what I was looking for, a decently powered laptop that was still lightweight.This model laptop, SVF14A16CXS, was perfect for what I was looking for.After having the laptop for about a month it seems to be performing very well. It starts up incredibly fast compared to my old laptops, I'm assuming because of the internal memory that is sectioned off for quick start ups. Windows 8 took some getting used to, but a touchscreen helps the initial transition from Windows 7. The touchscreen is also incredibly accurate, making me wish I had spring for the Sony laptop that flips down to a tablet, but that's not something I need anyway. I do wish it had more than 2 USB ports, since I can fill 2 ports quickly, but it hasn't yet become a huge problem.I did have a few problems in the first few months while setting up the laptop. Others have complained about these problems, but I have found the solution to make this an excellent laptop. Both of these problems were easily fixed by contacting Sony's warranty help phone number and allowing them to connect to my computer over the internet to fix the problem.Problem 1) After downloading and installing a few windows updates (before the 8.1 update, however) the keyboard would restart. Upon restart, the keyboard and mouse no longer worked outside of safe mode. Reinstalling drivers did not help. It was not as Sony update, as I initially thought. After calling Sony I was told by the technician that Kapersky Antivirus, the antivirus program preinstalled on the laptop for a 30 day trial period, was to blame. Uninstalling Kapersky was one of the first things I did, and in doing so it apparently changed some settings and deleted a few permissions. I don't know how to keep it from doing this. However, a Sony warranty technician was able to fix it in a few short minutes by connecting to my laptop.Problem 2) The Wifi connection drops or disconnects frequently, even when closeby to the router. It will also disconnect when simply changing rooms inside home. This is the complaint I heard most about this laptop, but decided to try it anyway. After calling Sony's warranty help line again someone was able to fix it by increasing the tolerable data threshold on the laptop and changing a few router settings.The fix was quick and I have not had any problems since.I deducted 1 star because of these initial laptop breaking problems, although they were fixed with a few phone calls. Also, the battery on the laptop isn't terrible, but it isn't great either. Applications such as game or working the laptop hard will drain the battery incredibly quickly. This, I assume, is a tradeoff to receive such a lightweight and slim laptop. If you're planning on being away from an outlet, I recommend closing unneeded applications or preventing them from opening on startup automatically.In conclusion, this really is an excellent laptop. Responsive touchscreen, great amount of power for mid level games (WoW and Civilization V), beautiful backlit keyboard and mousepad, HDMI port and 2 USB ports, and quick startup and shut down. While it did have a few problems in the first month, all of these problems were fixed by contacting Sony and cashing in the 1 year limited warranty it comes with.I definitely recommend this laptop.