I received this product yesterday, after choosing the 1 day shipping.  Lets start off by saying Amazon's customer service is impeccable, and I highly recommend buying from Amazon.  Now to the computer.  I have used this computer, so far, for gaming.  I have tried 2 games, Minecraft and ArmA 2.  With Minecraft, using the 32-bit java(oops) and maxed out settings, I got a steady 70 fps.  Note I used the 32 bit, which drastically lowers fps when on far mode.  I also could not get the fps to drop, which is unbelievable.  On ArmA 2, I was able to play on the max setting again, but since this has a 1080p screen, it hurts your eyes when turning too fast.  So though it can play on max setting easily, it is difficult to see.  As for heating, I think it isn't an issue at all.  I played on this laptop for 5 hours, and virtually no heat was present.  Though I cannot honestly judge heat as I used a cooling pad, which are amazing.  The appearance of the laptop is also great!  I was in awe when first starting up this computer.  It takes around 3 minutes for its first boot up, but once installation is done, it only takes 20 seconds.  The lighted keyboard is very cool and unique.  You are able to change the keyboard with various different colors, and can change it by choosing 1 of 3 rows on an application, and switching the color, with 5 different effects as well.  The outside of the case feels very smooth and sturdy.  There is a large metal plating, surrounded by done sort of strong plastic, giving it a great feel and look.  The battery life is also pretty good, giving you around an hour to two of energy-demanding activities.  The screen is absolutely massive!  I was shocked at how large this computer actually was!  It is fairly large, but pretty light.  The screen looks very nice, and minimal reflections can be seen.  I only have a few small complains about this product.  The drag pad or whatever it is called, is not very responsive while pressing keys alongside it.  This means you will not probably be able to play first person games without a mouse.  Another thing is the keyboard.  I find it very difficult to play on the keyboard, even though it is the size of most other keyboards.  The right side of the keyboard has a shortened shift button.  This causes me to often push the arrow keys next to the right shift button, which interferes with typing.  That is about it for complaints, very minimal.  Windows 8 is also installed on this computer.  Most people will tell you it is terrible, and a waste if time.  Do NOT believe this.  Windows 8 is highly advanced, and takes time to learn, but once you learn how to use windows 8, you'll love it.  It is far superior to windows 7 due to the increased speeds and such.  With the new Windows 8, even Internet explorer isn't terrible!  Plus, personalization is highly valued.  So honestly, don't go for another computer around this price range.  I searched for weeks, and I am very glad I chose to buy this computer.  Buy this laptop from Amazon, and even pick up a cooling pad to eradicate the possibility of over-heating from prolonged use.