I was in the market for a computer that still came pre-loaded with Windows 7, as I have no use for a touch screen in my profession. This machine had all of the specs of the new computers that are on the market like the Asus Vivo Book, or the HP Envy, but it had exactly what I was looking for in the operating system.The machine is the most beautiful computer I have ever seen. But good looks aren't enough to justify keeping a computer. It is actually nicer looking than the Apple Macbook Air, which it was clearly attempting to emulate,  but comes with a 15 inch screen which is noticeably larger and easier to read documents on. However, just like the Macbook Air, I cannot figure out how to use it. Unlike the Macbook Air, it isn't just a new keyboard you must learn how to use, it is a machine that doesn't work, which is far more frustrating.The negatives render the machine worthless.Cons ---1. The Track pad ! -- When I turned the machine on, the cursor was magically moving itself across the screen, and I wasn't touching the computer. I installed the new driver, and it fixed the ghost movements, but now every 15 minutes of use, the machine will literally freeze and you must SHUT DOWN. Just restarting does not fix the problem.2. The Keyboard - I actually like the keyboard, as it is silent when one is typing late at night and does not want to disturb their mate's slumber. However the way they designed the keys, they are 2 times larger than most laptop keys, likely to accommodate the massive keyboard area as they omitted the number pad. Coupled with the track-pad which is exactly where your palms are supposed to be, it leads to one hell of a difficult proposition.3. The battery life.  - The other laptops in this price range with the same features all have 6-9 hours of battery life. This machine averages 3 hours for my use, and I wasn't watching movies or playing games on it, I was typing. I don't know much about computers, but from what I understand, Typing is not as difficult on Battery life as streaming media and online gaming.The Pros1. The machine is a work of art.  - As stated, this would be great if I were to hang it on the wall, but for practical purposes it fails miserably.2. The Screen is the best I've ever seen. The Imaages are crisp, and black is true black. It really is a shame they can't sell their screens to everyone else, as it is incredible.3. Silent - Not only are the keys silent, but the machine doesn't seem to have a fan, or I've never heard one running. It really is noticeably devoid of sound.4. Lightning fast - I'm not sure if it is the SSD hard drive, but it is the fastest computer I have ever used. Opening a file, or a document takes less than 1/10th of a second. I don't render on photoshop, in fact, I don't own Photoshop, but it does everything I have asked it to do with remarkable speed.Bottom line, the machine would be perfect for someone who wants a fashion accessory on their lap or desk. If you desperately want to buy one I implore you to buy an external mouse and keyboard, as using the ones provided on this machine will likely induce you to commit violence.I must compliment their customer service at Vizio, they connected me with an American on a Saturday to discuss warranty repair work. This is something I really am impressed with, and it makes a huge difference. If they can improve their product design issues I would purchase from their product line in the future based primarily on that little detail. Fortunately, I detected the defect in design during my return period with Amazon, so I have decided to deal with them instead and buy a comparable HP machine which also has windows 7 but lacks the defect in design.