... unless you like things that run like they're ten years old. I recently "upgraded" from a 3 year old HP and this thing runs slower out of the box than my HP ever did. Even scrolling through a word document is a bit like swimming through molasses. In writing this, I honestly cannot think of any good thing about this laptop. Not even one. I've heard that ASUS is a good computer brand, perhaps a step up from HP, Dell, Toshiba, etc., but I can't think that anymore.What specifically is wrong with it? First things first, the speakers are mounted on the bottom of the computer. That's right, the bottom. Now I don't know about you, but I definitely don't have ears on my legs. Or my desk. Or my couch. The mouse gestures are ill conceived and non-intuitive. Turning them off makes using it a tad less infuriating, however the "buttons" are integrated into the trackpad itself and not fully separate so right clicking is a giant pain. I mentioned the scrolling before, but it's not limited to word documents. It's everything. Everything is sluggish, even typing this review. I play a few flash based games online in my free time and my old laptop could run them at 40 fps no problem. This thing runs the same game at about 17 fps. It's got 4 gigs of ram, but it doesn't feel like it. Also the HDD is 5400 rpm, exceedingly slow too. And then there's Windows 8. It'd probably be ok for something with a touch screen, but this is a laptop, so it's pretty annoying to use.All in all, I'm disappointed in this laptop, and I fully regret purchasing this product. I'll be sure to stay away from ASUS in the future, and I'm not looking forward to spending the next 2 or so years with this thing. It's been less than a month and I already want to chuck it out in the yard. I would, if it weren't for my budget.Buy something else.EDIT: After still using this laptop for a few months, I have a few things to add. I still think the bottom mounted speakers is just really really bad design. I've disabled the mouse gestures so the trackpad is at least usable, but right clicking while intending to left click and vice versa is still an issue. For some reason, putting the computer to sleep and waking it up seems to speed the computer up. The scroll lag is gone, and so is the flash player lag after doing this, even right after fully powering on. Win 8 is still bad, but that's not Asus's fault. And the headphone jack, which I did not mention in my initial review, but it doubles as a microphone jack. Thing is, every time you plug something into it, it asks, "is this a microphone or headphones?" It also always has the choice defaulted to microphone, because the more common thing people plug into their laptops is definitely a microphone. It would be nice if it defaulted to headphones automatically, or even just assumed such, and you had to change it manually to microphone, since most people would rarely plug in a mic to their laptop (especially a 2.5 mm jacked mic). But the biggest thing that brought me here to add this edit, screws are falling out of the laptop. I should specify that I have not opened the case, nor have any of my screwdrivers ever touched any screws on this laptop. Yet, I find that there is nothing now securing the panel over the HDD and the RAM. Yikes. This is most definitely not a minor concern or issue. I still don't recommend this laptop to anyone, but it's not wholly terrible (but it's close). I feel like you should expect more for $500.