I chose Lenovo because of the good name that comes with the ThinkPad legacy. Reviews at the time (about 18 months ago) were very positive and editorial reviews don't tend to focus on build quality much because it's hard to measure.I have come to hate this machine. It does have some positives, which I will include for the sake of fairness. But it is filled with so many hardware / driver bugs that I just want to throw it out the window. Here is a list of the ones I can think off the top of my head that drive me crazy. Ready?- Sometimes it chooses not to sleep when I close the lid or explicitly ask it to (yes I've configured Windows 7 to sleep on lid close). Sometimes I hear it wake up (it beeps) in the middle of the night, then go back to sleep again, often more than once. While the lid is closed!- The built-in microphone doesn't work. The sophisticated dual-head technology for noise cancellation effectively cancels me out with it, no matter how far or close I speak from it. The other party can hear something, sometimes better than others, but it is just terrible quality. I often hang up VoIP calls in frustration and reach for my USB headset.- USB slots fail every other week. My USB mouse is dead when that happens. Rebooting fixes it.- Turning the WiFi switch off and back on causes Windows to lose the setting to automatically connect to my WiFi networks.- The screen brightness adjustment keystrokes (Fn-Home, Fn-End) do not work about once a week. A reboot fixes it.- The mute light, while a good idea, sometimes goes out of sync with the actual Windows mute state- The mouse wheel scroll speed resets to 1 line per wheel tick about once a week.  Merely opening the Mouse dialog in Control Panel fixes it.I have attempted driver upgrades which have either not helped or temporarily improved the situation until another driver update cancelled them out.Furthermore, it suffers from general poor design- Poor speaker quality- Putting the "back" and "forward" browser buttons right next to the cursor keys is disastrous. I discovered this after I spent 20 minutes typing in a web textbox. I wanted to move the cursor to make some final edits and hit the back key by accident instead. Lost all my work. I have since remapped those keys to something else and learned my lesson to never write long responses in a browser directly.- The Fn key is where the Ctrl key is typically. It took me about a year of pressing Fn when I meant Ctrl.- It doesn't have a mic jack; only headphones- It weighs like a brick (but it gives good battery life in return)I do want to state a few positives, which earn it its second star:- Performance is great- It absorbs water spills like a champion. It is designed to be water resistant, with dedicated drain holes that safely guide the water from top out through the bottom.- Great screen. Crisp, with a dark black and great contrast- I like the feel of the touchpad. It doesn't get slick from oil residue due a grid of micro bumps and a matte material- Good keyboard response. It has the right balance of softness and resistance- Mute lights (for mic and speakers)In general though, I'm appalled at the sheer number of defects which makes me question Lenovo's commitment to build quality. I will be trying a different brand for my next laptop and hope that there is still a good quality machine being made.