Loved this laptop. It was great for the 1 week I got to use it. HATE Toshiba Customer Service.Toshiba has this great software that reminds you of software updates, driver updates, etc. Everyday, it reminded me that I needed to update my BIOS firmware (required/recommended update). Against my better judgement, I did this and sure enough it killed the PC.I called Toshiba and their rep told me "oh, we don't recommend people update the BIOS firmware". Except their software update has it as a REQUIRED update and bugged me every day for a week. Turns out that if your BIOS firmware is hosed, then you are totally out of luck and have to return it to the depot for repair. Oh and you have to pay to get it sent (approx $26).So I send the PC into the repair depot for repair. I get a email with a web-link to check on the status of the repair. The estimated time for any repair is 10 working days. On the 10th day, I get a status update which says "will need new part. will add additional 10 days". Need a new part??? How about just loading the old BIOS?? I can't even imagine how expensive this would be if it wasn't under warranty.After the additional 10 days, I go to check the status and suddenly there is no record of my repair. I wait a few days and check again. Same thing.I call to find out if I can find the status. I get the automated answering service and faithfully follow directions to "check on depot repair status". I choose this option and it says "check website link" and hangs up on you.I call again and finally get a hold of someone (don't try check depot repair status, it just hangs up on you). They tell me that the repair depot is waiting on a part. I ask them why the web-link status doesn't seem to reflect that. They don't know. I ask them when was the information updated, they tell me more than 2 weeks ago. I explain that I am getting mixed messages since his update is the same one I saw sometime back but the website link for the repair does not have any record of my repair. I explain that I am worried that my laptop has been lost, sent back already, or something. I am told to check back in a week and they will have an update.I check back today (its been a week) on the website link and now the repair link has completely expired and wont even pull up.At this point I am not even sure I have a laptop anymore. But I really liked it for the 1 week.UPDATE:Received the PC back from Toshiba Repair Depot yesterday. PC hard drive had been completely wiped clean (seems unnecessary) and today it does not work again and I have to return it back to Toshiba.I turn on the PC and it asks me to setup windows all over again. Halfway through it hangs and sits there for 2 hrs doing nothing. I turn off the power and reboot and then it says that there is a problem and it won't reboot.I call customer service and they run me through the procedure to reboot from partition. Part of the procedure requires you to take out the battery. I turn the pc over and notice that the hard drive cover is open. Also the motion has caused the hard drive to pop out of its slot. I replace the hard drive and reboot. The laptop now doesn't even recognize that a hard disk is available. So now my call gets elevated to a Toshiba case manager.I get the Toshiba Case manager and they tell me that I will have to return it back to the depot. As in the same repair depot that wiped my hard drive and sent me back a non-working pc. I explain the whole story outlined above and tell them that since the hard drive is completely wiped clean and I don't want to wait months getting my PC back, that I just want a new PC (same type, etc). I am informed that they absolutely will not do a replacement. I ask to speak to someone else and am told there isn't any one else. They do not elevate above case manager (which is only one level above the tech support btw). I ask if they can at least prioritize getting my PC back to me since it came back from the Repair Depot broken. I am informed they don't do this either.I am NEVER buying another Toshiba again.