Asus may "Target 3 business day turnaround time for repair/replacement" but as they reminded me when I complained "we target 3 days...the actual repairs may take much longer".  They RECEIVED my laptop for repair on February 10.  It is now March 12.  They still have not been able to give me a status on the repair.  I've called 5 times.  The last 2 times they assured me that a supervisor would call me back.  I have yet to receive a call from anyone at ASUS let alone get a status on the repair.  I just called again this evening and they said they don't have a status from the repair facility so I should call back on Monday.Don't believe the 1 year warranty or the "1 Year Accidental Damage Warranty (ADW)" either for several reasons:1) Asus classified the problem that occurred with my laptop as "Customer Induced Damage" and said that isn't covered by the regular warranty or the "1 Year Accidental Damage Warranty (ADW)".2) Asus claimed that I never sent in the warranty card even though I sent it well within the 60 day window.  To their credit, they allowed me fill out the form on the web site after the 60 days when I call them about the problem. Several weeks after I sent in the laptop for repair, they returned my warranty card (even though it was sent to the correct address, filled out properly, and sent in well before the 60 day deadline). The warranty card that was included with the laptop said to mail it in and did not mention a web site.The problem I had with the laptop was that the power plug was loose when I got it.  It worked fine for about a week.  After the first week,  the plug required a slight wiggle where it plugged into the laptop to make contact so that it would charge.  This worked fine for about another couple of weeks week but the degree to which you had to wiggle the plug got larger.  The small pin inside power plug (attached to the motherboard) eventually broke off and the laptop would not charge any more.  When I called them for a warranty repair they said it would not be covered by the "warranty" since it was "Customer Induced Damage".  I explained that the lose power plug was present since I got the laptop and the problem got worse over time until eventually the pin broke off.  They said that if I would have sent the laptop in before the pin broke off that it would have been covered but since I waited until the pin broke off it would not be covered.  I said "Wait a minute, I thought I had a 1 year Accidental Damage Warranty" to which they responded "It only covers drops, spills, power surges, and fire damage".  When I asked if the repair would have been covered if I called and said that I dropped the laptop which resulted in the motherboard pin for the power plug breaking off, they said "Yes".  After quite a bit of arguing and requesting a supervisor they finally agreed to cover the repair if I sent it in.When the laptop was working, it was great.  Unfortunately, ASUS has had the laptop longer now in repair than I was able to use it and I have no status on when it will be repaired.I buy a ton of stuff on Amazon and have generally been very satisfied.  This is the first product that I've been disappointed with sufficiently to write a review.--Update 3/14/2011 - Called back on Monday as suggested. The customer rep said Asus' systems were down so they still can provide status on the laptop.  He suggested I should call back in 30 minutes or more.  Called back 1 hour later and their system is still down.  The person I talked to said that I need to be aware that repairs take up to 14 business days.  I said that "you received the returned laptop on 2/10/2011 so it is well beyond 14 business days".  The person said they would hand-carry the request for information to a supervisor who would call me back with a status.--Update 3/15/2011 - Still have not received a call back or email from Asus as promised but the status changed today to from "In Repair" to "Product Received > (Waiting) > Repairing > Final Testing > Packing > Ready for Shipping > Repair Finished".  I even have a valid FedEx overnight shipping number.  Maybe I just had to talk to the right person at Asus.  I'll provide an update tomorrow after I receive the repaired unit.--Update 04/01/2011 - We have had the laptop back for a couple of weeks now and it is working fine.  The power plug is no longer loose when plugged into the laptop.  I'm positive now that there was a problem with the power plug when we originally got it.  Asus finally called me back to ask about my experience.  They spent about 20 minutes on the phone and patiently listened to what I said.  They apologized for the problems I encountered and said they are working to improve customer support since they recognize there is a problem.  I upgraded my 1 star review to a 3 star review because the laptop is really nice when it is working.