I bought this in early July just a few weeks after it was released. I was coming from a budget HP clunker so anything in the Apple realm would be an enormous step up, but I couldn't decide between the MBP with retina, the cheaper "regular" MBP or the Air. I am a college student and I bought this with traveling in mind. Almost 6 months after I bought it, I can safely say this is one of the best consumer laptops you can buy, even if the new retina MBP has the same guts as this does.+ Battery lifeObviously one of the biggest selling points of this laptop. The battery is larger in this than in previous generations of the MBA, and with the Haswell processors and newly available Mavericks, my MBA easily surpasses the 12 hour mark under normal usage. I should also note that mine has a core i7, and that hasnt affected the battery life at all.+ SSD (256gb)I'm going even going to try to get technical with this, but this things drive is BLAZING fast. Like, up to 700 mb/sec fast. I transferred my entire 57gb music library from the MBA  to a USB 3.0 external drive in 90 seconds. The SSD is the reason why it boots up in 10 seconds, wakes from a cold start in 1 second, etc.+ Haswell cpu/Intel HD5000 gpuI am very impressed with the performance of this chipset. I haven't done much in the way of heavy gaming but it can handle Borderlands 2 without a hiccup. I have yet to tap the full potential of the i7, the only part of this entire system that causes any sort of lag at all (only when im gaming or filesharing) is the RAM (I would suggest you go with 8gb).+ Keyboard and trackpadThe keyboard on this is absolutely phenomenal. As if the keyboard on the previous MBP wasn't good enough, this one is better. The keys sit a tad lower, they have more give, and are more clackety than before. The backlighting is also brighter.Trackpad is the same sublime unit from previous Airs and MBP's. Nothing is different except the new assortment of gestures that come with Mountain Lion (or Mavericks now that it's released)+ OSXI hear people say all the time that OSX is a horrible OS for programming and gaming. Anytime you to get creative, there is something in the way. I personally have no need to program and I'm not a heavy gamer. But if I were, the Steam online store is there and growing everyday...OSX is powerful and refined, yes, but the best thing about it: seamless integration with other Apple peripherals. iCloud has made the functionality of this thing go through the roof. My ipad and Ipod touch are synced with icloud while my icloud is synced with my google cloud, so my android is integrated too!Aside from the standard complaints that Apple customers are entitled to (quality control and so on), this really one instance with Apple in which you get what you pay for. Mine was around $1500, which sounds like a lot. And it is. But compared to other ultrabooks which wear the same price tags, this is very clearly the most well refined and secure choice you can make. Apple has stuck to the winning formula and improved it year after year. For a traveler, this one is a no brainer.