Initial Impressions:Build.This is my first Chromebook. The build itself is very stylish. Kinda surprising when the case is really made of plastic. I like that they put some kind of padding at the bottom and the color goes with the border thingie on the keyboard. It looks really clean and subdued. The keyboard has a nice feel to them. Reminds me of Macbook air.PerformanceIt's like automatic when I push the power button. I can close it and just pick up where I left off a few hours later. I noticed that it gets warm if I put it on a pillow. But its ok when you just carry it around or on your lap. I tend to open a lot of tabs and I noticed that battery life can take a hit if you do this. To be fair I had over a dozen tabs open most of the time and not having so much can improve battery life. The playback of videos from my Movies and TV library can be a little annoying though. When I'm watching and I accidentally touch the trackpad, just touch not click, the video seems to skip a little. So for the most part if I'm watching I leave it alone.The camera is horrible though, it looks like I'm always in a dark room even though I have ample lighting in the room. So when I chat with my mom who lives in Sydney, I use my tablet.AppsI'm trying to get used to how the apps work. For example, if I watch the movies of tv shows on my google TV or tablet, I have to use the play movies app. But here I have to remember to watch them via Youtube. I just hope they standardize it among google products. Not a big deal but a source of confusion for newbies.I hope google can entice more developers to develop more quality games. Most of the games are casual in nature so for the most part I go back to my Windows 7 pc to play (I like to consider myself a serios PC gamer).Summary:So far I'm happy with my purchase. Will update soon after a few more weeks.Update 10/20/2013The keyboard is not backlit so normally I just use the light from the screen to help me see the letters on the keyboard. Kinda primitive lol.The sound from the speaker is not bad at all. I must have lowered my expectations from some of the other reviews but its ok. However I noticed that if I use it as my "radio" it does take a decent drain battery wise. So use earphones when you can.I also found out that my old phone charger is of low power charger for the chromebook. So I now use the chromebook charger as my charger for tablet and phone as well.Also when you lie in bed and you use the chrmebook, the screen doesn't swivel as much as ordinary laptops. So you'll need a pillow to prop up your head (I normally rest it against my lap but I usually have my legs folded up so I open the chromebook as much as I can and use  pillow). It's not a big deal but it's one of those things you notice.I have to say that the no hard angles approach work for me. It's just good to look at.All in all its just minor things that I was used to with my old laptop.