I currently am and have been using this laptop for many years. At first when it came out, it was really expensive (I got it for $1200), was really fast for it's time, and pretty good. Now looking at it, it is very bad and i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.Cons: The 2GB Ram is the MAX the motherboard supports, the 80GB hard-drive somehow is still magically working, and the 80GB space itself is worthless: I have 2TB external drive hooked up since I need a lot of space. The "ATI Mobility Radeon x1400" video card is really slow, doesn't work with a lot of games, and isn't even supported by ATI/AMD anymore, I AM USING 3RD PARTY VIDEO CARD DRIVERS right now; Imagine when Windows 8 comes out, i bet not even the 3rd party drivers would have an update out anytime soon. The DVD reader/burner constantly fails on me, i keep having to resort to using someone else's computer to rip the cd/dvd, save it as an iso file, and then copy it over using a usb. There is also a major problem with the screen hinge, do a quick search around for "Dell Inspiron E1505 Hinge", and you are sure to find some complaints and videos. I have NEVER used the MediaDirect, way too slow. Front speakers are really bad quality. Cannot play Skyrim, Prototype, any GTAs, WoW, LoL, Crysis, Starcraft, Wolf:ET. Can only play simple games, few exceptions for games like Minecraft where you can download mods to make it faster. Already mentioned this, but i must repeat: VIDEO CARD IS UNSUPPORTED ANYMORE, be warned! I cant find Official drivers! Havent tested recently, but battery runs out extremely fast, maybe about 4 hours without usage, and 2-3 with usage. No HDMI, but thats obvious considering laptop is 7 years old. Laptop is HEAVY and bulky, 6 pounds might not seem like much, but put it in a backpack and carry it around all day, it becomes noticeable very quickly.Pros: Keyboard area is waterproof (Dropped a full cup of water over the keyboard once, nothing broke, but don't try this at home.), buttons on the front are handy and work fine, never had this laptop overheat, i still have the original battery working 100% fine, 4 usb ports, ONLY 1 dead pixel. I only restart this laptop once every couple of months, or if a major windows update that needs to be restarted, but i cant remember the last time i kept my laptop fully shut off (not counting power outages), and it works fine overall. Linux works on it.Final notes: Again, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless you just need a "Facebook machine"; . If you were seriously considering this, know that my CPU is 1.83gHz, the ad says 2.0gHz, but either way, that's pretty slow for today's requirements. Again, the Motherboard only supports a MAX of 2GB ram, thats horrible, even today's requirements have 4GB as like the bare minimum for today's times. I regret not opting for the tv-tuner back then, it would have been extremely nice to have on a laptop. Currently using Windows 7 ultimate x64. This laptop lived through windows xp, vista, 7, and about to make it to windows 8. I really cant say how many times ive reformatted the laptop, ive lost count. Even tried linux a few times, couple of dual boots, and once time a triple boot that worked just fine. Right now the laptop just sits in the corner of my desk on top of a very light-duty cooler, i use it's screen as a secondary monitor, and use a 21" AOC true-widescreen led monitor as my main one; in comparison, the laptop's 15" seems too small and square. I also use a bluetooth keyboard, wireless mouse, the 2TB total external drives i mentioned, 7.2 surround sound (a 2.1 and a 5.1, using a 3.5mm splitter). As ive said earlier, i never turn off this laptop, its been running like that for about 3 years out of the 7 years or so that ive had it. Its going to be one excellent day when i finally build my gaming desktop computer and throw this Inspiron laptop out the window for the dogs to sleep on.