After listening to the click of death in my previous laptop, I finally decided to take the plunge and pick up a T100.  I wanted one because #1 they are light and #2 they transform into a tablet.  I actually downgraded from a pretty heavy duty laptop as I wanted something that would be much easier to travel with.  This fit the bill perfectly.  I got the 64GB solid state drive version and at this price, it'd be hard to do any better, especially considering the fact that with a micro SD card, you can double the HD space for around $50.  I would also recommend picking up an external HD and a USB hub.  This is due to the fact that the base only has a single USB port.  I actually picked up a mouse as well.  After adding these things, I've got the perfect tablet for on the go and the perfect laptop for when I'm home working.  Total damage including laptop was around $480.  It'll be less if you have some of the things mentioned above, but I'd definitely recommend having them as they really increase the T100's attributes.I've hard that some people have issues with the keyboard, I haven't noticed anything wrong with the setup and I consider myself to have relatively large hands with something I call dumb finger syndrome.  A couple of my personal minor complaints are that the shift key is a bit small, it takes a minute to get used to hitting the right shift key as it's a bit out of place and smaller than a normal keyboard...obviously.  Also, the microphone in this thing is absolutely terrible.  Once again, not an issue as I just bought a pair of SkullCandy for like $20 which included a mic and this fixed the problem.  It didn't matter as I needed something for when I was in public anyways, but it should be noted that almost everybody has issues with the mic on this thing.  But at the price point, you can't have it all.  The mic with the SkullCandy actually makes Skype calls really crystal clear and much better than on my previous laptop.I've noticed that the WiFi is actually much more stable with whatever this thing has to connect to it.  I have no idea why, but my old laptop would constantly connect and disconnect and this one never does.  I was surprised at how much I like the Windows' windows (I have no idea what to call the tiles on the tablet).  They're really easy to use and make it so I can just glance at it and know if I have any emails, missed calls, FB posts, LinkedIn whatevers, etc.  I'm reminded of that commercial where the guy with the Windows phone is skydiving and quickly checks his phone for his updates.  It really is like that and I actually prefer the setup to the iPad.Overall, I've been able to run everything I need to, including Adobe PS and Premiere, as long as I save the files to my external hard drive.  I also tested it with Fallout 3, works reasonably well after twenty minutes of play, though I've hard that it can get bad towards the end of the game due to the scale of the Fallout world.  Not bad though, considering I'm playing on a $400 tablet.  Camera works well for Skype and charging really isn't an issue for me.  Office software is smooth as is YouTube video.  I actually don't even keep that much music or video on my computer anyways as I like to stream video with Amazon Prime and listen to music with Spotify.  Really isn't an issue unless I'm somewhere that doesn't have WiFi (aka poor people places).  I usually don't bring my tablet to those types of places anyways.  I'm actually quite surprised at the power of the ATOM (sp?) processor as it really seems to be better than the previous generations.You don't really need to let it charge for 8 hours, you just have to keep it plugged in until it's fully charged the first time.  You can start it up right away as long as you keep it plugged in.  I'll post again if something goes horribly wrong with it, but so far so good.  I really couldn't be happier with this thing and it really seems like it was built to last.