First off, let me say that I have been checking out the MS Surface and the Dell Venue 11 Pro i5 prior to purchasing the Asus T100TA-C1.  The Surface is nice in the hand and has some great specifications, but was a lot higher than I wanted to pay for a tablet.  The Dell Venue 11 Pro i5 was also nice, but I could not get past the sound of the fan whirling off and on.  Both the Surface and Venue are nice models if you are looking for the higher processing power that the i5 chips would require, but the price and weight are significantly more than the Asus T100 series.I had purchased the Dell and used it for approximately a week before finally getting Dell to agree to let e return it (the Customer Service Department and the process handling purchase and returns was quite lengthy).  As far as the Surface, I had only played with ones in stores and one at work that belonged to a coworker.Additionally, the Asus was purchased to replace my 3rd Gen iPad.On to my review of the Asus:Right out of the box the Asus T100 has been fantastic.  The T100 is a perfect sized tablet, very comparable to my wife's iPad Air.  Setting up the Windows tile screen was fairly intuitive and the learning curve has been easy even though this was the first that I had used Windows 8.Physical attributes of the Asus T100-C1:PROS:-Nice size and light weight.-Plastic shell, with a clear coat but does not feel cheap in the hand.-Touch screen is very nice and responsive. So far, all of my input gestures have been spot on.-Screen and display is very bright and colors look great.  Compared to my wife's iPad Air, the screen looks the same.  -Movie playback looks good using the Netflix App.-Button layout is good as the volume rocker is off to the side, the sleep/power button is on the top so as to not get bumped.-Micro SDXC slot!!!  I put a 64GB U1-speed micro SD-card in and have all of my iTunes library on the SD card versus the onboard memory.-USB 3.0!!!  I will soon load up all of my daughter's videos (which is extensive) and put them onto a small form-factor USB thumb drive for when we are travelling.-Keyboard is a pleasure to use, even though the size is obviously smaller than a standard laptop keyboard, I have had zero issues typing or navigating around the smaller space.  The docking of the table onto the keyboard is solid and clicks snuggly into a cupped partition on the backside of the keyboard. There is a release button at the front of the cupped dock partition that release the tablet and with a slight pull, it easily comes free (versus just falling away from the keyboard).CONS:-Keyboard: smaller than a standard laptop; more like a netbook.  I have had zero issues working on the smaller keyboard, but I wanted to highlight it for those that were expecting it to be comparable with your laptop-sized keyboard.-Plastic shell: The clear coat is a finger print magnet.  I purchased a protective skin from Amazon in order add a layer of protection from scrape and scratches anyway, so no finger print issues anymore.-Micro USB power connection:  The micro-USB power cord sticks straight out from the side of the tablet and looked liable to getting hit so I ordered a right-angle micro-USB to standard-USB cord from Amazon for $5.99 and now the cord barely sticks out before pointing down.-I wish the keyboard had an additional USB 3.0 portAsus/Windows Software:PROS:-Full Windows!!!-Full free version of Windows Office Home!!! I can now surf the web, watch Netflix, load iTunes, and work on actual Word, Excel, and PowerPoint documents without having to use a couple of expensive purchase apps that I have on my iPad that don't always work correctly when received from my coworkers through DropBox.-Real Adobe-The Tile screen is easy to customize and use.-You can have 2 tasks up on the screen at the same time and adjust how much of the screen for each (music and internet, MS Word and FaceBook, whatever)-The swiping of tasks is great; just swipe from the left side of the screen or mouse pad, and you will scroll between tasks.-The tablet software is very interactive in that if you swipe from the right, a menu bar pops out from the right with options related to the task you are working on and general options; swipe from the bottom and a menu bar pops up with file options related to what you are currently doing.  Overall, very easy to be interactive with whatever you are working on.Software CONS:I haven't come across any yet, but my expectations are that of a tablet to fall somewhere between my high-end laptop and my iPad.Overall I am very pleased with my Asus purchase.  I have added the 64GB U1-speed micro SDXC card, a Bluetooth mouse, both tablet and keyboard skins (faux wood skins look surprisingly great), and the right angle micro-USB to standard-USB cord.  I have been using exclusively the Asus for about 10 days and have not used either my iPad nor my laptop during that time.  Unless something unexpected happens from here on out, a 6 year old is soon going to be inheriting an iPad 3rd Gen from her daddy.I hope this review helps in your purchasing decision.Asus/Window 8