I bought this, not particularly enthralled with laptops, in early December 2011 because I was going to be on the road more than usual.  It delivered everything I needed then.  This weekend I was playing a DVD routed to the television via HDMI and about three quarters of the way through it made a popping sound and the picture went blank. All other components seem to be running fine. I called their customer service today and got a pleasant customer service person and a case number.  My low rating will go much higher if the repair is done quickly and to my satisfaction.  I have read some customer service reviews about Samsung and they don't sound good.Pros:  It does what I want it to.  Microsoft Office, Email, Youtube, minor gaming.  The instant on feature is quite nice, and the non-glare screen large enough and clear enough to read e-books in comfort.  It is not bad looking, open or closed, and the weight is low enough to sit in my lap.  It does not seem to get very warm.Cons:  Battery life for me has been about three hours on an 80 percent charge which is the default recommendation.  The touchpad is annoyingly  sensitive and, though I have a cordless mouse that works with it, I cannot figure out how to disable the touchpad when I need to.  Construction is suspect, as evidenced by the opening paragraph, but I am not sure if I got a lemon or just a crappy machine.I guess the jury is out on the final rating.After the 48 hours passed I called them again.  I gave the people the case number and they were mostly clueless about the problem.  I explained it to them once again and they emailed me a UPS label for return service and I sent it back to them using the UPS store.  I checked this evening and the barcode was registered as in transit.  The scheduled delivery is on 03/05 and I will monitor and report progress of fixing the problem as it develops.  I am a bit unsatisfied with the return process so far because:a}  They could not recognize the problem from the initial callb}  They issued me another case number after they failed to identify the problem that I fully explained the first time that I called themc}  I have been unable to register the product on the net and over the phone.  When I questioned that process I was told that there was probably some updating of the website and I should try later.  Subsequent attempts failed.d)  I am very suspicious of their warranty policy performance at this point.Update:The unit was received and repaired, but after two days it is still not being shipped back.  I had a lot of trouble registering it, but finally figured out that I could only complete the process in I.E.  Chrome would not do it.  Once registering, and additional three months of warranty was tacked on to the initial year and that is kind of nice.  Will add to this when the laptop is finally returned.I will update this with any further developments.