This laptop is one of the best electronics purchases I've ever made. I was hesitant at first because I'm very brand conscious. I'd never heard of VIZIO before, so I based my decision on the mostly positive reviews and the incredible value that this model currently represents. I purchased this VIZIO for $650 from Amazon Prime, which is very low when you consider what you're getting.All the other reviews are correct. The 15.6" 1920x1080 IPS matte screen on the VIZIO is amazing and the best I've ever seen. Apple's MBP has a higher resolution, but the gloss ruins it for me. Comparing the VIZIO to my wife's HP and my mother's Macbook Air, there is no comparison. This screen is top shelf and more than makes up for any other shortcomings.I got about 4hrs of battery life on a full charge just doing web browsing and word processing. That would have been good a few years ago, but many laptops are now getting 7 hours, so this VIZIO gets fairly mediocre battery life. Though, it's a worthwhile sacrifice for such a lovely screen.The 3rd gen Core-i5 ultra-low volt CPU is great even for heavy Excel and Access work. I do get close to using up all 4GB of memory, and I confirmed that you cannot upgrade the memory on this laptop. The memory in the VIZIO thin and light is soldered onto the motherboard.As for the exterior construction, the aluminum body gives the whole laptop a premium feel even though you're paying a low-end price. The keyboard, however, should have been thought through a bit more. My wife's HP has the same dimensions as this VIZIO, but HP managed to squeeze a full-sized keyboard onto their laptop, including a numpad! VIZIO's keyboard doesn't even have Home, End, and Page Up/Down keys. Bad fengshui. The touchpad gets more bad criticism than it deserves because the initial drivers and settings are bad. The first thing you need to do when you get this laptop is update the touchpad drivers and reduce the touchpad sensitivity. Then disable all the multi-touch functions except the two fingered scroll-up and scroll-down. The touchpad will work fine after you do that.Finally, one of the main reasons why I say buy this laptop ASAP is because of wonderful Windows 7. New PC's are being taken over by Windows 8, which is a shame because Windows 8 is a horrible OS. I'm normally a Microsoft fanboy. I didn't even think Vista was all that bad, but Windows 8 is just awful. I bought Windows 8 on day 1 for my desktop. I wanted to like it, but it's a complete non-intuitive piece of junk. The Start screen is a cluttered mess. The apps are useless distractions that do not belong on a desktop or a laptop. The control panel and settings are hidden away in a stupid location. And somehow the search function doesn't work nearly as well as Windows 7. My university refuses to support Windows 8, so the only way they can guarantee that all of our Citrix and .net applications work is by using Windows 7. So there you have it.If this were a $1000 laptop, I would have given it 4 stars. But considering the value and the Windows 7, I'm definitely feeling 5 stars of love. Enjoy!Edit: I just discovered that the FN key and the arrow keys double as Home, End, PgUp, and PgDn keys. That's helpful.