When I first bought this laptop, I actually thought the image was skewed and I was going to receive a laptop with a more standard 16:9 aspect ratio, instead of the 22:10 that it comes with.Plain and simple, I bought it for the specs - an i5 third gen processor with 6GB of RAM and a 500GB hard drive with an extra SSD built-in to speed up boot times and OS tasks. All those things ring true when I work and play on the laptop. Now, back to the screen.When I first opened the box, I thought to myself - this looks nice. Brushed metal with a rubberized top section on the lid, and a rubberized palm rest. It really feels nice to the touch. I also thought, why in the hell did Toshiba make such a long and thin laptop with such a bizarre screen aspect? I was still in awe of my great deal i5-wise, so I turned it on and started using it.My first impression was not against the laptop or its screen, which is very bright and colorful. It was against Windows 8. I noticed a lot of reviews that were negative in regards to the touchpad on this laptop. At first, I felt the same way. Until I looked at the touchpad demo in the Control Panel. Two fingers to scroll left and right and up and down, as opposed to the extreme right or bottom margin in my old laptop. Now I was cooking with gas.Suddenly the touchpad wasn't so bad at all. And the large screen makes it possible to keep an application AND Skype or another messenger app running and in focus. Now I got what Toshiba was thinking - there's never enough screen real estate, so to get bigger, you have to go outward and not upward.The next day, after a hundred updates, Windows 8.1 installed itself on my system, and broke my Wi-Fi! The forums recognized this as a known problem Intel and Microsoft was ignoring, but Intel had the current drivers on its site. (Toshiba did not.) Note that the Wi-Fi, while 802.11-N capable, is single band. So if you expect to take advantage of a dual-band router, you'll need to upgrade your Wi-Fi card. But, my Start menu came back, so while I was miffed at the Microsoft powers-that-be, I could launch Windows 8.1 to the Desktop, and that was exactly what I needed.As far as battery life is concerned, I'm getting 5 to 6 hours, depending on what I do. On a flight, I watched two movies for a total of 4 hours and 15 mins, after using the laptop in the terminal to copy some files and check email; so the battery life is quite good.The chicklet-style keyboard works well, but could be better in the sense that there's not much travel downward. So, that equates to not much travel back upward, making the keyboard seem like there's no feedback. But, it gets the job done for me, and after a half hour of typing, I got quite used to it. Besides, the backlight actually makes the letters on the keys light up, which is all kinds of cool in the dark.Movie playback in general is very good with the full-size HDMI connector. Sound is loud and crisp - almost as loud as my TV is, which makes gaming fun. I did find one issue with the widescreen aspect in this regard - my 1080p TV recognized the signals and displayed as a second screen just fine, but my older 720p Samsung TV did not. No amount of fiddling seemed to work, so I had to use my wife's laptop to watch movies on our "big" screen.All in all, this laptop is one of my favorites. I'm coming from a Lenovo T61P, so the switch to an ultrabook with a chicklet-style keyboard, and to a Windows 8-style touchpad, is pretty drastic. This is the wave of the future, I guess. Might as well enjoy the ride.Pros: * Power and features for the price * Looks good, feels sturdy for such a long screen * Bright LED screen with lots of horizontal real estate * Good battery life * Excellent sound quality and volume * Movie play and look great * Backlit keyboardCons: * Single band Wi-Fi - I upgraded to an Intel 6235 to get dual-band * Toshiba driver support had no info to fix Wi-Fi problem after 8.1 upgrade * Wide aspect ratio means that it might not play through HDMI on all TV sets * Can't find a case/sleeve that fits it well - Thanks ObamaCare!