I always build my own desktops, and though I love the mobility of the laptop, I hate paying laptop prices knowing that I could have 5 times the computer for the same price if I built it myself. But, for the Black Friday price, this thing was a steal.I really just wanted a laptop for word processing, browsing the web, and responding to email while I was on the go. I wanted to replace my netbook, which was barely running at that point, but knew that I wanted more screen real estate going forward. Given what I was using it for, anything that cost more than this was absurd. This, however, was agreeable.To my surprise, though, it's not too shabby for gaming. I installed Steam and have been playing Torchlight II, and even beat Portal and Portal II over Christmas week without any hangups. On the default settings, of course. It's not a gaming rig, after all.I also love that they included a full 10-key on the right hand side of the keyboard. I can't imagine having a laptop without this now. It's awesome.I like the multi-touch trackpad overall. I've tried to fine tune the sensitivity, but it still seems to have a few quirks, which are annoying but not a deal breaker. It will often zoom when trying to perform two-finger scrolling. It will also often scroll in the wrong direction if you're trying to scroll a very short distance. There was a problem with it activating app switching when trying to navigate too far to the left of the trackpad. There's an option to reduce the area that will activate app switching (or turn it off completely if you prefer), so now it only switches apps when I start with my finger off of the trackpad and swipe in from the left, just like using a Windows 8 tablet. Two-finger scrolling doesn't work in parts of the Metro UI, which is annoying.The only thing that really irritated me, and the same thing that irritates me about all laptops, is the bloatware. I expect them to be there, but in this instance, most of the applications that Lenovo pre-installed merely duplicated the features that were already included in Windows 8 by default. Completely useless, and then taking up my hard drive space to boot. For the price, I can't really complain about having to take an hour or so to hunt down all of the junk they installed to remove it, but if I'd paid full price, or the price of most other laptops, I'd have much less to say about this laptop that's positive. It's 2013. People know how to use computers, they know what software they use, and they don't think they're getting a better deal because you're shipping your products with "OMG! So much free stuffs!" It's time for manufacturers to start shipping with clean, unmodified installs of Windows. The hardware is cheap. Most of what I'm paying for is software licenses. Given that, I'd like to get the software I'm paying for.