I'm a computer programmer and I paid 360 for this and am quite satisfied.  For me a perfect laptop is one that is not dog slow like a netbook and also one that won't incinerate. :)  This one so far comes out like a champ on both fronts, after about 3 months of moderate use.I've tried netbooks and found them unusable because they are way too slow for my purposes, which includes using some pretty heavy and cumbersome programming IDEs in Java that themselves tend to be dog slow.  This machine is fine with those.  This machine is not super-fast or anything but good enough for those type of things, unlike the netbooks, which are brought to their knees weeping and stuttering by those aforementioned IDEs.  ;)Also the budget factor is a good thing, because it means this machine runs cooler because it only has one processor/core.  I should not need multiple cores for web browsing, email and the like.  I'm guessing the single processor core is why this thing is rarely hot to the touch.For performance, it's nice for you readers to see hard numbers, and Windows 7 makes it easy to get these:  In the Windows 7 STARTMENU+BREAK window mine has these RATINGS: 4.1 for calcs per second, 4.4 for memory ops per second, 3.1 desktop performance for Windows Aero, 4.4 for gaming and 3D business graphics, and 5.6 for disk data transfer rate.I don't mostly care about desktop performance for Windows Aero, though mine has I think all of those features turned on, including right now I'm looking at the transparent glass effect, the start-menu+tab collation of windows, the vastly improved Mac-like taskbar of Windows 7 with pop-up miniature Windows.  All that works fine here, so not sure what that 3.1 is about.But for the rest, those are respectable numbers for this price.  The 4.1 for calcs/second is perhaps the rating most of concern - a core i3 or similar will have about 5.5 here at 32 bits or a core 2 duo desktop of mine has 6.5 at 64 bits - it seems running at 64 bit gets you higher numbers there from my experience, so if you can install 64 bit Windows 7 on here, that number may go up to the 5's and you may be seeing more visible speed with the 64 bit OS, though you may have a couple non-functioning 32-bit software challenges.  (But the 32 bit stuff in theory is supposed to work fine with the Windows 64 bit operating systems.)I'm running this with the Windows 7 32 bit that it came with.  The 4.1 like I say is adequate.The battery life is pretty good too.  I'd say about two hours of steady use, though not necessarily playing movies or something taxing like that - I don't generally do that on here either.  I also don't use it for games, so no idea how it works there, probably acceptable for many though since it runs Aero decently and that requires I think a number of the same primitive support.So I'm extremely happy with this purchase.  A very nice, clean, simple cool business oriented laptop I would call it, for those like me who want respectable performance, but don't need higher levels of performance for the latest games - and notably even on the gaming front I would gather this again would be mostly just fine again!  I think many people out there would benefit from dumping their old laptop clunker and getting this bargain with Windows 7.