A laptop is an important purchase, so this is an extensive review:I am a freshman student in college, and my old laptop was just not keeping up with the workload.  Admittedly, it was a five year old Toshiba Satellite, so it was high time for it to retire. I spent weeks researching laptops.  I wanted certain things I was not going to settle.  In the end, I went with the Lenovo G780.At first, I was a little skeptical of the dark brown color, but when I opened the box, I saw that it was beautiful.  Just a shade lighter than dark chocolate.  The design is sleek for a 17.3 inch laptop yet I don't feel like it will snap in half like some other models I saw in stores.  The screen is huge and the brightness is easily adjustable-- something my roommate will appreciate when I'm writing papers at one o'clock in the morning.Another thing my roommate will appreciate are the keys; compared to standard keyboards and the keyboard of my Toshiba, it is relatively quite.  I type at over 60 words a minute without even trying so I need a good keyboard to keep up with me.  The G780 definitely does.  The AccuType keys are curved and made of a matte type plastic, which is wonderful after having to type on sleek, sticky keys that left my fingerprints all over them.  They are also well spaced and large-- I always hated keyboards where the backspace button is just an arrow, which is not the case here.  It also has a number pad, one of my requirements for a laptop.Really, the entire system is quiet, even upon start up.  I was so used to the annoying hum of the fans working at full speed and the click of a touchpad's buttons that this is practically silent. The touchpad itself is large and slightly textured, with the edge scroll being uniquely textured so I don't have to look down to see if I am touching the right spot to scroll.  Maybe this is a common attribute of touchpads, but I could adjust just about everything on it, from what a two finger tap means to what a three finger swipe does.  If you aren't used to the mouse holding onto something until you click again(like a window you tried to move or a scroll bar you just used) it can also be changed.One of my biggest fears was that the OneKey Rescue System, which puts the computer back to factory settings, would be a part of the keyboard and that I would hit it on accident.  I have everything backed up on an external hard drive, but I was still a little hesitant.  Don't be worried though.  The OneKey Rescue system is near the power button and is slightly indented into the computer, so you really have to try to push it for it to work.Down to the actual system itself. Of course, like all computers running Windows 7 Home Premium, there is a start menu and such.  I actually looked for Windows 7 over 8 because I didn't want to use that launch pad or whatever it was.  When the computer boots, it took 51 seconds.  (I know this because there is a program that helps you optimize the booting system.  It was so fast!)  And when you open the laptop after it goes to sleep, the lock screen pops up before you can blink.  My old laptop was running Intel Core i3, so this is so much faster than what I expected.I'm not one for gaming, so I can't really say how well this holds up on that end, but I have been running several programs at once like photo editing software, Itunes, Google Chrome (with several tabs), and Microsoft Word.  There have been no freezes or anything like that.  However, I do like watching movies and streaming videos and such, and this computer holds up well.  I did run into a problem with Netflix, but I just needed to run Google Chrome as an administrator for it to work.  Also, YouTube and Hulu videos were coming up green and splotchy.  All I had to do was right click, hit settings, and disable the hardware acceleration.  That happened to me on the other computer though.  The speakers are on the edge near the touchpad, underneath the computer.  It works well despite the weird positioning, without any skipping.  In face, I can lift the computer and dance around with it without the sound skipping.I would give the web camera a 10/10.  The video quality is super high; I swear I could practically see the pores on my face with that thing.  It even has the desktop capture thing that lets you record what you are doing on your own screen, kind of like those how-to videos.  You can put up a whole bunch of fun effects and there is a link to directly put videos and such on Facebook from the web camera software.Really, there is nothing bad that I can say about this laptop, except for maybe that the charger is a little short, which is easily fixed with an extension cord.  Beyond that, it is a perfectly lovely laptop for what it is designed for.  It is a little too large to be super easily portable; you'll need a bag or backpack to carry it around, not a little purse.  If you are looking for a well rounded computer that has all the power of a desktop, this is for you.