In my opinion, this is the finest computer ever built - it is simply extraordinary.After going through the initial setup and messing around for a few minutes, I felt as giddy as I did when I first experienced the 3G iPhone, 27" iMac, iPhone 4, iPad, and iPad 3... another step forward.Every little detail is accounted for.  The case is gorgeous with not a blemish or burr to be found - extremely precision.  It feels very sturdy, too; no flex.  The chiclet keys do not compress quite as deeply as past keyboards and the scalloped area they sit in is not as deep (as past MBPs) either.This computer is extremely snappy, virtually instant-on, both boot-up and wake times.  The solid-state HDD makes all the difference, combined with 8GB of ram - everything feels like it happens instantly.The trackpad feels perfect - easily the best pad in the industry.  The click is just right, and gesturing is buttery-smooth.The sound really is impressive for a laptop, and such a thin one at that.  Great voice clarity.And of course I'll save the best for last - the Retina display is game-changing.  I'm a visual learner so this means everything to me.  It reminds me of the first time I started watching HD programming, then seeing the amazing resolution on the 27" iMacs, and then the Retina displays on the iPhone 4 and iPad 3 - except that it trumps all of those.  The clarity just leaves you awestruck.  The overall experience is breathtaking.I've read all the formal reviews and was aware of the potential scroll lag/frame rate issue on certain web pages at the highest resolution raised by Anantech (which is about the only complaint I've heard besides the price tag and lack of upgradability) - and I absolutely wouldn't let it deter you.  Out of the box, it feels great even with Lion.  Further, you can see videos on youtube of people running Mountain Lion that say any of the aforementioned minuscule issues have been smoothed out.  I would also add that everything is very tiny at the highest resolution to begin with, so using the classic scaled sizes will probably be the preference of most users (which still benefit immensely (4x sharper) from the Retina display).  It will take awhile for all apps/browsers/etc to be Retina optimized, but such is the cost of being first with the latest technology.Regarding upgradability, everybody knows that the components are hardwired this time and the battery is glued in - to me, it's as simple as ordering what you need up front.  I chose the base model for several reasons:  a lot can be backed up in the cloud including your matched music (which at $25/year is a great deal), a 1 TB portable drive (about the size of a wallet) is around $100 if I really need to bring a ton of content somewhere, and this being the first version, I'm sure there will be improvements in subsequent models, at which point I may sell this and upgrade.Lastly, I wanted to mention that the packaging by Amazon was first-rate.  The white rMBP box came packed in another box with robust cardboard corner inserts that capped each corner (of the white rMBP box).  Then that box was packed in yet another box, with air packs filling the small gap.  The white rMBP box was in pristine condition with perfect corners.  It shipped UPS 2nd day air.There you have it.