As this is a review of the HP 11 and not Chrome OS, I'll avoid discussing 'software'. Needless to say, if it works in the Chrome web browser without additional software, it will work on a Chromebook.I've owned a Samsung Series 5 since they came out, a Series 550 when they came out and a Series 3 when they came out a year ago. Ive used a Chromebook as my main laptop for a half-year stretch, everything went fine, bought a MacBook to try, and now I'm back on Chromebooks. A week ago I bought an HP 11 in red from Google, here is my breakdown.Pros :- Screen. Amazing color clarity. Blacks are black, there is no light bleeding, no viewing angle issues, it's really impressive when compared to previous models.- Speakers are loud! Half volume is enough to fill my living room with sound. They do crackle if you turn them up too loud, but there is usually no need to.- Keyboard is *incredible*. Before this CB, the Series 5 had my favorite keyboard, this one is better yet. Springy and not too shallow, VERY quiet.- The build quality is what really blew me away about this CB. It's solid! Other Chromebooks, especially the 5 550, were prone to creaking, especially when you open them, this one is silent and extremely well built (or at least it feels that way). The plastic isn't cheap like on the Series 3 and 5, it doesn't flex.- It's silent. I couldn't imagine a better companion for class than this Chromebook. I actually hear 'phantom fan noise' every now and then, having used a MBA with a loud fan for so long, silent operation is great.- Battery life. Compared to my 3g Series 5, its WAY shorter (the 5 gets 8 hours), but compared to the 550 its about 2 hours longer. It's nearly identical to the Series 3. It's not super long, but not short at all. I can take it with me to class and not have to charge it if I work offline when taking notes (you can use Google Docs and Slides offline!!). Because it's charged with a micro usb, you can buy extended batteries designed for charging phones to extend the battery life, though I can't see needing that.- Price. $279 is REALLY hard to beat for the quality of this thing.- USB charging! I can unplug my Chromebook and plug in my phone to the same charger. My phone gets topped off before the Chromebook battery goes down even 5%, it's great not having to find a cable for my phone anymore.Cons :- The trackpad could be more accurate. It feels great, but the Series 3 and 550 both have glass coatings which made them wonderful to use. The HP 11 is similar to the Series 5, which is still great, but not as smooth or accurate.- Chrome OS is not fully optimized for ARM. This isn't a flaw with the Chromebook, it's Chrome OS. Until the Series 3 (released last year), Chrome OS has been on Intel chips. That's a solid 2+ years of development for x86/x64. In time though, Chrome OS will become better on ARM. My Series 5 still runs Chrome OS well (my girlfriend uses it every day), I imagine the Series 3 and HP 11 will run it well into the future also.I would have no problem recommending the HP 11 to anyone. Some will say "Get the Haswell one instead", and honestly, I've got a 550 with a Sandybridge Celeron and Ive used a C720 (which I shipped back for this one!), the difference is noticeable maybe 5% of the time. The other 95% of the time what I DO notice is the keyboard, speakers and display. Google and HP made the most-used parts of a Chromebook the best they could for the price and sacrificed a little performance for it, and personally, I prefer the small size and crazy-good build quality over small performance gains any day. If you are into comparing specs, maybe you're missing the point of using a Chromebook.edit: zRAM is enabled by default in Chrome OS now so 'enable swap' is no longer necessary. I do recommend disabling extensions you don't often use and installing Flash Control and AdBlock Plus to speed things up.