As close to what I want in a tablet/laptop as I can currently see on the market.The only two things that would make this tablet/laptop better is ~11in screen size and greater than 1080p screen resolution. Still enjoying it immensely, though!I've connected a mouse via the wireless bluetooth connection, so this circumvents the rather poor trackpad, IMO. A good workaround I would recommend for those looking to use desktop/mouse-based functionality.My intention is to test how using an external hard drive for gaming works out. Utilizing the USB 3.0 port should allow this, so games that aren't too recent (mostly Steam games from before 2009) are what I'll fiddle around with. If this solution works, it'll eliminate the need for additional storage in the machine itself; this will leave my 32GB version with plenty of room for essentially only tablet specific apps.Getting back to the tablet itself: this largely addresses the small gripes I had with the Vivotab Smart. The sound is much improved from the one mono speaker to the dual stereo speakers. The inclusion of the Bay Trail Z3740 Atom in this T100 stomps the floor with the Clover Trail Z2760 Atom in the Vivotab Smart. Display is largely the same. The only thing that lacks by comparison is the case (which isn't a big deal for me); T100 is glossy compared to the quality feel of the Vivotab Smart. Overall, a great improvement!So, depending on how the workarounds for the internal storage work out, this may be my tablet/laptop of choice for the next year to several years. (-:Update1: Using a WD My Passport Ultra 500GB USB 3.0 External Hard Drive, I tried Counter-Strike (original) and Torchlight 2; both worked successfully. Will try Diablo III soon after it downloads.Update2: Success, albeit with reduced visuals. Game is definitely in a playable state. :) I was also able to get Portal 2 to play well on the external HD; awesomeness. An excellent solution for PC gaming on the go as well as having a simple tablet when you need it. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Update3: Encountered what I believe to be a Bluetooth battery drain bug. I was able to reproduce it reliably a few times now, so I think I can positively say how to get around it.That is to say, if you want to reproduce it, you'll need a Bluetooth device (I got my Bluetooth mouse). Make sure it's connected to the tablet. Then, simply put the tablet into sleep mode (close the lid or tap the power button). After that you can wait for the Bluetooth device to time off or turn it off yourself.Instead of sipping power at less than 1% per hour like normal, it's more like 10-20% per hour in this state. I imagine this is caused by how Windows 8 engages sleep mode with peripherals attached. An easy workaround is for you to turn off your Bluetooth device before you place the tablet into sleep mode.Rather annoying to deal with but doesn't affect my opinion of this device; still a fantastic product!