First, to give an idea of which laptops I'm used to, and first impressions of the Vaio ultrabook in comparison to thesethe Thinkpad series for company/work purpose(from the earlier models to quite recent ones, but not 'ultrabook' thinkpad like X1 carbon)Asus G74sx gaming laptop (personal/gaming use)A thinkpad T61 I have lying around.Looks:With the lid shut down, this is the definite winner with its silver/Aluminum glossy and quasi-business look. I was a bit worried it might look a bit too 'personal' or home-usey type but that was not the case at all. Looks sleek, sharp well defined polite edges, and shiny at places without looking gaudy, I could take it to a client meet if I had to and not feel embarrassed.With the lid open, well its more of very 'simple' look really. But growing on me. In comparison, the Thinkpad have a very professional layout and with all bell and whistles buttons. And yep, wont compare it to the gaming laptop cuz thats a desktop replacement.Has at least an inch and half of metal above the screen, and an inch on the sides. Sony could have worked on the form factor here, but this design might be for whatever build/engineering purpose I do not know about.Keyboard: Thin low profile (not deep as with the Thinnkpads) flat type keys like the Asus gaming laptop. The Asus laptop's keys feel soft to touch and barely make noise while typing. This ultrabook's keys seem somewhat a bit 'hard' in composition and make more or less same noise as the thinkpads while typing. Some people have complained about the layout feeling alien or taking time getting used to.. but I'm typing this review on the ultrabook and am feeling at home already. Looks wise everything of this ultrabook is in silver/aluminum but for the  keys which are black in color.Trackpad: ALL.MY.RAGE. Yes I mad. And as an update, this review accidentally went live while I was hitting the piece of crap trackpad. It feels like someone spilled some pasta sauce/olive oil over here.. and then cleaned it up by spraying Mr clean. As in Looks smooth, feels sticky/sketchy and is non responsive sometimes. Why should I have to tap so hard or try a couple times to catch the scroll bar of a page. I have a Motorola Atrix webtop (the first version that came out), which was notorious for its stupidity of trackpad. This ultrabook has its pimped out cousin. Seems like since Sony has integrated bluetooth 4.0 into the laptop, it assumed (I assume) that everyone will be using a wireless/blutooth mouse.(And also, could have at least kept a really thin separation between the mouse button and the rest of the pad.. instead of it just being an extension of the keypad. Now I have to look to place my thumb at the right place, instead of getting a feel for it. Will take a bit till I get used to it, but this part is my personal gripe). Wont compare the trackpad to the Thinkpad's (uber excellente) or Asus's (somewhat slippery) cuz Ha..haha..hahahaha <turns into neurotic r4g3>As a disclaimer, please dont judge the overall machine based on quite unfavorable opinion on the trackpad. And if you're a mouse user, well you know.Processor, power etc: This has an i5 3rd gen, so its good for work, occasional whatever else I guess. Benchmarks could be referenced from anywhere, personally I havent had any issues or noticed something below expected speeds. All ok here.Operating sounds: Not good again here. It creaks and whines when Windows is updating, you open a doc (or web page even sometimes) and just sometimes randomly (yep some regular cpu churning internal process might be eating cycles at that instant..). It doesn't bother me too much, and its not that loud. But the noise is present for sure. The thinkpads are much quieter. Feels out of place as its a very sleek and powerful looking piece of hardware, shouldnt have whine thusly.Battery: good. Not real ultrabook levels maybe, it says 3+ hours remaining for quite a long time (like first 2 hours at least). Not really my area as I charge regularly, and would be carrying the charger wherever I go.Form factor and weight: Its sleek for sure..though still almost looks and feels like a laptop, not an ultrabook. At 3.5lb its no feather. But it feels and looks sturdy - like sleek titanium alloy made for 007's field work type( not the Ima drop this on your foot like a rock type)Ports: Cant complain here - an usb 2.0 and 3.0 each and there's the HDMI and monitor out (in case u need to plug in that projector). There is built in bluetooth in this machine so that takes care of a couple of things by getting bluetooth devices.Sound and such: Havent tested. Will not be using this for audio enjoyment thingy. Noting this in the review as sound is supposed to be Sony's strong suite, and I watched a video on youtube by some dude who had opened up this machine - it showed dedicated nice bar speakers on each side, so its a plus probably if sound is considered.Overall opinion: Its not that less heavier than most laptops. Sure is sleek. Looks sleek and classy. Flat type keyboard (not deep keys). Trackpadseems definite weak point as of now (maybe will free up after use, will update after some use). Almost feels like a thinner/sleeker laptop than an ultrabook. Considering everything 3.5/5