Mine came with Windows 8, so I had to update to 8.1 myself. It's not that hard, but you have to go to the Windows Store instead of Windows Update. My update went smoothly, except something happened to the touchpad driver that disabled two-finger scrolling. But that was easily solved by downloading and installing the latest touchpad driver from Acer's web site.The Good:Insane speed. Since the OS is installed on a SSD, a cold boot takes less than 10 seconds from pressing the power button to getting the login screen. With 8GB of RAM, you don't really need a swap file. You can disable it and save wear on the SSD. You can also upgrade to 16GB if 8GB isn't enough. I also tried rendering some 1080p HD video in Premiere, and a 50-second clip rendered in about 5 seconds.The LCD screen is excellent. 1920x1080 resolution means HD videos can play without needing to be downsized to the screen resolution. It's bright, clear, and has a better-than-average viewing angle.The keyboard is full-sized has a standard layout and has an honest-to-God numeric keypad and arrow keys. The keys don't "click", but they do have a positive feel to them so you don't have to look at the screen to see if the keystroke registered.Upgradeability: There are empty slots for adding additional RAM and hard drives.64-bit Windows. This is kind of mandatory to take advantage of the 8GB of RAM. But when buying or installing software, you need to make sure you get the 64-bit version if available.The built-in audio is good, but not good enough to excite hardcore audiophiles. The headphone output is decent, but has a little bit of audible noise at higher volume levels. The built-in speakers sould like typical laptop speakers--decent in midrange and treble, but totally lacking any bass. If you're an audio snob, you'll want to use an external USB DAC/amplifier.The built-in multi-touch pad is larger than average, and has a nice set of configuration options. The only weird thing is that it doesn't have obvious left-right buttons; you just press on the lower left/right of the the pad to click. It takes a little getting used to, but means the pad can be made larger, because no room is taken up by dedicated buttons. I turned off tapping because a) it prevents accidentally clicking on stuff with the palm of your hand while typing, and b) it's redundant because you have to tap on the pad to click anyway. The buttons have a nice positive audible and tactile click, which I prefer to a tap on a rigid surface with no feedback.The Bad:They forgot to include indicator lights to show if CAP LOCK and NUM LOCK are on or off. So if you're typing in a password, you can get an error without being able to tell why. Are you kidding me? LED's cost maybe a nickel each!It has a DVD drive instead of a Blu-Ray. This kind of defeats the purpose of having that HD-res screen. At least there are USB ports for attaching external drive(s).The Ugly:Windows 8. I would have preferred Windows 7. At least 8.1 lets you bypass most of the Metro user interface silliness.The bottom line:Overall, I can forgive the minor design & configuration sins given the extremely fast performance and the excellent screen and keyboard. 5 stars for now, unless it breaks.