Like you, I needed a laptop and started my search on Amazon only to compare what I liked to the big box stores.  I was looking for a cheap "beater" laptop.  I didn't need anything fancy, and this laptop looked like it fit the bill.This laptop comes with a Celeron processor.  I had images in my mind about the Celerons of yesteryear and was put off by this because they were typically slow.  I took a chance without looking into the CPU further due to the price.  This Celeron is an Ivy Bridge processor which was a huge shock to me.  And though it's not an i3,i5 or i7 it does the job just fine.Who should buy this and why.You should buy this if:You need something somewhat inexpensiveYou want a computer that has Windows 7You need a CD/DVD driveYou want a laptop that has a full size key boardYou want/need a laptop that has a large hard drive - this laptop has a 500 gb hard driveYou do not want to "upgrade" to Windows 8I personally do not use the keyboard as I am not a fan of the style of keys that this laptop has.  Plus the layout is weird and my fingers never got used to it. I would have preferred the mouse pad to be moved over to the right about 3-4 inches.  No matter.  I bought a Logitech wireless keyboard right away as nothing beats a real deal full size keyboard.The battery life is pretty good.  I have not timed it out, but I'd say it's on par with Acer's claims.One thing that does suck is the bloatware (pre-installed software) that comes on this machine, which is to be expected nowadays.  It does come with a bunch BUT you can get rid of all of it almost immediately using PC Decrapifier.  This works very well.  I highly recommend.  Plus, it's free.Basically if you want something cheap(ish) do not ignore this laptop.  I consider myself to be a more advanced user as I have built numerous computers from scratch, so my expectations are somewhat high...and even so I find this laptop to be above average for my needs.  I'm sure at some point I could upgrade the RAM, but at this point I don't even see the need.For the money, I think you would be hard pressed to find something comparable with the features this has.11/14/13 UPDATEI play Left 4 Dead 2 on the regular.  Not on my laptop but on my main desktop computer.  I was bored last night and hopped on Steam and downloaded L4D2 on this laptop, just to check.  I was expecting it to be laggy and choppy, and eventually crash, due to tons of fast moving objects on screen.  I was way wrong.  Talk about impressive!  This game plays very well on this laptop.  Not like my main computer...but then, my main computer has a video card in it that was more expensive than this laptop.  I did notice some choppiness when the screen filled with zombies, but nothing that made me want to turn if off.  I was planning on getting rid of this laptop and then get another one with a video card so I could play games, but after playing last night, I don't see the need anymore.  I'm keeping this until it dies.  Way to go Acer.12/12/13 UPDATEI have experienced my first hardware/software problem with this laptop.  There are 3 USB ports.  1 on the left and 2 on the right.  The port that is closest to me on the right hand side has pretty much died.  Anytime I plug something in it says that the device has failed.  But this is weird.  I can plug my smart phone in, and it will charge the phone, but that's it.  I cannot access anything on my phone.  But when I move it to the port next to it, I can access everything/charge the phone.  So there is power there, but something is not right.  Annoying?  Yes, as I am using the other 2 ports on a consistent basis.  One for the wireless keyboard and 1 for my external mouse.I went into the device manager and tried uninstalling the "unknown device" and then plugging my phone back in, in the hopes that it will reinstall the driver for the phone like normal, and that didn't do anything.  When I plug my mouse into this port, the laser does not come on, and it does not work, yet there is power there to charge a phone, but not enough to allow you to do anything else with this port.Maybe this is hardware, maybe it's software and the computer could use a fresh install of Windows 7.  I may try that out later on down the road.  Or maybe I'll say screw it and just buy a USB hub and deal with it.  This is not a deal breaker, I still love this laptop.