So when the Yoga 11s came out, everyone said it was a shame that it didn't come with haswell. Now we have a refresh with just that, an i5-4210y low powered haswell processor.Design: The yoga 11s is a great mini ultrabook, it's fairly thin, fairly powerful and portable. Opening it up, the keyboard is the first minor disappointment, it has a very dull look and isn't backlit like a lot of the newer ultrabooks. It's not a huge deal but it's something to note. Also something to note that is interesting is the SD card slot, the card goes in all the way flush with the laptop itself. If you aren't satisfied with the storage space you can stick a large SD card in there and use it for expansion without ever having to worry about it falling out.The screen is next, it is still at 1366x768 and while i don't mind that much on a smaller screen, plenty of them has 1080p resolution now. The display however does look really good, colors, brightness, viewing angles are all great.The flexibility is great as i'm always wanting to tilt my laptop further back. I find tent  and lap modes really useful and i wanted to like table mode. However they didn't put much design thought into tablet mode, as the tablet never really closes flat it's always kind of awkward to hold.Typing on the keyboard was really good though. The keys were a good size and had a good grip to them. I felt like i would not have to compromise type speed or accuracy with it.Battery life; the yoga 11s i had high hopes for in battery life when you compare it to other devices. For instance, the Surface Pro 2 with a higher powered 4200u processor, higher resolution sceen, and the same capacity battery gets around 8 hours of use. So considering everything i hoped for around 10 hours of use.  Some benchmarks i performed were:Normal user (web briowsing, videos etc) : around 6 hoursNetflix: 7.5 hoursPeacekeeper browser benchmark: 5.7 hourslocal video : 7.1 hoursThis isn't bad but considering i can buy a device with the same battery, and decently lower powered specs it is a disappointment.Performance, the 4210y and intel HD 4200 graphics give decent performance on the yoga 11s but nothing astoundingly different from its predecessor.3dmark ice storm: 299713dmark 06: 3500Cinebench: CPU: 1.72 , GPU: 13.87 fpspcmark 7: 3303Performance results are the top end of the 4210y (thankfully not throttled) but nothing to much more than the old sandy bridge I5 from the previous version.I really liked the yoga 11s I just wish it were able to live up to the specs it had. Making something to be used as a tablet you need the battery to back it up. However if those numbers work for you the laptop is a great performer. The flexibility adds a great amount of usability and the keyboard is top notch.UPDATE: So after some software updates from intel and microsoft it looks like the battery front has gotton bettery. With light browsing, microsoft word and other light tasks I could get around 9 hours. I set the Intel dynamic platform power to 1 on battery and it lowers the voltage the processor can use, it helped decently. Performance is pretty fine, not really all that much off what the 4200U processor can do. I  used a different lenovo laptop with a TN screen instead of IPS and was immediatly happy of the Yoga's screen, contrast and viewing angles are night and day. Lenovo has some better keyboards on other laptops, I like their curved accutype keys but the 11s isn't to shabby still. Honestly I don't know if I will be able to go back to non flexible laptops after this, thankfully it's becoming a trend.Also note, I replaced the Ram stick with an 8gb stick, all you do is take off 4 screws at the bottom and take the keyboard off and it's right there (look up the yoga 11s maintenance manual), the SSD is slightly longer but from the looks of it, you can replace it decently easy.