I bought my MBP 15" on Amazon to be able to put Windows 7 on it with Bootcamp, and if things went awry id still have their great return policy to fall back on. I wanted the familiar Windows OS with the hardware the MBP had to offer, but initially ran into a few problems. I'll post the problems and their solutions that I discovered in case anyone else runs into similar problems.1. After installing the drivers for Windows, my webcam didn't work. It said that the drivers were not installed yet even after I downloaded the most recent driver package from Apple.Solution: it turned out to be pretty simple. My previous laptop had software preinstalled that controlled the webcam and added effects to it, and I erroneously thought that since my MBP didnt have this program that the webcam wasn't working. After installing the drivers my webcam actually worked fine with Facebook chat.2. The MBP got REALLY hot when running windows 7. This couldnt be good for the computer components, but also posed a fire risk.Solution: while on windows I installed a program called MacFan (just google it) that after typing in a few commands in the command prompt allowed me to turn up the fan speed indefinitely to significantly cool off the laptop. While in windows the fans aren't correctly utilized according to CPU usage so you'll have to do this process upon each startup. Just search on YouTube "how to install macfan" for thorough instructions.3. Videos on youtube while in windows do not expand fully to the screen, instead leaving black bars on the bottom and right sides.Still haven't solved this. I'd expect adjusting the screen resolution would have an effect but I haven't tried this yet.4. The battery life decreased from 7 hours to about 2.5 hours while on Windows.This couldn't be solved either. It's just how windows works on the Mac. The only solution is to turn the brightness down, etc.5. When I click an icon on the taskbar, its title flashes over it. (not the biggest deal but its annoying)Updated my Nvidia drivers from their website and it solved minor graphics problems.As for my actual review of the MacBook Pro, I am very satisfied. I run both windows 7 and mountain lion on it through bootcamp (helpful detailed instructions can be found on YouTube). That way I have the ability to run all my old games and programs on windows while having the Mac side to use for top notch picture and video editing, plus the App Store. I've always preferred the relative simplicity of Microsoft office 2007 for windows, so I use that.After adjusting trackpad and click settings on the windows side, navigation is easy and fluid. The separated keyboard buttons took some adjusting to but that's not any issue. The screen is bright, clear, and rich while the backlit keyboard helps for typing in dark environments.It's about 2 pounds lighter than my previous laptop and significantly thinner, and what I'd consider to be portable. Ill be using it at college next year and will report back on just how portable it is.Graphics, processing, and RAM are all lightning fast and should be useful in intensive software that ill be using. The only problem I've noticed is that after partitioning the hard drive, startup takes a little longer (around 22 seconds total).The power cord is portable and extendable, while its nice to still have the optical drive, Ethernet port, and card slot. Only having 2 USB ports so close in proximity is a minor issue with larger thumb drives, etc. but I may just purchase a separate hub.All in all, you won't regret buying this. The higher cost will pay off well in a long computer life. Thanks for reading and feel free to ask any questions.