Since receiving this computer as a "back to school" gift 3 months ago, I have been pleasantly surprised.  Initially I was very frustrated with Windows 8 and didn't really start using this laptop until the update for Windows 8.1 became available.  Now I'm using my laptop all of the time!  The hardware on this computer is excellent, and it's inexpensive to upgrade.  The HDD doesn't make much noise, the fan is silent, the machine runs very cool, and for 5.5 lbs I really don't notice the weight at all.  Personally I will be adding more RAM (to be a total of 8 GB) because I'm notorious for having thirty tabs open, plus Skype, plus a movie, plus Facebook and a word processor- all at the same time.The keyboard is amazing with only one caveat: you must use the Fn key to control brightness, volume, mute, and to toggle a few other features.  There is no way to make the Fn key "sticky" (without changing BIOS settings), so this means that if you are an amputee or disabled, you cannot control the volume and brightness with one hand.  You'll have to go into the control panel settings and adjust the settings from there.  Several of the other Fn key applications are easily accessible through Windows 8 via the charms bar, so that's a non-issue.  For volume you'll have to use the desktop taskbar to adjust levels, and for brightness you must go through control panel or power settings.The touchpad is a little finicky at first, adjust the settings until you can be comfortable with it.  It's very plastic and the buttons don't give a satisfying "click".  I got over it.  I struggled initially to get the two-finger scrolling to work the way I wanted it to (I don't prefer "reversed").  It took me a few days to get to know its quirks and adjust accordingly.  One big nuisance you'll find about Windows 8 is the "edge swipe" function of the touch pad.  This drove me bonkers and I disabled it as soon as possible.  I've since re-enabled it.  It grows on you eventually.  Now my touchpad and I are good friends.Windows 8.1 is still an adjustment from all other Windows operating systems that you may be comfortable with.  It runs beautifully on this Aspire V3 and it wakes from sleep in under a minute most of the time.  If you're a first time Win8 user, I encourage you to ignore but not get rid of the "metro/Start Screen" feature.  Eventually you'll tip toe your way into that feature and find it pleasurable for media purposes like Netflix, Facebook (finally!), Skype, and internet radio.  I like having those things separate from my desktop so that I can focus on more school-related tasks.Windows 8 does NOT come with any version of Microsoft Office/Word/Excel/PowerPoint.  You cannot open these documents unless you download/purchase a program to do this.  Very frustrating at first, but I've since coped with free third party applications.Additionally, Windows 8 does NOT come with any way to play a DVD.  There is a DVD player/writer built into this computer, but Windows 8 does not provide any sort of program to play DVDs. Acer was amazing and included pre-installed software on this PC to allow DVD playback, for free.  The program is called Acer Media (also known as "clear.fi") and it plays DVDs like a charm.  Just set your region the first time you load the program and it's ready for you.I don't like the plastic body of this computer.  It makes me very nervous because it seems very vulnerable not only to fingerprints and scratches, but maybe even breaking.  I'm very careful to keep my computer protected whenever it's not sitting on my desk.  I'm used to the older laptops that were made with very hefty plastic that could take a real beating and show no fear.I might add more to this review later!-Update 12/27/2013 I just installed an extra 4 gb of RAM yesterday totaling 8 gb of memory.  My computer doesn't get hung up/freeze as easily when I perform large tasks. Before doing this yourself I recommend watching a video on YouTube of someone opening up their own Acer Aspire v3 551 laptop.  I was helpful to see how much force someone else uses to open and re-close the hatches (it requires a lot of force).  Watch carefully how they put the DDR3 RAM chip into the metal clip- it should be inserted at a diagonal and then pressed down in the holding clamps.  There were no included instructions with the computer on how to perform this upgrade effectively.-Update 12/20/2013 I just factory reset my PC.  The onboard Acer Recovery Management software made it a long but painless and easy experience, I highly recommend it.  Unfortunately, you'll have to install all of the Windows 8 updates before being able to re-install Windows 8.1 for free from the "store".  That was even longer than factory resetting the PC.  BUT IT WAS WORTH IT!  Why?  Because I had tried downloading new sound drivers from the Acer website specifically for this PC and it caused a LOT of problems.  The pre-installed Dolby Home Theater software disappeared and my computer made awful loud screeching and beeping noises when pressing certain buttons or at random intervals.  I recommend not updating the drivers on this computer unless you've experienced a problem with your hardware.  Don't fix what ain't broke!!!!!!  I'm glad I had the option to factory reset, and it gave me another round of McAfee until I can find another anti-Virus software.