Updated November 2012.I cannot recommend the G75VW-DS73-3D which is a pity as it's a nice looking machine when its working. In fairness to Asus after months of haggling they sent me a replacement G75 at their expense. But it has the exact same hangs freezes and system lockups! Is this coincidence? A bad batch perhaps? I don't know, so I'll leave it to the prospective buyer to decide.... Nvidia Driver updates do not fix the problem believe me I've tried, and Asus VIP support is the absolute worst!If you want to know what problems you might face with this laptop read this letter below to Asus that I sent after test driving a second G75 for a month. Incidentally, a common fault is that both G75's also had wrongly configured Atheros Ethernet slow upload speeds, making me think additional patch(s) weren't run at the time of the build. Either that or its an outright bad batch of G75's with bad 670m GPU's. Either way Asus have no solution. I will probably sell mine 2nd hand and buy a Samsung because I looked at the Samsung Series 7 and regret not buying it, as the Nvidia 675 appears more stable.If anyone has any questions about the G75 I can answer them in the comments section. For instance is the 3D worth it? In my view: NO! Playing for hours will almost certainly give you headaches as the 3D is not as comfortable as watching a 3D movie at the cinema. Basically the active shutter glasses approach causes strain on the eyes. Moreover the 3D means every game is darker, and even with brightness turned up within the game and in the power options, the clarity is not as good.Dear Asus,You misunderstand the problem. Please read carefully! I'm certain thesystem freezes are solely due to the buggy 670m GPU. How do I knowthis? Because the system can occasionally recover from a pendingcrash. When it can, it logs this message :-"Display driver nvlddmkm stopped responding and has successfully recovered."Most other times it fails to recover, and the system hangs which thenrequires a hard reboot. Either way the symptoms are always the same!But I'm sure you know this already from internal testing?! Or are yousaying that both of my G75's are part of a rare bad batch? I have afeeling that the Samsung Series 7 with the 675 is more stable andthat's why there are less complaints about it.To directly address your question though. I choose to rebuild the newG75 from scratch. The system image / Windows Easy Transfer optionsweren't that useful anyway. But so far on the new G75, I've onlyinstalled the basic programs. So I've held off installing lots ofgames and the game design software that I use, such as Unity 3D, UDKand Blender etc.Also note, the crashes mostly happen on the Desktop when merely usingExplorer, or Firefox with plug-ins / JavaScript disabled. Or runningIE with basic plug-ins enabled or just using MS Office. Please note thatfollowing on from Asus-ROG postings on G75 hangs, the new G75 has disabled :-A. all anti-virus software (uninstalled),B. all unneeded Services...C. all Scheduled Tasks...D. all registry RUN commands & updaters etc.