Since Microsoft is ready to pull the plug on its Windows XP this coming April, I decided I needed to buy a new computer. They have made it clear that it is not going to be safe to surf the Internet and do online transactions once WIN XP is no longer updated. Instead of a traditional desktop tower, I decided to give myself more mobility and location flexibility by buying a laptop.My computer needs are pretty basic: Internet surfing, word processing, light photo editing and the occasional DVD watching.  The Lenovo B590 has so far fulfilled all those needs pretty well.  This laptop has a plastic case and a matte finish that means I don't have to be afraid of leaving unsightly fingerprints or oil marks all over it.  However, I have to admit that the Lenovo B590 is not the sexiest or most exciting-looking laptop either.  It's actually rather plain looking.  It weighs a little over 5 lbs. and if you plan to buy one of those tight sleeves to protect it, make sure the sleeve stretches to at least 1 1/2" to accommodate the laptop thickness.  What you get in the box is the laptop, the battery pack, power cord, and ac power adapter and a sheet of paper with the initial setup instructions and an illustration of the controls and indicators of the laptop.  If you want a manual or user guide, you have to download it from the Lenovo website.Setting up the laptop was easy.  I had no problems configuring WIN 7. I just followed the instructions on the screen.  The laptop had no difficulty identifying and connecting to my wi-fi home network.  Until I get a wireless mouse, I've plugged a USB-corded mouse to the laptop and it's working fine along with the touch pad.  This laptop comes preloaded with Adobe Reader X, Nitro Pro 8, Evernote installer, Skype, Lenovo tool suites to manage and check for updates from the maker, a free trial of McAfee Internet Security and a limited-time free subscription to Lenovo Cloud Storage. It doesn't come with any Office starter but there's a quick link if you're interested in purchasing it or in trying Office 365 free for a limited time.  Since MS Office is so expensive, I've downloaded the free, open source LibreOffice suite instead and it fits my word processing needs for the time being. The battery lasts me about 4 or 4 and half hours. The laptop gets warm underneath but not hot.  My brother actually complimented the keyboard of the Lenovo. He said it was better designed than his Toshiba laptop.  The tray for the DVD seemed fragile to me. I was afraid it was going to come off completely when I was pulling it further out to put the DVD in it.  The speakers didn't seem impressive to me.  The camera is suitable for Skyping.  The only things that have annoyed me so far are the McAfee pop ups to remind me to buy the their services before the trial period is over; Lenovo's ones, encouraging me to install their Small Business Solution (I'd like to know more about it before doing it) and MS Windows updates that are configured before I even had a chance to sign on to the computer. As I don't use this laptop to play games, I can't tell its performance in that respect.  Other than those pop ups, I'm happy with the B590 laptop.  It works well for my basic computer needs.