This computer is not meant to be a desktop replacement. It is not for everyone, either, as Google's ad states. However, it is a computer that can be utilized by many people. I'll talk about the following aspects of the computer in this review: 1. Keyboard 2. Trackpad 3. Screen 4. Performance 5. What can people use it for in general? 6. Price, build quality and wrap-up1. The keyboard on this computer is absolutely marvelous. As you may have guessed, I'm using it to type this review. The keys are spaced very evenly, and there is a reassuring *click* that makes old mechanical keyboards look like dinosaurs. One minor detail many people will notice: there seems to be no Caps Lock here. It has been replaced by a search key. However, Google is quick to tell us that we can still access the key by pressing Alt-Search. Also, no number pad, but computers of this size can't really have them due to space constraints.2. I will always keep my mouse handy because I'm not much of a trackpad person. However, that's not to say that I'm going to do you readers a disservice and not review an important aspect of the Chromebook. This trackpad parallels the one on my dad's MacBook Air. In case that's not clear, it is the best trackpad you will get at this price point (more on that later). Suffice it to say that using it is a fluid experience that will leave all but the pickiest among us satisfied.3. This is a 1366 x 768 matte screen. What does this mean for consumers? Let's just say it's not the best screen out there. For that, one must look no further than an iPad 4 or a Nexus 10 (both are more expensive). Once again, it's a matte screen (for more on that, look up matte vs. glossy screens on Google, Yahoo, or Bing). No dead pixels so far, videos are fine, but remember that this is a relatively small screen, so it may well be hard on your eyes. I myself am 18 years old and have decent vision, but some who will consider this should be aware that it is imperative to try to go to a local Best Buy and use it for several minutes. Rest assured, however, that the display on this computer is great for what it's supposed to be.4. This may well be the most important section for some of us, myself included. This computer has what's called an ARM processor. It is one of the most powerful ARM processors currently available for consumers. These processors mean no fans, no noise, but possibly worsened performance. Let's look at all three of those points: it is true that there are no fans or hard drives or other moving parts of any kind in this device, and it really doesn't make any noise. As for actual performance, with just 2 GB of RAM advertised, and probably less actually available for the user, try not to open more than roughly eight to ten tabs at once. I'll be more specific: if YouTube is running, music will be choppy almost all the time if anything, and I mean anything, is loading. If Google can fix this through one of their every-six-weeks software updates, then great, but if not, know that this is what you get at such a low price point. Oh, and by the way, as for games, your mileage may vary. What I mean is that you can go ahead and try to play your favorite browser-based games, but some games will run slowly, while others will run smoothly. If you wanna play chess on the Chromebook, be my guest; I doubt it'll lag.5. Also an important section, obviously. Chromebooks are not for everyone, as I noted before. Let's review what you can and can't do here first: you CAN create documents, slideshows, spreadsheets, and even forms that can be posted online for others to fill out (awesome feature by the way, try Google Forms, even if you don't have a Chromebook). You CAN have a calendar here with appointments and all that jazz (Google Calendar), and you CAN have reminders as well. You CAN do many things even when there is no Internet connection: documents, slideshows, spreadsheets, music, MOVIES (not YouTube videos), games that support offline play, among other things. I think it's adequate to say that Chromebooks have come a long way in terms of being able to use them offline. Moving along, you CAN'T play any games that are not in the browser (examples are World of Warcraft, Guild Wars 2, etc). You CAN'T use Skype, Facetime, Photoshop, or any program that has no browser mode. Off the top of my head, some more prominent examples of this include writing code for computer programs, but if that's what you do, then you probably already knew that.6. It only costs $249 plus applicable taxes. I think that this is great. Half the price of the iPad but it can do everything that the iPad can, and it has a larger screen and a keyboard to boot (it is a laptop, after all). Also, let's not forget that this device looks almost like a MacBook Air. It's thin, light, and sleek (boy, are those words overused). It looks great in my eyes. Sure, the iPad has a much, much, sharper screen, but it's more expensive. This is the perfect workhorse/plaything/do-it-all-except-non-browser-stuff device. I'd say buy it, but before you do, do what I did: try to justify it to yourself. Don't say, "Do I want/need this device?" Instead, say, "Will I use this device for enough things to justify buying it?" The price point is low enough that many of you could do no wrong in buying the Chromebook, so go out and get one if it'll be useful to you.