This new laptop replaces a Toshiba A15-S127 that we bought 3 months ago and one that died 4 weeks later when the LCD screen cracked. This one still confuses my wife and me given that the thing spent most of its time in its carry case and it bore absolutely no external damage on the laptop's shell. To add insult to injury the store we bought it from wanted to charge us literally 2/3rds the cost of the thing to repair it, manufacturer's warranty be dammed, I guess. Suffice it to say that we won't be buying Toshiba products again nor shopping at this store (who's name, by the way, rhymes with Stomp Youse Say), ever again. I would have reviewed the S127, but what's the point? We hardly had it long enough to get to know it.When Sony began producing computers, I was less than impressed. Yet another big name producing very shiny products that look great while using second rate parts that deliver underwhelming performance. That was several years ago and while I still don't care for big name brand PCs, they are still good machines. Even though I build my PCs from parts I choose, I can't build a lap top, and after the Toshiba debacle, anything would have been an improvement. Truth to tell, I didn't really like the Toshiba from the start, but my wife wanted something cheap to take to work and use it to learn Spanish, practice her mathematics and watch the occasional movie, and the Toshiba did a fair job at all of those things. The Sony PCG-505DX is a vast improvement in every category, though it was twice the price.The 505 features a 1.5 Ghz Pentium 4 Centrino processor- possibly the most important consideration when buying a laptop these days. The CPU scales its speed and processing ability to conserve power and extend the usability of the lap top. With the full charge the 505 will run for nearly 5 hours when doing things like word processing. Obviously, the more things you do, the shorter the battery life will be. The Vaio also sports a whopping 512 mb of RAM, an ATI Mobility Radeon 9200 with 16 mb of its own RAM, (a lot of laptops video RAM is actually shared with system RAM and performance takes a real hit), a 400 Mhz FSB, an 11 mb IEEE 802.11b `Wi-fi' wireless network adapter, 1 PC-MCIA slot, 2 USB + 1 IEEE 1394 FireWire ports, CD-RW & DVD player combo drive, Network and modem ports, VGA port, and a Sony memory stick slot. All of this is packed into a very small and very attractive box,. The casing also has a lot of polished aluminum, which will no doubt enhance the durability and life of the computer.Though the S127 was fully 600 Mhz faster, the 505 out performs it every category- it boots faster, loads programs faster, and came with much better software pre-installed. I actually plan to keep all of Sony's own music and video programs, which is odd as I usually spend the first day or so with any laptop I have owned blowing out all the junk and promotional software that comes with them. About the only things I removed was AOL and that really terrible office package known as Microsoft Works. Everything else will stay. Sony also wisely partitioned the 60 Gb hard drive to make mirroring the drive much easier. (What they didn't include was a system restore CD or DVD and instead require you to make your own. If you want to do this, make sure your have a stack of CD-Rs handy, because it will take 9 of them).The 505 is actually pretty much the same size as my old 486 Compaq Aero, which itself was a dynamite little machine. I love the Vaio's design and feel- it's sturdy, incredibly well made and given the luck we have had with our other Sony products, I suspect this little beauty will be around for a long time. About the only real complaints I have about it is the speakers sound terrible, but then again, this is a laptop and a general gripe about laptop keyboards in general- I just can't get comfortable with any of them. This is the best laptop I have ever owned in both performance and build quality. The screen image quality is great, the keys and controls intuitive, I only wish we had bought this first instead of the Toshiba.