Thank you for taking the time to read these few statements. I am so glad I bought this machine.First off it is built extremely well. The touch screen is very responsive as are the keyboard keys and touch pad. The touchpad gestures for scrolling work amazing. The beats audio subtle flare is a nice touch with the red trim around the keyboard, The speakers sound amazing and probably the best speakers I've ever heard on a laptop. The fingerprint scanner actually works really well and I can use it to sign into gmail, facebook, reddit, Pandora, etc. I even tested it being the skeptic I am, first with other fingers (it's set to my right pointer finger so you know which one to cut off to gain access) and then by having someone else put there fingers on there. No go! Only the one print on the one finger worked. The keyboard is a bit flexy when typing but I don't see this being a problem and I don't actually notice it at all when typing. This thing is actually pretty light and SUPER thin. It's definitely a very nice looking machine and it's been fun showing it off. WIndows 8 makes more sense with a touch screen and i'm getting used to it.For you gamers like me, so far so good. I mainly play MMO type games and so far have tried league of legends, guild wars 2 and world of warcraft. All of which work without a hitch. With Nvidia experience it will even optimize your games graphics settings and automatically set it to run as good as possible. I've had no lag in any of the above games and with the processor being as fast as it is alt tabbing is super fast with games open. Load times seem very snappy and the graphics look clean and in high definition.For you media junkies. This thing can process media just fine. I run photoshop CS6 which is a pretty cpu intensive program and it handles it without even showing any stress at all. It's been a  pleasure to work on this computer. I'd imagine video editing would be a breeze. It also runs my PCDJ program great and without any lag.The funny thing is I've never bought a "name brand" computer before such as HP. I used to be a bit snobby when it came to pc's and only purchased pc's built in local computer shops by the wonderful nerds who's passion in life was computers (I know how that sounds, it's ridiculous but it's awesome). I moved to Alaska for work about 5 months ago and only was able to pack my clothes. I've been replacing my electronics from back home with new shiny ones and decided to give this computer a shot after reading the specs here on amazon. Honestly, I am absolutely floored with this thing and couldn't be happier. I decided not to make a pros/cons list because so far there really are no cons I can find. HP has really impressed me.