I am a multi-computer Windows gamer and Linux uber-geek.  The idea of the Chromebook has intrigued me for awhile.  A light, portable laptop that is great for travel, with files being stored in the cloud.  The idea is to have a system that can easily be wiped when entering a foreign country, and when returning to the US, with important files being copied / moved to the cloud in between.This computer fits the bill in a couple different ways.  You could buy in to all of Google's ecosystem, and use it as-is.  Or, you can enable "developer mode", which lets you run a number of different Debian or Ubuntu Linux versions in "chrooted jails".  This means that they are not virtualized, but running at full speed right next to ChromeOS, switchable with a simple key combination.  This lets you use all of the Linux software you are used to, with a nifty script called "crouton".  With it, you can easily save off jails that you have configured with the software you want to use, put them in the cloud, download them when you need them, then destroy them when you are done and need to "wipe" the system.Besides the "traveler" use case, this computer is great for grabbing when you need to jump on the net in seconds.  Chrome is an excellent browser, and you can be up an on it in seven seconds from cold boot.  My desktop systems, which have fully encrypted hard drives, take minutes to boot up.Using ChromeOS is dead simple.  It is also probably the most secure consumer computer OS out there right now: [...] .  It is a great computer for users with simple needs as well.Pros: The build quality is decent for $250.  It also looks nice (though maybe not as nice as the HP 11).  My boss walked past my desk and called it "sexy".  It is very light, and easy to throw into a bag to take anywhere.  The battery life has been great.. around 8.5 hours per day so far.  The screen is completely passable for the price.  The performance is fantastic!  It doesn't miss a beat with multiple tabs open, and even running Ubuntu at the same time in a jail.  Lots of ports.  And with the 100 GB of Google Drive for two years (which will take the place of another online backup system I'm using at $10 a month, it pays for itself!), 12 GoGo in-flight coupons, and the two months of Google Music (which is great!  finding lots of older music I used to listen to), it really feels like a no-brainer for me.  Netflix works great, and the camera works great in Google Hangouts.Cons: I only have a couple of gripes: The keyboard is a little small for my fat fingers, and the keys are lower than I'm used to. The other thing is that when running Google Music and Ubuntu at the same time, the sound can stutter when I'm in Linux, but it pops back in when I switch back over.  Most people will never see this.Other thoughts: If you are tied to software that only runs on Microsoft Windows, then the Chromebook isn't for you, unless you want a great, cheap little computer for the quick searches, email, and a game or two (kind of like a "super tablet" rather than a "laptop minus").