I actually purchased this laptop a week ag from Staples - for about $100 less than the Amazon price. I love it! I agree, Windows 8 takes some getting used to, but the more I use it the more comfortable I am with it. I simply use the Windows 7 desktop that I can easily access from the "Metro" desktop that comes up when I first log on. Also, the Metro desktop shows all the files and program shortcuts that I have on my Windows 7 desktop. They are located over on the extreme right side of the display, and so its only takes a second to get to the programs I use...without even having to go to the Windows 7 desktop.I love the nice, crisp display. The keyboard is like silk and it's size makes it, at least for me, very easy to use. The Fn keys are useful, and having a separate number pad is terrific. This laptop also has both USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 outlets, which is a real plus. The only thing that is a very slight disappointment is that the battery only last 4 hours, but considering that the battery on the 7 year old Toshiba I had been struggling with (as a second computer just for email and writing)only lasted 15 minutes, 4 hours is a breath of fresh air.I would buy this computer over and over again. It seems to be a fantastic machine.Additional comments two weeks later:I still really like this machine, with just one complaint...the display has a blue cast that is impossible to get rid of, no matter how many color corrections I try. I've been able to reduce the  blue cast significantly, but if I go try to reduce it further in the color cast setting or in the processor settings, the cast starts turning green or red. Since I use this computer to do some photo editing, I'll just have to make the color cast corrections (which are usually only white balance changes) with my desktop that has a 22" ViewSonic LED and is connected directly to the printer. I have tried three HP G7 laptops, two with AMD processors and one with the Intel i3 processor, and they all have the same cast, so it's the display and not the processor. If anybody has any success correcting this, let me know.Incidentally, I LOVE Windows 8. Nearly all the low ratings for this computer are because of Windows 8 and not the computer itself. I've been through XP, Windows 7, and now Windows 8, and I think 8 is far better than the other two. Here's what I like so far:  The charms provide easy and quick access to all those files, folders, programs, and system tools that were so darn hard to find, particularly if they're in the control panel. Just type in the name of what you are looking for and the links to the item show up instantly. Very cool.  I can switch back and forth between the media window and the traditional Windows 7 desktop with a simple push of the windows button on the lower left side of the keyboard. And get this - every program I install has a shortcut on the traditional desktop AND the media desktop. Since they open at least three times faster when I access them on the media desktop, I always start there. And...with some patience, I've been able to move all the programs I use to the left side of the media desktop so they are front and center on my display at startup; a piece of cake.  One aggravation is that I have not figured out how to make a shortcut to the system tools I use - "create a restore point" and "computer management" to put on the desktop. If anybody knows how, please let me know because I use these tools a lot.