What is there to say?  The last Mac I owned was in 1989, it was an Apple II+ (I kid you not).  Since then, it's been PC after PC for me, until now.  In March 2008, I needed a new laptop, and I purchased the Black MacBook.  So far, I am a seriously happy camper.  A few tweaks to make sure I could use my favorite Windows programs (ie also installing Windows XP via VMware Fusion) and I'm very content.PROS:* Mac OS X is intuitive, user friendly, and easy to understand.  I am a big fan, and I've only had this laptop for 3 months.  The more I use it, the more I like it.* The screen is stunningly beautiful.  It is the clearest, brightest, easiest screen to read I've ever had.  Set it next to any PC laptop, and there is no comparison.* The "MagSafe" magnetic power connector is perfect.  I've never knocked the MacBook off of a table, even though I've pulled the cord out many times.*  I didn't have to leave behind my killer Windows XP programs!  I installed VMware Fusion, and now boot Windows XP right from within Mac OS X.  Very VERY nice and handy.  My only suggestion is to bump the RAM to 4GB before installing VMware Fusion.  Works stunningly well.*  Battery life (and power management) are stunningly good.  I get a legit 3-4 hours of battery life out of this laptop, compared to 1-2 hours out of all of my old PC laptops.* User friendly software built in such as iMovie.  My wife needed a DVD created for work.  An hour later, I had a DVD with menu system, her photos, music, etc.  Everybody loved it.*  User friendly System Preferences and settings in the Apple menu.  Much better than Start --> Settings --> Control Panel in Windows.  Just a better design and more user friendly access to settings.*  GEEKY:  The fan does not vent on the bottom!  So your legs aren't blocking it and feeling warm fan air.  Instead the fan vents up the front of the screen.  Very VERY smart, and I rarely hear it running.*  GEEKY:  Programs install as one .app file.  Sure there are settings hiding in various places, but Mac programs usually involve one BIG .app file.*  GEEKY:  Better flash drive integration.  This is similar to Linux (and obviously UNIX), drives are mounted and dismounted.  No two or three clicks to "safely remove hardware" like in Windows.  You just "eject" a flash drive (or CD or other drive) and remove it... as it should be.*  GEEKY:  Encrypted disk images.  You can use built in software to create password protected "Disk Images".  These can easily be mounted and unmounted, protecting sensitive files.*  GEEKY:  Terminal, Automator, the Dock, and Finder.  Well made robust tools that allow my "inner geek" to customize and do whatever they want.CONS:* No card reader built in?  This is a VERY stupid idea on Apple's part.  Almost every PC laptop now comes with a built in card reader.  MacBooks should also.* Only two USB slots.  Would be nice to have 3 or 4.  Not the end of the world, but could be improved.* Cost.  Mac people always tell me about TCO "Total Cost Of Ownership" and the like when justifying the higher cost.  Fact is, the MacBook DOES cost more.  Don't let anybody tell you it doesn't.  But the more I use it, the more I think the extra cost is worth it and the less the cost bothers me.  "You get what you pay for" is what obviously comes to mind.  For lack of a better term, it's an elegant machine.* That's about it.  Seriously, there aren't really any other major problems with this laptop.ON THE FENCE:* The keyboard is (at first) very different coming from a PC background.  I have since grown to love it, but it is an acquired taste.  Now that I'm used to it, I am impressed with how easy text "flows" and how much less effort I need to press keys.  However, white letters on black keys is tough in lower light conditions sometimes.Overall, the MacBook is what a laptop computer really should be.  Little details individually don't mean much, but when many subtle touches are added together with a powerful stable user-oriented clean UNIX based operating system like OS X, the result is the best laptop I've ever had.I will be sticking with Macs for a long time to come I think.