This laptop is a very good choice for both entertainment and work, but despite having a full HD screen it has integrated graphics that per Sony cannot be upgraded by adding a designated graphics card.  Very quick performance by touchscreen, and the back lit full-size keyboard with 10-key.  The touchpad has click functions built-in and takes time to get used to using it, but it too is responsive.  Sound with ClearAudio + is comparable to Beats Audio in the HP Envy, which surprised me!NOTE: I found this item worked extremely well on the touchscreen and helped me not to smudge my screen - The Friendly Swede Bundle of 6 Micro-Knit Hybrid Fiber Tip Universal Capacitive Stylus Pens 4.5" for Smart Phone Touch Pad + 6 x 15'' Elastic Tether Lanyards + Cleaning Cloth in Retail PackagingI think most users will be very happy with the build-quality, software and features of this laptop.  It runs quietly (very little fan noise) and stays cool to the touch.  I like the port placement on this laptop and having a built-in DVD/CD drive was nice on such a thin design.The Rapid Wake feature is great, as I simply shut the laptop to put it to sleep and open it to go right back to work.  This combined with being able to use the laptop as an access point and the NFC (Near Field Communication) feature, really set this Sony VAIO Fit series laptop apart.I was unable to get Camtasia Studio 8 [Download] to work properly on this laptop due to its integrated graphics, but I was able to use my Creative Sound Blaster EVO ZxR Entertainment Headset With Bluetooth Mobile Wireless in Windows 8.1 using the Bluetooth connectivity on this PC and take my LPs from my Audio Technica AT-LP60 Fully Automatic Belt Driven Turntable using a Hometheatre 3.5mm Male to 2 RCA Female Splitter Cable (6-Inch) connected to the microphone-in jack - using the included Sony Entertainment Sound Forge Studio software.This laptop comes with a trial of Microsoft Office, and 30-days of Kaspersky Antivirus.  I removed the MS Office software and added the free OpenOffice program, in addition to CCleaner, Malwarebytes (free version) and Classic Shell Start Menu.  I also advocate using Google Drive and the office (online based) apps built into Outlook.'Gamers' who require separate graphics cards in their PCs should look elsewhere, but those looking for a solid laptop for home, school or business, should like this one.  It works extremely well for email, Internet browsing, Skype, social media, streaming video (Netflix, Hulu Plus and Amazon Instant Video in HD were all tried...), mixing music, editing photos and home video.NOTE:  If you like to watch DVDs versus using streaming content, you can upgrade the DVD/CD drive to a Blu-ray drive, which I recommend since it has this great HD screen.Overall, I like this PC very much.  While it's nothing special to look at (basic flat black on the outside), under the hood the i7 processor and ample memory make this a joy to use.  The only reason I give it 4 out of 5 stars is the integrated graphics.  They limit the user's ability to use certain types of graphic-intensive software, and don't take full advantage of the powerful processor and HD touchscreen.  Not making it so that this could be upgraded was short-sighted of Sony, particularly at this price point.PROS+ Processing speed and memory combine for quick response.+ Gorgeous Full-HD 1080P display.+ Backlit keyboard+ USB 3.0 (2) ports+ USB 2.0 (2) ports that can be used as charging ports, even when laptop is off.+ NFC (Near Field Communication)+ Can act as an access point for other devices.+ HDMI port+ Full-sized keyboard with 10-Key, feels good to type on.+ Touchscreen is responsive, and works well with Windows 8.1+ HD webcam - works well in low light conditions.+ Good port placement towards the front of the laptop, for easy user access.+ Media card reader+ Excellent microphone+ Stays very cool with use and virtually no fan noise.+ Solid build quality+ Very thin, despite having an optical DVD/CD drive installed.+ Nice software package: Sony Entertainment (for music creation and DVD movie production), 30-days Kaspersky Antivirus, ArtRage Studio, and Adobe Photoshop Elements 12.+ Rapid Wake feature works very well; no need to power down the PC.CONS-Integrated graphics provides fair to poor performance in some programs.- No way to upgrade the graphics with a designated graphics card.- No Blu-ray player, despite having a full HD display. *(Can upgrade optical drive if desired.)- AC power connection to the laptop is somewhat hard to connect, with cable to power brick being lightweight and lesser quality than desired.TIP:  Windows 8.1 64-bit operating system is stable and easy to use once you get the hang of it.  The touchscreen was made for Windows 8 and 8.1, so get to know the system using the touchscreen and you'll probably enjoy the zippy performance and features much more than by using the keyboard and touchpad alone.