After owning an ASUS G75VW-AS71 for about 5 days, I am already extremely happy about my purchase.  After doing a lot of research before buying, this seemed to be an incredible deal and had the best specs out of all of the gaming laptops in the $1,200-$1,700 price range, as most of the "higher end" brands with the same load-out where at least $500 higher.  That is not saying there aren't any flaws, but most are cosmetic, or are very easy to live with.Pro's:- Great screen.  The anti-glare finish is very nice and does it's job very well.  I've seen many that were advertised to be didn't do a very good job.  Looks better while gaming than it does when there is a high contrast background (mostly white; office and the internet are the worst), but, at least for me, doesn't degrade the experience.- This rig is seriously fast.  Even with the stock 7200rpm drive it only takes about 15 seconds to boot to the login screen.  I have been playing sever very graphics heavy games on it and I have been impressed with its performance.  Company of Heroes runs flawless with all graphics settings maxed out.  I had a desktop with a mid-high end graphics card built in 2009 (3 years after the game came out) and it couldn't run the game on Med. settings when there where a lot of units on the screen.  Planetside 2 runs very well also.  Although it can't run on ultra settings without being a little jumpy, the game still looks great on med. with a few select options turned up to high.(somewhere in the 60-70fps range)- The cooling system is great.  I haven't tried to clean the filters yet, but it seems to be pretty easy and a very nice feature.  The fact that when cleaned on a regular basis, dust wont choke out the fans and heatsinks makes for a longer lifespan.  I have had many laptops that died because of degraded ventilation (granted 2 of them where 4-5 yr. old macbooks). The CPU and GPU have not gone above 36c even after 3+ hrs. of gaming.Con's:- There are at least 2 weak points on the casing. 1 is the optical drive bay; The body bends a little if you pick it up at that point.  It seems like a design flaw and isn't a huge deal once you know about it, to not pick it up at that spot.  2 is opening it up.  If you open it from the center the screen (probably just the casing) bows.  Again, not a problem once you know to open it from the corners.  Also, the screen is huge, once you think about it, it makes sense to spread the pressure points.- There is no physical copy of Win. 7 of a restore disk.  When i tried to restore onto a SSD, the ASUS backup and the widows backup didn't install cleanly. A Win. 7 disk included would have made this much easier.  (it does come with a disk of all ASUS drivers needed for a fresh install though)- It's heavy. This isn't necessarily a Con, but more of a reality with a gaming laptop of any brand, but in this day and age weight it a big selling point.- The Touchpad is in a slightly awkward spot.  While a touchpad is not ideal for gaming, it is what this laptop is made for, right? For general use it's fine, but while playing any game it seems very awkward. Instead of being on the left, with how the keyboard is laid out it would be better it it was to the right side, perhaps below the arrow keys and Num pad.  Again, not a big deal, more of a annoyance.Overall this is a great machine and a great buy.  The Pro's overwhelmingly outweigh the Con's.  I had been looking at a few different alienware setups and a bottom of the line origin, when I saw this ASUS it was almost a no brainer for the price difference and the better specs.  I have owned many ASUS products in the past, and while the warranty this machine has is great, if you're planning on getting it to be you primary machine for work, it does take some time to get you're product returned after repair/replacement.  That said, if speedy warranty work is what you need, look at purchasing from a reputable store with their own service contracts.