First of all, I have to tell you that I'm no computer expert. Just a guy that needed a portable ultrabook that would serve my purposes for both work and fun. I researched like crazy and like many of you, I looked at Mac, HP Envy, Samsung 7 series, Sony, and the rest of the usual suspects. My first criteria was to get a machine that was a well built unibody with no seams or style that would prevent me from being able to just lay back in bed with it sitting on my stomach and typing away. It needed to have a processor that was fast enough to do any jobs that I deal with and also provide above average sound for watching videos and listen to music from itunes and Wolfgang's Vault. I'm 60 years old and wanted a bright, well defined screen with nice color. I had to have a backlit keyboard so I could type in the drak without disturbing my wife and also just to be able to see when working in dimly lit rooms. And I have to admit, I wanted a machine that looked beautiful and would take the everyday types of bumps and bruises without marks, fingerprints, etc. I have read the reviews that are present on this site. I can see why if something doesn't work or Asus doesn't respond to concerns that folks would give negative reviews as would I. I have given the Zen Prime 5 stars for the following reasons. First of all, it's absolutely the perfect size for both portability and for bedroom computing which I'm doing as I write this review, with the machine resting on my legs and belly! It is very comfortable and solid without seams or misfitting parts. The Zen Prime is also absolutely beautiful to look at. The pics you see don't do it justice! It resists fingerprints and scratches and exudes fine art and quality. The LCD screen resolution is absolutely outstanding with superb brightness and color. I don't know where someone would think that this machine would not be bright enough. If I can see it so well at my age then I think you'll find it very pleasing indeed. Sound quality is very nice for a 13 inch laptop. Bass is lacking but mids and highs are great for the space they have to work with. I have found the keyboard to be almost perfect for my tastes. I never used the previous Zens so can't compare with them, but I find it far more comfortable than typing on a regular desktop keyboard or the one on the Toshiba Satellite I was using before. The backlit keyboard is a Godsend! I don't know how I,ve lived without one before now. It has responded to every task I've dealt with with plenty of speed and no hesitations. I bought an inexpensive Samsung external DVD drive and everything worked first time, plug and play! Finally, I would tell you that everything has worked and worked right since I bought the Zen. No foulups, dead pixels, microphone/headphone issues, keyboard malfunctions, nothing. It has worked perfectly which is after all what we're all looking for. The only thing I wish I could change is having the USB ports on the same rather than opposite sides in case I run into needing more juice than one port can provide. Thus far, the 3.0 USB port has been enough to power everything I've hooked up so it's not been an issue where I've needed the splitter to run from both sides. I hope that this review will be of help to some of you who want a functional and beautiful machine and struggle to decide between the various machines at this level. I couldn't be happier!