I had been looking at getting a new laptop for some time. I didn't have any strange needs or requests, but I did want something that could handle a little video editing, had a 4th generation i7 and had a nice screen. During my research, the previous series of the Vaio Fit kept popping up. It seemed to have many of the components I was looking for at a very nice price....but they were using the 3rd generation i7 and, let's be honest, there was clearly an issue with the wifi card. Many claimed theirs to be working fine, but there were just too many complaints out there to be ignored.Now though, Sony has addressed all of these issues and updated pretty much everything, and with the only other review here (at the time of writing) giving only 1 star, I have been so happy with mine that felt I should try and restore some kind of balance.Firstly, let me address the previous series wifi chip issue. I have had NO problems at all. None. It is a strong connection anywhere in my apartment and has never given anything but top speeds. File transfers within my home network are fast and there have been no drop outs of any kind. Excellent.Secondly, the updated components with this series really make it. The new 1080p screen and the 4th generation i7 really bring it all together, as does having the additional graphics chip. The screen is lovely. Very crisp. Plus, this thing is fast. It has handled everything I have thrown at it. In fact, as I write this review, I am rendering a hi def video that I have edited, am transferring files AND am downloading video files and it is all rolling along nicely.The battery is excellent. I have been able to get close to 7 hours using it for typing while connected to wifi, downloading files and playing music. I even squeezed in a little Age of Empires when I should have been working. I certainly cannot complain about the battery life at all.Windows 8: I actually love it. Yes, it IS a little strange at first. And considering I came from running XP (still great after all these years, but not supported as of April 2014) I was able to navigate the latest Windows without problem. People moaning about Windows 8 and its lack of start button need to calm down. There IS a start button of sorts. It just takes you to a new screen rather than a pop up list. Get over it. Do spend some time playing with Windows 8, customize a few things and make it yours. I am a fan.My previous laptop was a 5 year old Asus Eee pc workhorse running XP, but I have extensively used HP laptops and Macbooks with work, so I am not completely clueless about these things, but I can honestly say this Vaio Fit running Windows 8.1 trumps them all. HPs are for parents buying their first computer and Apple is nothing but a lifestyle brand. Sure, they use top components, but their operating systems are TERRIBLE and they cost a small fortune.But this Sony....I can't help but love it.So, maybe you have read professional reviews where they moan about the lack of SSD or aluminum body....get over it. You won't find both of those things with every other component being as nice as these for this price. The great screen, the additional graphics chip, the 4th generation i7 and in a very classy design....seriously, this thing looks great. And a DVD burner rather than a blu ray drive? Who cares? I've never even bought a blu ray disc in my life. Most people can live without it.So if you are after a nice laptop with great components which looks brilliant and runs very well and have been looking at this, I can confidently recommend it. Not only have all previous issues seemingly been addressed, but things have been updated considerably.Very happy with this.