I am a power windows user and have been looking for a light weight Ultrabook comparable to the MacBook Pro that I could use as a near desktop replacement.  Given how rave the reviews are for the MacBook Pro, it has been harder and harder to justify not switching to the MBP, but who has time to learn all the nuances of the Mac and I use a lot of Excel and QuickBooks, which don't play nice with Mac.  Thus, I was very excited to learn about this computer.  Its actually lighter than the MacBook Pro and comparable in most respects except the screen is a little lower Res.  I ordered one of the first Models with the 500 GB Solid State Drive in late Feb.  I got it March 14th and it completely died on May 8th - 55 days start to finish for a $2,400 computer (with all the bells and whistles).  Sorry Lenovo, but I expect better than this.Apparently, it failed to turn itself off after I turned it off and left my office one night and it got too hot.  This is interesting, because I have left it on all night before with no problems.  In fact, I have been impressed at how little heat it generates while operating.  When I got there in the morning, it was non-responsive .  I was able to finally turn it off by unplugging it and holding the off button for a long time.  After letting it cool down, I turned it on again, but the whole thing shorted out and it is now completely dead - totally non-responsive, except the keyboard backlights are flashing at me every 3 seconds.  Definitely a short of some kind.I always buy Lenovo's premium on-site warranty that guarantees on site service within 24 hours,  However, much to my Chagrin, Lenovo was unable to get someone here.  Thus, I would give this Computer and Lenovo's Warranty Service Negative five stars if I could.  I have been a dedicated Think Pad user for 20 years and the quality has definitely gone down since Lenovo bought the business.  This is the straw that broke the Camel's back for me.  I am heading over to the Apple Store to do what I should have done originally.  I have friends with Mac Books that are seven years old and they have never had problems.  I haven't gotten more than three years from a ThinkPad in a long time.Incidentally, I was talking to the Lenovo Warranty Dept today and they said they are starting to get a lot of calls on these.  I would stay away.  Its not worth the frustration.By the way, I also completely agree with the other reviewers.  The Keyboard is huge giant step backwards.  If you still buy this computer after reading this review, be advised that you will be really frustrated unless you have an external keyboard.  The slightest touch on the adaptive keyboard sends you into Adaptive Keyboard hell and destroys your productivity. and putting the end and back keys where the cap locks key used to be is just stupid.