Mostly, I am a PC user, but a couple years ago I decided to make the switch to Mac by getting the Macbook Air. While I thoroughly enjoyed using it, I got the 11 inch version with 64gb hard drive and it was a little difficult for me to use. It was a little slower than I was used to, and I was having issues playing youtube videos. The screen also was not as crisp and I decided to purchase a samsung laptop with windows 8. Let me just say right now that it was complete trash. The keyboard had issues, the O.S was glitchy, the trackpad worked at its own whim and the wifi disconnected on a regular basis. I immediately sold that hunk of junk and went to purchase this one. I did not buy it at amazon because they do not offer the education discount and have begun charging tax in my state of Massachusetts. I got it tax-free which was nice. When I went on the sales floor at the store that I was going to purchase it at, I did not have my mind set on any specific laptop. I checked out a couple of them, and it was between the Vaio Pro, the Ativ Book 9 Plus and this Macbook Pro Retina ME865LL/A. While the Vaio was a great laptop and the lightest 13-incher I have ever held, it was a little flimsy for my liking. With an asking price of 1249.99, I do not want to see flex on the keyboard, so that was immediately out of the question. It therefore came down to the Macbook or the Ativ 9 Plus.As some might already know, Samsung is nipping at Apple's heels, and while I used to have a terrible Samsung laptop, I felt that the Ativ 9+ is definitely more premium than the one that I had and maybe I would give it a try. I immediately began playing with the floor model and was met with some stuttering, and a touchpad that wasn't quite as responsive as I would have liked. It didn't even work at times. Yes, the screen was stunning, and yes the look of it is absolutely incredible, but when looking at purchasing a laptop a lot of people believe that MacBooks are overpriced. In comparison with the Ativ 9 Plus, I would have to respectfully disagree. The most enticing features of the Samsung are the insanely high-resolution screen, which does not work that well with Windows 8 and often times must be scaled (which is the reason that the 2014 model will have standard 1080p screen) and the next greatest thing about that machine is the premium feel and unibody build. I purchased this Macbook for 1399.99, the exact same price as the Samsung. Now while that is certainly impressive, Apple also has a beautiful retina display on their machine, and also has a very premium feeling and well-built machine. I never thought I would say this, but the Macbook is actually a better deal. They both have Haswell processors, but apples is a bit better and comes with the Intel Iris 5100 graphics as opposed to the HD4400, which is lagging behind (no pun intended.) This machine comes with 8 gigs of ram, as opposed to 4 on the Samsung, and a 256gb solid state drive as opposed to the 128gb on the Samsung. It breezes through any tasks that you might have as a student or a business professional with ease. And the touchpad is still the best you will find on a laptop. Get this laptop, and you won't feel bad that you did. The resale value is also very spectacular on apple products, so if you are the type of user like me that is constantly upgrading and switching, it might be a good idea to take that into consideration.By the way, I am not an Apple "fanboy" and do not have an iPhone but rather a Droid. My desktop is self built. The only two Apple products I have are this Macbook Pro Retina and the wireless router (which is also quite excellent.) Sad that I had to make that disclaimer, but unfortunately there is too much "fanboyism" towards this company. I give credit where credit is due.