My wife and I just bought two of these computers - it was time to upgrade. We had actually bought two Dell computers, but they performed so poorly (despite similar specs) that we returned them and replaced them with these Y510P beauties.Now, we are both big time gamers and that is the purpose we got these for. We also use them for our research and home entertainment, where they are clearly overkill.Among the games we expected these to run well are Starcraft II, Crysis 3, Total War Rome and Civ V. Because we are suckers for beautiful graphics (and because we don't like breaking our bank on truly high end gaming laptops) we opted for getting the second graphics card in the Ultrabay. So, to be clear, this laptop works in an SLI configuration, which improves graphics drastically in very heavy games. For the past several hours I have been playing Crysis 3 in the native, full resolution with all graphics or high or above - with the graphics this computer delivers in the SLI setup it is simply an incredible experience. Without knowing the exact frame rate, I can tell you it was well into the land of diminishing returns - I don't need a higher frame rate. Crysis 3 is among the most graphics heavy games out there at the moment, so if this runs well, almost anything if not everything on the market at the moment will as well. Starcraft II and CIV V, both maxed our on all settings, look stunning.On performance in general - although not a perfect measure, the windows experience index (WEI) is a decent indication of hardware capabilities. On this laptop they are as follow (out of 9.9):Processor: 7.6Memory: 7.7Graphics: 7.5Gaming graphics (like 3d and gaming): 7.5Primary hard disk: 5.9That makes the overall WEI a 5.9 because the "weakest link" (subscore), in this case the hard drive, ends out as the overall score. Be aware, though, that this "bottleneck" doesn't actually affect your game experience much. Compared to a 7200 rpm hard drive, or an SSD, you will take slightly longer to load a game, but once it is loaded the hard drive will not be so slow as to change your game experience. Exceptions to this rule are large open world games where the computer doesn't load a full level at the beginning, but instead does so on the run - in that case you could experience a SLIGHTLY better experience with the 7200 rpm drive, but a significant improvement with the SSD. But, in my mind not one that is worth the few hundred bucks more a large SSD will cost you (unless you want improvements in hard drive speed for reasons other than gaming, such as frequently moving around large files). In all other aspects, the y510p performs very, very well.On other aspects than performance:This computer is pretty heavy for its class, as should be expected from the hardware it contains - two dedicated graphics cards, for example. That means it is by no means impossible to transport, but it is not an ultra-book. Don't expect to effortlessly throw it around in a should bag - the power transformer is the size of a brick, and weighs thereafter as well. So, if you are not out to get a laptop for its raw power, you are much better off with another device - one that is easier to transport and is smaller. That is why I say in the title that this is not an office PC.The laptop itself is absolutely stunning - but, of course, that is a matter of taste. It makes a statement with its bold corner shape and bright red keys (even when the back light of the keyboard is off), but I personally like that. The black, brushed surface, though, I imagine almost anyone will find beautiful and refined. It IS unfortunately a fingerprint magnet, and they are difficult to wipe off. But, I don't notice them unless someone else is handling the computer.On the software end, unfortunately Lenovo has left behind a bit of its legacy by including a bunch of bloatware (whether they were paid to or not, I do not know) and that is annoying, but 5 minutes of work will get rid of it all. They DO include a windows start button replacement which recreates the look of the start menu in Windows 7 and older, which I dearly miss in windows 8 (even with the update to Windows 8.1), and it works well.Overall, especially considering this very reasonable price tag of 999 dollars, we are incredibly happy with our purchase. We have bought a three year warranty (not accident plan) - With three years of warranty and this kind of hardware, we are sure to have great computers for the foreseeable future.