As a previous tablet PC user (HP TX2500), this laptop fit all the criteria I wanted in a tablet. 1080p matte screen (+another glossy), <3 lbs, active digitizer, SSD, mid-range CPU, backlit keyboard, etc. The other laptops/convertibles I was considering were the Vaio Duo 11, Dell XPS 12, or one of the Thinkpad convertibles, but they were all missing something or had some undesirable flaw (exposed wiring and non-adjustable screen, obvious points of failure, low resolution/missing digitizer). In terms of features/price, I think this one has them beat (if not just for the gorgeous dual full HD IPS screens and dual webcams, as well as wow factor).-Aesthetically, it seems similar to a Macbook Air, but has a slightly better build quality and better keyboard. The aluminum chassis does not feel like cheap dollar store pot metal and the hinge does not seem to be made from cheap plastic.-It only gets slightly warm on full load, and the fans barely ever make any noise whatsoever.-Audio quality is great, externally and internally. The speakers can get surprisingly loud.-Camera quality is about as good as the camera(s) on a modern smartphone.-Many people seem to be worried about damaging the outer screen, which is covered in Gorilla glass. I've bumped and nicked it a few times lightly on some surfaces, but there still isn't a scratch on it.-At first I thought using the device in tablet mode would be mostly pointless much like with my old TX2500. However, with Windows 8/Windows RT apps, I have found myself using this mode equally, if not more often than laptop mode.That being said, there are a few minor imperfections with it (like with any laptop).Hardware-This thing is a fingerprint magnet, both outside and inside. Luckily, it comes with not one, but two cleaning cloths for some reason.-Battery life is probably one of the larger flaws, though 4-4.5 hours of light to average use isn't awful for an i5 ultrabook. It usually charges from low batt. in around an hour or less, so I don't mind.-No, triple screen does not work, and I was not expecting it to work.Software-The Taichi Home software can be finicky at times, occasionally trying to figure out which mode it is currently in on wake and enabling the correct screen.-There isn't a WinTab driver out yet, so pressure sensitivity in Photoshop or Paint Tool Sai do not work. I've heard N-Trig is supposedly still working on this, though. ArtRage and OneNote detect pressure fine.-One of the things I miss the most is how customizable Synaptics touchpad drivers were. Don't get me wrong, the massive touchpad and Asus gestures work fine. I just miss tap zones and cursor momentum.-There also seemed to be a CPU throttling bug that was easily fixed by installing an updated touchpad driver.-Asus partitions quite a bit of the drive for recovery (20 GB image) leaving you a 93 GB partition (with the 128 GB SSD). Take that and the 20 GB Windows 8 installation, and you're left with about 60 something GB of user space. Personally, I just tacked on a tiny 64 GB flash drive and moved my static files there and left the SSD more open for programs.-Custom Asus software means a little more RAM usage than a vanilla install. Probably 100 MB give or take, but with soldered RAM, every byte counts.I've found this ultrabook convertible to be perfect for reading muh chinese girl comics and watching chinese girl cartoons.Overall, this laptop is well-built and worth exactly (if not more) what you pay for, as well as wonderfully fun and interesting to use.