I have been using Windows machines for about the last 20 years.  For a change, I decided to try the Mac in late 2009 for a home machine, as I wasn't impressed with any of the PC/Win Vista laptop offerings at the time.  I use the Mac just about every day as a home computer for mail, surfing, photo organization, etc.  I also continue to work on a Windows machine at work - meaning I have to switch between the two daily.  A few main points I would like to share:1) Need to run Windows with BootCamp, Parallels, or VMWare - I purchased VMWare thinking I would need it, but haven't even installed it yet.  Most everything I need comes with the Mac, or is available on the Internet for free.  In fact, I have not purchased any software for the Mac, other than a word processor / spreadsheet application.  All file formats I use and/or create (PDF, DOC, XLS, JPG) can be passed between my Windows work machine and Mac w/o issues.2) The small form factor of this laptop, within the aluminum case make this a joy to fold up and carry around.  With any of the Windows laptop I have used, when you unfold the machine and start to use it again (waking from standby), you are not sure if the machine will wake up correctly, be connected to the Internet, etc.  The Mac works flawlessly in this respect, in that you open it and its ready to go in a few seconds.3) The screen / video is great.  I am sure you can get the same screens and video hardware in Windows based laptops, but you will have to pay a bit more.  Thus, for the hardware you get, you don't a lot more for the Mac than Windows PC (at least for the 13" model)4) The machine is quiet, and you never hear the fan running.  I laugh as I write this as my wife's Toshiba fan is kicking in, making this terrible whirling noise.5) The touch pad is large, about twice the size of a typical Windows laptop.  This large size makes the OSX 'gestures' usable, for scrolling pages windows, moving back and forward, etc.  Once you get familiar with the gestures, its makes the laptop experience a lot better.  I find myself not needing the external mouse, and never use one.  One problem though, when I move to my Windows laptop, and by habit do the same gestures, w/o luck ;)6) OSX versus Windows - I think both are great OS's.  I will say though that the Mac/OSX environment is much more controlled, and this is where the advantage comes in for stability and performance.  Think about the fact that Windows must support 1000's of different hardware types, including device drivers for all of these.  The chances of instability, conflicts, etc. is quite high.  With the Mac, the hardware is very limited and specific, allowing developers to focus and test much better, with the results being a more stable platform.7) Applications - Windows has many more choices of applications.  However the limited number of applications available for the Mac is also sometimes a blessing as they are integrated better, and play nicely to together.  Take for example iPhoto integrated with iMovie, etc.  This become even more important if you have an iPhone, as you want to have a smaller set of 'good' applications playing nicely together.8) Mac Keyboard shortcuts - if you don't use a mouse, keyboard shortcuts make things happen much more quicker.  Mac has a lot of support for keyboard shortcuts, and you can do just about anything with a keyboard shortcut.  This makes the usability and experience much better, you just need to learn the shortcuts.9) Reliability - I have read some reviews both on Amazon and professional.  A computer is a computer, and if you abuse it, it will break.  Hard drives are hard drives, used both in Windows and Mac PCs.  Eventually they do fail, and the harder you are on your laptop (moving, shaking, bumping), the quicker they will fail.  The same goes for other components, great care is required to get maximum life.10) Support - While never needing support from Mac, I have read that its probably the best in the industry.  Combine that will the Apple Store, where you can walk in, and talk to a real person who understands English.  For anyone who is not that familiar with working with computers, this is a huge advantage.In summary, for the standard computer user who is not an IT wizard, the Mac Book makes a lot of sense.  Yes, the price of a Mac is higher, but if you combine the better stability along with the better support from Apple, its money well spent.