I was on the hunt for a low cost, high quality laptop.The things that I was looking for in a laptop were:-A clear, bright screen-At least 14 inch screen-Fast!-An island keyboard-A number pad-Under $350 total-Windows 7-webcam and mic-clear sound-disk input-memory card inputI bought this laptop at best buy. I hunted around at other stores such as walmart, office depot and even here on amazon but in the end found it at best buy and bought it a day later. It fit literally EVERYTHING on my list and I couldn't be  more thrilled. It's so fast and bright I have no complaints.I use it mostly for online things. Youtube is so fast! It's faster than my desktop that cost me over $1000 two years ago. There is no lagging. I play games that are slow on all of my other friends laptops such as OMGPOP and Pottermore and have no issues with lagging. I don't download much, just a few things like GIMP, Skype and MS Word.The pros are all of the things I listed that I wanted. It really does include all those things and it does them well. The color is beautiful and the keyboard is perfect for what I wanted.Some cons would be the battery life. It's short. As in, really short. You can expect probably 3 and a half hours max out of it. For me that doesn't really matter since I always have it plugged in when I'm using it, or I only use it for a little while unplugged. Another con would be the body shape. It's very square and the edges are really "sharp". Not really sharp but pointy? It can start to hurt your arm depending upon how you rest it. One more thing that I feel the need to mention, but you can easily fix when you set it up is the pinch zoom. Anytime you have anything other than your one finger resting on the key pad (even by accident) and are viewing a webpage it will start scrolling in and out spasticly. You can change that in the control panel though, so it was an easy fix.One thing that really has helped me improve the speed and quality of my experience is uninstalling and removing all of the "garbage" software. I got rid of Norton and got AVG since it's smaller. I also I got rid of countless other softwares and I have noticed how much FASTER my computer goes. It's really crazy how much little things like that can make a difference. Not that it was slow before but now it's just crazy fast.I give it a 4 out of 5 stars because while I LOVE it, bad battery life can be seen as a horrible problem to some.For this price though, you really can't get any better. It's a very nice laptop that  would be a perfect match for anyone who isn't looking for a Macbook quality.Despite the fact that lenovo is a less known brand, I recommend you take a leap of faith. My laptop has turned out to be nicer than my friend's brand new HP that she paid $100 MORE for.