I bought this at Best Buy considerably cheaper, so my first piece of advice would be to check there before ordering through Amazon (I would not have paid nor is it worth more than the $349 I paid for it).I decided to try out the idea of a transformer after my less than 2 year old laptop broke- one of the screen clips broke completely off and I was given a $200+ quote to get it fixed, so I figured I might as well get a new computer and didn't want to have to deal with that again. The idea of the transformer took care of that, so I decided to branch out and give it a shot.- GENERAL: I spend a lot of time uploading/editing photos, and this computer just isn't practical for that. With only the 2GB memory, just adding 40 pictures temporarily to my downloads folder between editing and transferring to my flash drive slows the computer down to the point that I can't even edit the pictures (I use online editing software, so that's not what's slowing it down).- GENERAL: I'm someone who keeps everything stored on a flash drive, and I've also never been a fan of the laptop mouse, so I always have a traditional USB mouse plugged in. With this computer, I can't have the mouse and flash drive plugged in at the same time since there is only 1 USB port, which makes editing photos and saving anything to the flash drive that much harder.- GENERAL: I really don't see the point in having a touch screen when it's being used in the form of a laptop (with the keyboard connected). Probably my favorite feature is the ability to go back and forth between tablet/laptop form, and the touch screen does respond well. However, it is almost too big to be used as a tablet in my opinion. It is heavy and hard to hold with one hand.- GENERAL: Because of the small size of the computer itself, I find it hard to type on the keyboard. Some of the keys are in different places than what I'm used to, and it's hard to type using the "home row" keys if that's what you're used to. It can be done, but not without looking at the keyboard while you type or doing a lot of deleting.- CON: I'm sure this can be switched out with another cord, but the USB charger cord it comes with is WAY too short. My outlet and the arm of my couch is only an end table's distance apart and the cord barely reaches.- PRO: Battery life does seem to last about 8 hours.- PRO: This thing has AMAZING sound quality and speakers!I decided to return it to Best Buy after a little more than a week, for a few reasons. 1) It just wasn't practical for what I need a computer for. 2) I was having a LOT of issues getting it to turn on and off- pushing the power button and nothing would happen. It took several tries to get it to turn on. That was frustrating enough for me not to want to deal with it- that's not what I paid $350 for.Overall, based on the reviews (which is part of the reason I chose to buy this computer to begin with) and the guys at Best Buy backing them up (they were surprised to see it getting returned, but agreed that the powering on/off issue was probably a defect), I would still recommend this computer if it is not your ONLY/MAIN computer. I can see it being nice for travel and it is very convenient to have around in terms of how portable it is. It was also a good music source. I just don't think it's very practical for everyday use, even for people like me who use their laptop for simple things like surfing the web and Facebook.