This little laptop (Ultrabook) is fantastic. It is pretty much everything that is advertised. It is extremely fast and has some great features. It boots in about 10 seconds from a cold start. The battery can last for about 12 hours strait (In my experience) while watching streaming video. There is no disc drive of any kind so just be aware of that. It is extremely thin and light for it's power and the screen is pretty nice and crisp when viewed straight on. For angled view the screen can appear to have blacked out portions.When I first got this I had some kind of error that caused the computer to not boot and give a very scary warning. But after letting it rest and restarting a couple of times I have never had this problem again. The touch pad is also sometimes not very responsive and sometimes in the beginining it actually stopped altogether. Both the criticle boot error and the touch pad problem seemed to go away with updates installed.The sound for this computer is fantastic for the size of the frame. There is virtually no distortion and the lows and highs are easily distinguishable. Of course it always helps to connect to a larger set of good quality speakers but for the size the sound from the built in speakers is fantastic. Better then most full size laptops and even some HDTVs!!!The power cord connector seems very loose and the light on the connector has a hard time indicating that it is charging. There is a connector to get the video out to a VGA but you have to use a supplied mini VGA adaptor. There is also a mini HDMI port. There are two USB ports: A 2.0 on the left and a 3.0 on the right.The headphone jack also serves as a microphone input jack. I am not sure how that works for a headset with mic but most headset mic combinations are USB anyway.This Ultrabook comes with the 13.3 inch screen, COREi5, and a 128 GB SSD. I highly recomend the 13.3 inch screen over anything else. The size difference is huge while not adding to the overall size of the actuall computer. Plus the 11 inch screen only has one USB port. I have read that the COREi7 doesn't add that much speed. If you can afford it I would also recommend going with the 256 GB SSD for added storage unless you have a large external drive or cloud service. This is a great computer to travel with and I download my SD card from my camera frequently. There is one SD card slot (not multi card slot). With 128 GB hard drive space photos can eat up that space fast.ASUS provides a very nice slip case for the computer that is well padded with felt and serves to protect the sexy aluminum finish well.I know that next generation models have a lighted keyboard which I wish I had but other than that I recommend this Ultrabook. Plus, it just looks really sexy!