Protip: Upgrade with Crucial 256 GB m4 2.5-Inch Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/s CT256M4SSD2 and Komputerbay 16GB (2x 8GB) DDR3 PC3-12800 1600MHz SODIMM 204-Pin Laptop Memory 10-10-10-27 with Black Heatspreaders to make your MBP perform faster than you can think.I transitioned from PC all through high school to a white MacBook in 2006 for college. Added an iMac about 2 years later. Then, switched back to primarily PC for work on a HP Envy 14. I also took some time to build a sweet gaming PC rig. And now, after selling the iMac (not really used since college), the gaming PC and the HP Envy 14, I have hopped back onto this MacBook Pro 13 inch.I'm very glad to be back on an Apple product. Having used PCs exclusively for the last 2 years, I can identify a few specific reasons why I wanted to get back to Mac.1) Mouse mechanics - there is really nothing in the PC market that compares to the Mac trackpad. The closest alternative to its smooth, accurate and conveniently place functionality is the Lenovo ThinkPad's red nipple. Since I work often where having to pull out a separate mouse would be inconvenient, this was an important point for me.2) Battery life - even new, the HP Envy only hits 3 hours or so on a full charge. I can squeeze close to 6 hours out of the MBP. Trips on the road make the doubled battery life very useful.3) Lion productivity features - I remember having to use a second monitor on my PC setups just for the real estate. i can honestly say that I am fine without that now when able to swipe between desktops with 3 finger motions on this trackpad. Having a second monitor anyway is a bonus now that lets me just keep iTunes or Outlook open on the side.4) Speed - Lion and the upgrades I've added to this MBP (listed above) have made this computer incredibly fast. I can crunch through 500,000 row Excel spreadsheets, update my iPhone firmware, and watch a 720p YouTube without any noticeable hitches. Startup takes less than 10 seconds, waking from start is instantaneous (so awesome and useful!), install speeds are zippy.5) Prettiness - beautiful work machines can inspire better and more creative work. It does more than just make me want to use the MBP more - it's a constant reminder of how careful planning, bold design choices, good engineering, and hard work make inspirational products.Clearly I'm a fan. Still, I'm going to deduct a star for three reasons:1) Price - it's expensive for the components inside. The price essentially values the Lion OS X and integrated software/hardware at something like $200 over similar Windows systems.2) Fragile aesthetics - the aluminum frame scratches a little too easily and the glossy screen picks up fingerprints/oil. I'm babying the hell out of this MBP, which means taking off my aircraft aluminum watch before using it and wiping its screen down about once every other day.3) Glossy screen - screen glare makes working in sunlight basically impossible.