I've been using PC's since the 90's and am an avid computer enthusiast. Granted my schools computers I used we're Apple II's in the 80's and even the Mac 128k's in the 90's. But I've always been a Windows user building my own PC's and maxing out graphics cards and what have you. Been in the IT/IS industry since 2001.The thing is I'd come home from fixing computer problems to a computer/s with random problems. Maybe Windows didn't recognize the drivers to my graphics card for some reason and I had to reinstall it. Or a laptop that I downgraded from Vista to XP (Really though, downgrade?) suddenly starts overheating (only after sleep mode starts) because the manufacturer made software (not hardware) control the fan and the software only runs on Vista. Finally I had enough, I just wanted something that works.So almost shamefully/embarrassingly I bought an iMac. How dare I? I could build a computer for the same price with X times more performance! But after I started using it I realized I could stop worrying about that stuff and just start using the computer. Like Obi'wan says to Luke "Just let go" Mac's are a whole new world. The idea of make it easy to use spreads over to people who make the software for it, not just Apple software but third party's. Yes you can do everything on a Mac now. And sure you may have to install Windows to play your favorite games. But I've spent so much of my time seeing and fixing all the wonderfully awful problems that Windows spews out that it's nice to have a liberating experience on a computer that just works. Plugging in things like cameras or printers for the first time nothing happens. No window pop's up asking you to configure anything they're ready to go.I don't find myself having to go into a registry and change some variables because a toolbar disapeared. Or finding out that Creative doesn't fully support Vista for the sound card I bought dispite the box saying it does.I'm familiar with Linux and the OS is based on BSD/Unix. So your getting the shell, and you can run apache and php on it. With sooooo much less configuration then you would be looking to do with a windows box. And the thing about the spec's is your getting an OS tied into the hardware so much that performance is great. Windows has to account for a lot of different hardware configurations so sacrifices are made.And no your not buying a lifestyle your buying something that just works so you can get to work. You don't have to use these at starbucks drinking a latte and talking about your Jetta or how you voted for Obama. And you aren't going to become a pretentious snob.I haven't even mention the hardware of this particular Macbook. But things like a magnetically closing lid means there are no moving parts to break. Same with the power supply which is connected magnetically. It doesn't scorch my manhood from overheating. And it's very quite. I haven't heard the fan or harddrive kick on into overdrive at all like most laptops.Funny thing is I understand I probably sound like a snob talking about Mac's but in a lot of important ways they are better then PC's. When are PC's going to stop becoming things that get in the way of life? Maybe Windows 7 will fix all of your problems and make computing easier, if you don't think so come to the dark side and get a Mac.