I recently purchased the 13" 2012 Macbook Air with 256GB hard drive. I've spent a good amount of time with it. These are my first impressions.Not surprisingly, the first thing I noticed was that it's very light weight. When you are traveling, and picking up and moving your laptop often, having something that's lightweight is appreciated.The next obvious characteristic is that it's very slim and compact. Unless you are fortunate enough to be flying business class, or first class, you'll be mobbed up with the rest of us average joes in coach class. There is little room on that tray table. I tried using a 15" alienware gaming laptop once on coach, and I made myself look the fool. This will fit within the confines of your crammed seat. Even if you're a lanky 6'1 guy like me.Battery life is excellent. If you are on an international flight, a flight with a layover, or on a long road trip or train ride, you will need every minute of battery life you can get. This will net 5-7 hours depending on what you're doing, and how low you can tolerate the screen brightness being.Shutdown, Boot up, sleep, and awake times are blazing, blazing fast. Perhaps the fastest of any commercial grade laptop? This is good for a laptop because you may very well find yourself using the laptop in small spurts of time, and you'll need to put it in sleep, and wake it up more often than you would a desktop machine.Another great thing is the solid state drive. This is what gives the Air it's long battery life, and its impossibly sleek dimensions, but the great thing about solid state hard drives is that they are much more reliable than optical hard drives, especially in laptops, where they experience drops, shock, and impact more than desktops. Even a minor bump has the capability to put an optical hard drive out of commission.I remember having original iPods that had optical hard drives, and I always had problems with them. I have owned every iPod Touch generation since its first release, and not one has ever had a hard drive issue, since they all use solid state storage.So you have all these great features that lend themselves well to the purposes of a laptop. The keyboard is the best I have ever used on a laptop. Keys are well spaced, and have a crisp feel. Typing is super accurate, and the adjustable backlit keys are a welcome feature to a nightowl like myself. The track pad is HUGE. I couldnt ask for any more real estate, and I have unusually long fingers too.I spent some time learning all of the trackpad gestures, and once you learn them, web surfing, file browsing, and viewing pictures will be faster, and more pleasant. I love being able to swipe instead of pressing my browsers forward and back button. When I go to a website that has tiny text, I pinch out, and increase the font size quickly and effortlessly. I rely on clicking and scrolling on a mouse less. You accomplish tasks faster.The screen is sharp, vibrant, and gorgeous. The brightness level goes high, which you will need if you ever use it outdoors on a sunny day. But make sure to set the brightness as low as you can if you are running on the battery.The laptop is as quiet as a ninja in the night. When doing basic tasks like web browsing, or listening to iTunes, or viewing pictures, its near silent. When you are running hardware intensive programs or 3D gaming, the fan starts going, but it is still pretty quiet.Even though it has integrated graphics, this laptop is still capable of running some pretty good looking modern games at moderate settings. You can run Diablo 3, Starcraft 2, Battlefield 3, MW3, Grand Theft Auto IV, and Assassins Creed on medium settings with acceptable framerates. To me, that's impressive for a super thin laptop that doesn't have a dedicated GPU.I considered the Macbook Pro because of it's more powerful specs, but in the end, i'm confident that i'll be happier with the Air. The performance meets my needs, and the sleekness, lightweight, style, and lower price give it the edge.I have used retina displays on the iPad and iPod Touch, and I know how gorgeous it is, but still there arent very many OSX apps and websites that utilize the retina display, so I don't feel that I am missing much. Plus the Retina display demands more power, and that means more battery consumption. Still, this non retina display is still sharp and beautiful.If I absolutely needed a macbook with the best hardware, I would have chose the Pro, but for my needs, the Air handles the things I need.As far as downsides go, I like the previous magsafe power adapter better. It was thinner, and less prone to accidentally being disconnected.Like all of Apple's computers, the price isn't cheap. I can't say that you're getting a bargain. But i'm willing to pay more for a good product. I think it's worth the price. And it helps that Apple products have the best resale value of any electronics brand.I don't know how tough and durable the laptop is, since I haven't dropped it, or used it in harsh conditions for long periods of time, but I have had good luck with macs in the past. No serious hardware failures so far. And I love the aluminum enclosure, which is stronger, feels better, and is much more classy than your typical plastic bodied laptops.This is what a laptop should be!