This computer is gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous.I bought this Zenbook Prime to replace a 2011 11" Macbook Air which, after a bit of water damage, was going to cost $750 to repair. For that same amount I was able to buy this fella used through Amazon Warehouse. It was a no-brainer and I still have no regrets, though I primarily used Windows 8 on the MBA as I find it to be preferable to OSX.I would like to first emphasize how amazing Amazon Warehouse Deals are. This computer came completely refurbished--the only difference between the refurbished Apple products I've bought and this one was the amount of accessories that came with this thing. For the price paid it was absolutely excellent, especially considering it was actually cheaper than the UX31 sporting an i5. It was like new, with no scratches or anything, and it very clearly had a roto-rooter refurb job done on it for much cheaper than the models listed as refurbished.This computer is physically gorgeous. The screen on this thing is life-changing. It is, in my opinion, a prettier package than the Macbook Air--while the Apple aluminum look is now dated, this brushed aluminum look is a head-turner. While the new Haswell chips are excellent for battery life, Apple's failure to incorporate a full HD screen makes the MBA not even worth considering when compared to the UX31. It comes with what would have been $100 worth of accessories--cases, adapters, etc. The backlit keyboard is a nice touch, and the keyboard itself is stately and aesthetically pleasing.Performance is good. While the integrated graphics aren't powerful enough to handle full HD gaming, by lowering the settings slightly Super Meat Boy was playable, and the screen made playing (wandering around?) Fez a great experience. I'm not a real gamer but it has thus far suited my needs. The computer can handle any multimedia one throws at it, and Photoshop runs so easily on this computer I fear it would get bored if it were sentient. I'd highly recommend upgrading to Windows 8 as the vivid colors of the OS really pop. The screen isn't as great as the Chromebook Pixel, and I haven't compared it to the Retna, but for $750 used it's impressive enough to make me forgo watching things on my HDTV. I haven't experienced the leaks around the edges of the screen others have mentioned--the exterior construction is flawless and gorgeous.There is, however, one fatal flaw with the quality control--there is none. I nearly returned this computer, and certainly would have if it weren't for my roommate's torx wrench and a little technical proficiency. There are many reoccurring issues into which buyers of these computers have run (both used and new, leading me to blame Asus rather than Amazon), ranging from light leaks on the outer parts of the screen and the one with which I had an issue--the keyboard just isn't connected strong enough and random keys stopped working (D, delete, and the direction pad) consistently but intermittently. This issue was so common I was able to Google the issue and find out how to fix it. I had to pop open the back of the computer (something I'd assume most would agree shouldn't be necessary with a brand new computer, and something with which many wouldn't be comfortable), take off the MASKING TAPE WHICH HELD TOGETHER THE KEYBOARD CONNECTOR and reconnect it. Since I've done this I have absolutely zero complaints about the computer, but for a computer that typically retails for over $1000 this seems a bit egregious. I know if virtually any of my relatives had purchased this computer it would be considered "broken."It is really tough to recommend this laptop to anyone without a bit of technical proficiency due to these sort of quality control issues. I nearly returned it, knowing I can't trust the innards to not fall apart when a piece of tape dries. If you're going to buy this laptop, the most must-have accessory is a torx wrench. If I had the option for half stars it'd have been 3.5, but I can't suggest it's nearly perfect. Now that 1080p is becoming the industry standard for screens, and everyone's producing ultrabooks, it's likely worth looking at some of the competition. I wouldn't discourage you from buying this laptop if you're confident you can handle some minor internal maintenance but that really shouldn't be necessary. [Consider this review to be four stars if you're the type who doesn't get anxiety when opening the back of a laptop.] If Asus spent as much time on quality control as it did on the excellent screen and gorgeous aesthetics this would've been five stars.