Bottom line: If power and battery life are important to you in a Chromebook, this is definitely gives you the biggest, longest bang for your buck.First - as other reviewers have said, you need to understand what a Chromebook is and what it isn't, and understand what your actual needs are. You should probably disregard any poor reviews that focus on Chrome OS. Chrome OS is built entirely around the browser, so if the majority of what you need to do is also centered around the browser then you should be very satisfied. You may still need a "main" computer, because it isn't going to run Quicken or the latest Call of Duty.I looked at several models (most notably from Samsung and HP) before opting for the Acer. I was very skeptical about Acer, having first-hand experience with managing their products and selling them, but they've done an excellent job here. Be very careful when looking at reviews for the C7-series ... a lot of them are of the older C710, which is inferior to the C720 in almost every respect.I bought this for my wife, who probably would have been satisfied with the 2GB model. I opted for the 4GB because they had one refurbished for $189. I've been stealing it and using it around the house and I absolutely love it. It is our first Chromebook, but I also have about a dozen other devices - A work-horse Dell Latitude E-series laptop with Windows 8.1, two gaming desktop rigs, a Surface Pro tablet, Kindle Fire, etc. I find myself using this Acer for my evening activities 90% of the time when I get home from work.There were a few things on my wishlist for a Chromebook and this thing hits them all:Performance/Speed:This laptop is extremely snappy for a Chromebook - no amount of tabs or videos I opened seemed to cause it to slow down. You could talk all day about the hardware, but the bottom line is that I never find myself waiting for it do anything, minus the 7 seconds (!) it takes to boot.Screen:Nothing to write home about and it isn't as bright as some other units, but I found it to be more than adequate for where we used it most often - inside the house. I'm not taking a laptop out to the beach personally. I really liked the matte finish, which makes much more sense to me than a glossy screen to reduce glare and reflection. This isn't a super-high pixel density screen, but it is still above average and for the money you can't do much better at 11.6". I find that I don't miss my Surface Pro screen at all (which has a much higher resolution, PPI, and a smaller screen).Battery:Amazing. 8.5 hours is not an exaggeration, depending on how you use it. We rarely have to think about charging it - and when we do, it charges very quickly. It has the best battery life of all of our devices (minus our Kindle) and I can always count on it to be charged and usable. The Haswell micro-architecture in the processor goes a long ways towards providing excellent performance without producing too much heat or burning the battery down.Mouse/Keyboard:Both excellent. My wife loves the touch pad (an input device she normally hates) and click-anywhere functionality. You'll be hard-pressed to find a fault with the keyboard, which is very usable and comfortable. It has great feedback and I had no problem getting up to 100% of my normal WPM rate on this thing. The touch pad click is pretty dang loud, but tapping is just as easy and appropriate in most situations. It isn't quite as responsive as something in the vein of a MacBook Air, but once again - this is a $250 machine.Comfort/Weight:There are lighter 10-12" machines out there, but you'd be crazy to call this thing heavy at just under 3 lbs. It is only marginally heavier than an 11" MacBook Air. It does have a fan, though it hardly puts out any heat. The fan does generate a small amount of background noise. I personally don't notice it unless the room is dead quiet.Input/Output:The USB 3.0 and an SD card reader mean we don't need another device to take on the road and connect to our camera to upload photos. HDMI output is a great addition, though if you find yourself often connecting to your TV I would recommend getting the $35 Chromecast, which makes the experience cable-free and much smoother.Aesthetics:It isn't as sexy as some other units, but I don't find it to be particularly ugly either as some have suggested. It is attractive enough that you won't feel embarrassed pulling it out of your bag in a crowded airport terminal - just don't expect to garner any device-envy from those nearby.All-in-all, we are very happy with the purchase - nice work Acer!