I was very skeptical on this purchase because I never heard of MSi computers. Most of the brands I bought in the past were, Toshibas, HPs, and Dell. So needless to say I was a bit apprehensive with this $1500.00 purchase.The main reason for choosing this MSi GT70 is for the amount of RAM. I did compare it with ASUS laptops too, I wanted more than 8 GB. The MSi has 12 GB. I also wanted a powerful graphics card and this one had a GeForce X675m. Although the graphics card only comes with 2 GB of memory this is still vast improvement over my Dell i7core Studio. I do video editing and wanted a powerful machine. The MSi GT70 does the job fine.Games: I'm not a big gamer and this is not the main reason for purchasing this laptop. I did play one game that always crashed on every computer I have owned in the last 10 years. Playing on the GT70 was a pleasure. With turbo boost and manual fan control, it played as smooth as butter. There was not one map scenario I could not play, ...and no crashes.Pre-purchase concerns:1. I read some people were experiencing hinges breaking. This certainly is scary, but is a rare condition - so don't expect this to be a frequent occurring defect and MSI might have corrected the issue by this date.  Google it for more info.2. Unknown brand which I mentioned before.So let me list out the pros and cons as of this date. I'll start with the cons first.Cons:1. Windows 8 was a little tricky at first, I would of rather have windows 7 which is on my Dell and I am familiar with it. However, after a short time of working with it, I found W8 to be very intuitive and perhaps easier to use. It is formatted in an Apps format for the the Windows Start page. This makes customizing possible, but you need to acquire a little practice. See YouTube for demonstration videos!!2. Size: Please don't be fooled by the proportionate dimensions in the picture. This laptop is big! Almost 17 inches long, 11.5 inches deep, 12.5 inches high when open. Large foot print on your desk.3. Weight: At 8.6 lbs this computer is no featherweight. Actually it is lighter than I imagined, and when compared to my Dell 16" just slightly heavier. But it is heavier and bulkier than most laptops.4. Although MSi has built the machine with some plastic panels and brushed aluminum panels, the plastic looks a little cheap. Although, the black brushed aluminum panels are beautiful.  The plastic casing in not a deal breaker, but slightly noticeable. In addition, when opening the laptop, the inside with the Steelseries keyboard and brush aluminum panel looks high quality.Pros:1. The screen is non-reflective and is not as some reviewers have complained, muddy or grainy. I hardly noticed the matte finish, but I did notice the glare was minimum in the sun. Very nice screen - also reduces eye strain.2. The lighted key board and the Steelseries key board. Well lit and you can change colors of the whole keyboard or just a section. The keyboard is very responsive and feels like a quality keyboard.3. Button on DVD tray - there is still one on the key board to release the tray , but you will have a backup in case the the other goes.4. Very well made. Solid machine for the cost. Built to last.5. A laptop that stays cool! Even using turbo burst I have not had a hot computer playing higher CPU games/video editing. Some say the fan is loud. It is in turbo mode. The fan on my 16 in. Dell Studio was much louder for everyday use.6. DynaAudio - Sounds very good no distortion and the woofer on the bottom of the unit makes a difference. Best sounding laptop without headphones.I will update this review as time goes on. But at this time I am very pleased with this laptop and impressed for what it can do.