Straight to the point - This little guy is great for the price.  It runs great and I see no problems in Vista.  HP's bloatware is a seperate issue.Things it can do better than a netbook:1.  Play games to an extent (slightly older games or newer ones with lower settings).  Left 4 Dead ran fine on medium settings.2.  You can watch 720p HD video thanks to the discreet video!  I used Media Player Classic with the CoreAVC h.264 codec.  HDMI output to my HDTV played flawlessly.The screen's native resolution negates 1080p, but even with CoreAVC 1080p is barely watchable.3.  Hard drive is larger so it holds more.Things it can't do as well as a laptop:1.  Single core cpu doesnt to multitasking well.  It was a little slow loading vlcplayer and IE at the same time.2.  Flash video on the web can stutter if it's high def.  I blame Adobe for this.  Flash is poorly coded.  Why can this computer run 720p video with a good codec yet stumble on streaming flash video?!  Adobe is working on hardware acceleration but it looks platform specific.  Seems shady that I can play a 4gb video file flawlessly yet web video that streams at 150kbps stutters.  Shame on you Adobe.3.  Edit photos or video.  Photoshop loads and runs fine but can't handle large files well.  I used a 150MB PSD file and it took forever to run some filters.4.  1080p video basically requires at LEAST dual core.Another downer - BLOATWARE.  Come on HP, things are ridiculous.  I had to uninstall probably 15 different apps/trials and used msconfig to trim the startup to get decent boot times.  This should be resolved with the free upgrade to Windows 7 I'm due.  Clean OS load = happy computer!Ratings - 10/10 system1.  Hardware config 8/10  ( dual core proc probably would up the price $50 and GREATLY increase performance but also chip away battery life.)2.  Performance 8/10  (720p video is fine, flash stumbles, gaming performance is on par with hardware config)3.  Software config 5/10  (HP loaded bloatware, needed driver updates for best performance)In short, this computer is a great step up from a netbook because I can watch movies on the plane, and play some games for entertainment.  The battery life is about 3.5 hrs which is better than what I would get with a laptop that CAN edit video.  I estimate I can get 4-4.5 hrs out of the battery if I play movies from a thumb drive (no spinning platters = power savings!) and dim the screen.  I actually like the external optical drive cause it saves battery life!  It does what I got it for.  Plays 720p video, surfs the web, basic gaming.  A netbook with similar performance is $700 at the moment, and this HP has a larger screen!Can't wait to load Windows 7 on it.  Since I'm an IT guy, I am used to tweaking units to get the best performance.  I know having a straight load of Windows 7 will be best, loading only the HP drivers and performance might even go up a little more above its current "cleaned out" state.  A standard user may not be comfortable doing what it takes to get an OEM computer performing as it should, but that's what it takes.  That's why HP, Dell, Gateway, etc can sell computers so cheap, the money they get for including bloatware covers some of YOUR costs.