I bought the T100 about a week and a half ago and I'm in love with it. It has shortcomings, but it makes up for those with aplomb.  I'm going to go over a few points that I think will be helpful (and I already wrote for ars).BugginessTo start out with I think Asus released buggy software at the start. Online you'll see a few different revisions being sold and I purposefully bought what I believed to be a later model and have had zero issues with keyboards, black screens when charging etc... My trackpad also seems to work well though some gestures don't get picked up great. I ended up disabling all their trackpad software. I definitely don't fault the reviewers for this, but I wanted to let people know that this is not the norm.Software & WindowsThe reviews rightly pointed out the the lack of apps for RT, but the big stuff I use is on the Windows store. More importantly you have access to all your normal apps. This was a big thing for me. I had the original Surface and I loved 8.1 but sometimes I needed an app, like something for FTP or a good code editor, or a good image editor and it wasn't there. With a full version of windows I get the RT apps which work great then I can run a full version of Photoshop, Sublime Text & WinSCP when I need.  In addition you can install Steam and actually play games.Really the ability to run regular Windows apps is what sold me on this. Beyond the free copy of Office you get, you can run basically anything on this. Unlike iOS or Android I'm not limited in my options or limited to a touch screen. If I need to do work, I can do it and then with a swipe bring back ars while hulu is snapped to the side of my screen. Windows 8 just really shines on this machine. You'll get Microsoft's vision if you use this for a few minutes.HardwareThe Atom CPU and Windows 8 keep everything incredibly smooth. As the reviews have mentioned you can bog it down if you do a bunch on your desktop but I was playing games while it streamed a movie from its sd card to my xbox 360. It really packs a punch hardware wise. You won't play the latest titles, even at the lowest res, but if you're like me and travel a bit for work anything can be great. I'm actually looking forward to my next flight as I know I can now play Civ 5 on lower settings.The display isn't great, but it also isn't bad. The colors look nice, and viewing angles are fine. Higher res might be nice but on a 10" I'm not bothered.The sound is surprisingly good. No, I'm actually blown away by how good the speakers on this machine are. It's just weird. They're loud, clear and actually seem to have a fairly good range. I mean they're not going to compete with your desktop speakers at all but for a tablet they're amazing.The battery life is fantastic. Seriously all day battery with my usage. I was sick the other day and played FTL for about 2 hours, watched some hulu, a movie, then realized I could use Play To with my 360 and watched another movie by streaming it to my tv through my xbox 360 while browsing the web and ended up with about 50% battery after maybe 5 or 6 hours. I did find that it clocks itself down to about 600mhz when you get under 10% and you'll start to see some performance issues then. Really the only issue here is it charges with micro usb so charge times can take a bit.Materials & DesignOk, so now the bad. The keyboard is fine in my opinion. I really love typing on it actually, but it is a little cramped. My biggest peeve though is the right shift key is super small. The trackpad is fine. I'd like it if it were bigger, if it worked better and if they basically transplanted a macbook pro's trackpad, but as far as windows computers go this is fine.The biggest issue is definitely the materials they used. The only word to describe the back of the tablet is cheap. The materials in general aren't great which was the hardest part of moving from a Surface.Final ThoughtsI wish the screen had a glass panel, I wish it was made of aluminum, I wish the keyboard was laid out differently, I wish the trackpad was better, I wish the windows key was hidden away somewhere other then next to the volume button. It would be neat if there were options for keyboard bases with additional storage. I'd love a kickstand on the tablet portion. There are a lot of faults, but the important thing about this is it's amazing.Basically I'd love if Microsoft had made this. If they'd just put an Atom inside the Surface 2 it would have blown everyone's minds. This isn't bad though. Sure if you take it to a coffee shop, people will probably drop money into your laptop bags as they walk past with their iPads and MacBook's. Android users will probably scoff at you for using Windows. But in the end you'll have a great computer that can really do anything except possibly look amazing.In closing, I love my T100.