Every college student has a shopping list, not only with books but of essentials to help them succeed. This list can vary from dorm necessities to simple pencils and paper,but one of the key objects in this list should be a reliable laptop.  The functions of  laptop for  college students are vital due to the technological dependency our society has now: researches are made online,everything must be typed and assignments are on the web . Picking a computer can get tricky due to the vast choices available in the market ;however knowing exactly the needs of a student can help. The Apple Macbook Air 13.3 inch can be an exceptional purchase  for all college students who are looking for the foolproof laptop.  There are many components needed to be able to categorize a laptop as foolproof, instead of just simply helpful or ordinary . One of them including remarkable features and reliant performance. The Macbook Air 13.3 inch comes with many programs a student can benefit from such as: Safari, Office Suite and iCloud. Having iCloud can be favorable since this program allows you to store and share data between other apple devices, as well as syncing to do list and notes from one device to another. This laptop comes with password assistant assuring your documents are safe and HD graphics making everything on this computer clearer and more enjoyable to look at.Macbook Air's features expand from a 128GB storage to a 12 hour battery life, reassuring you that there will be enough storage for all important paperwork and enough battery to take notes in a classroom per say. Aside from these unique features the Macbook Air 13.3 inch is well known for its ultra thin exterior and professional look.  The difference between a laptop and a desktop is that a laptop's purpose is to be adequate  for people on the go. A college student would greatly fall under this category. The Macbook Air 13.3 inches, as in the name is 13 inches in screen, weighs about 2.38 pounds and is .68 inches thin. Compared to other devices this laptop is very easy and accessible to carry around. As a student books and heavy backpacks are enough of the weight, having a light backpack is always a pro.  Having the top of the line, best quality isn't always easy. As everything, this laptop has its cons. A Macbook can range from $999-$1299. Even though the price is eerie and can scare customers off there is reasoning behind the price. The Macbook Air includes a one year warranty that can cover anything that goes wrong with the computer. For example, if a speaker stops working you have the chance of getting a whole new laptop. Another reason for the high price is that its made by a worldwide known company: Apple inc.Lastly,the Macbook Air will be a one time money's worth purchase due to how durable the laptops tend to be due to the aluminum body design.  An enduring and  dependable laptop has to have many characteristics and programs to do its job completely. Due to the lifestyle of a college student,the expectations of a laptop can be very high. Even though the price can expand a student's' budget the purchase can be worth carrying out if the pros of the computer are noticed. The Macbook Air 13.3 inch is a reliable laptop that every college student should consider buying