The title may seem confusing, but after extensive research on these atom based convertible laptops, I'm pretty sick of the "professional reviews" comparing this product to an ultrabook or i-core machine.What this machine IS NOT:1. An ultrabook or i-core machine2. The surface pro3. A gaming machine4. A video editing/audio editing machine5. A powerful laptop/desktop replacementWhat this machine is:1. A lightweight(ish) portable machine2. A tablet running a full version of windows with a laptop keyboard.3. A perfect computer for browsing the internet/watching youtube/online banking/other activities that 99.9% of people do on their computers.I've had this machine for a week and I'm liking it so far. It is perfect for what I need it for (web browsing and video watching). This machine runs media via XBMC with no problems after some adjustments(uncheck hardware acceleration in playback settings and plug in HDMI before starting it up and change sound setting to HDMI TV). I was able to hook up a portable hard drive and use that as the media feeder for XBMC and it had no trouble playing my media. It also runs Spotify just fine. If you need some more power download "Teamviewer" on your main computer and this computer and you can remote in from anywhere! Here are my pros and cons:Pros:- Included the keyboard dock- Two full sized USB ports- Full sized HDMI port- Full sized SD card reader.- Micro SD card slot on the tablet- Portable- Battery life (download "battery care" for accurate percentages/time left)Cons:- SOUND. This one is HUGE (and the main reason why I'm docking a star) The sound is horrible. Google "Digital Power Station" by Bongiovi Acoustics and download that program! It's free for 48 hours, but then it's $20. Totally worth the cost! I went from needing my sound to 80-100 (and still not be loud enough) to 25 being too loud!  I have mine set on "built in"/"movie" all the time (the headphones setting is lacking)- Somewhat heavy for a portable (I know I'm contradicting myself, but I wish it was a little big lighter.)- Tablet is a bit awkward to hold- With the tablet attached, it is top heavy and can tip backwards if the screen is back too far- No HDMI/USB on the tablet portion- Windows 8 is not that intuitive (download "Start 8" to get your start button back in desktop mode)- Not a lot of disk space (it's easy to go a bit download crazy since you can download anything, but you really have to treat it like a tablet in the disk space department).- SD cards are hard to get in/out of the slots without a tool of some sort.Overall, this computer is perfect for my needs and I'm sure many other people's. Think of it as a computer with a tablet form factor and battery life. I know the Intel Haswell chips are just on the horizon and they are promising i-core machines with 10+ hours of battery life. Unfortunately, we don't know how much those machines will cost or if they will have a lot of issues early on. I see myself getting a machine with those chips, but I'll probably wait a year or so until the price comes down/bugs are fixed. Until then, this machine is perfect for my daily needs. 4/5