Apple's latest version of the MacBook Pro combines a sleeker case, more GB of RAM, an SD slot, and longer battery life, all with a lowered price.  The 15"  LED backlit display (available on the previous models as well) is simply gorgeous, with crisp graphics and easy-on-the-eyes clarity.Unlike older models of the MacBook and MacBook Pro, this laptop runs fairly cool, even after hours of using a lot of processor power.  The case, though not as thin as the Air, is slimmer than most (non-Apple) laptops I've seen, with an aluminum case that resists fingerprints better than the old MacBooks.  The keyboard is comfortable, with responsive keys, and is lit from behind with blue light.  The touch pad is a single square, without a visibly separate clicker, although it's there, at the bottom, under the pad, with right and left click functions; navigation using the touch pad and clicker is extremely easy, but most heavy users will want to purchase a separate mouse, as they would with any laptop.The 4 GM RAM is twice what the lower end of the Pros offered previously.  The battery life is now at seven hours.  Naturally, the actual time depends on what you are doing, but the estimate comes pretty close.  The SD slot is a nice touch.  The GEForce NVIDIA integrated graphics has been in the Pros for at least a generation, with generally good reviews, although this newer entry-level Pro no longer has the dedicated graphics chip.  If you want the best Mac graphics, you'll have to purchase one of the more expensive Pros that include the integrated graphics and the NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT chip.  For most people, however, this version is enough.The MacBook Pro comes bundled with the newest iLife Suite, a fantastic set of programs that keep getting better:  iPhoto, iMovie, Garage Band, PhotoBooth, iDVD, etc.  Users of older versions of these programs will be blown away.  This MacBook should come with Snow Leopard, Apple's latest OS X, released in September 2009.  (For more information about Snow Leopard, see Mac OS X version 10.6 Snow Leopard)If you want to occasionally run Windows on this, you'll need to buy a copy of Windows, such as Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition FULL VERSION with SP2 or other version, and a program such as Parallels Desktop 4.0 for Mac or VMware Fusion 2.  Keep in mind that if you plan to run most programs on a Windows platform, you should probably not get a Mac.  Most programs these days will have versions for each platform, but there are exceptions.Students and heavy word-processing/presentation users should consider purchasing Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac Home & Student Edition.The MacBook Pro is a fantastic machine.  The debate between PCs and Macs will continue to rage, even as computers like this Pro win converts.  Consumers who wish a small, budget desktop Mac instead of a laptop should look at the Apple Mac mini MB463LL/A Desktop.NOTE:  This review is for the 15.4 inch MacBook Pro.  Amazon has pooled the reviews for all sizes.  According to another customer, the 17 inch size does not have an SD slot and instead has an Express Card slot.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann