I am an executive and work in a technology company.  Over the years I have owned a number of laptops, most recently the Lenovo X301, which was the best laptop I had/have ever owned.  Recently, I decided to purchase the Sony Vaio Pro, mainly so I could get the Windows 8 experience on a touch screen device.  In purchasing this new laptop I had a number of requirements -- first and foremost that it be light and secondly that it boot quickly (when getting on and off airplanes, in flight, etc., I often don't have much time or the patience to wait for my computer to turn on or off).  Additionally, I wanted a laptop that would adequately perform basic office functions, e.g., word processing, email, etc., and that had a sufficiently high resolution display so that viewing an occasional video would be a pleasure.With these requirements in mind, I purchased the Vaio Pro -- and only after adequately researching all the other options available.  I am pleased to say that now, after having used this laptop for well over a month and under all the use cases which I typically experience (planes, cars, conference rooms, the office, at home, etc.,), the Vaio Pro 13 has exceeded my expectations in meeting all of the above requirements, and it is noticeably lighter than any laptop I have ever owned (the X301 was about 3lbs).  Most surprising, though, is the boot time -- about 2 - 3 seconds.  This combined with the weight make it the perfect executive/office worker machine.As for the negative comments this laptop has received in other reviews (poor Wi-Fi reception and loud fan).  Frankly, I've not had a problem at all.  The Wi-Fi has worked in every situation I have been in; it's speed is fine, etc.  I really don't know what others are complaining about -- as long as you use the latest drivers which can be downloaded from the Sony web site.  The fan does occasionally run, but not often.  Using typically office applications, web browsing and so on, it does not run at all (keep the computer settings on balanced performance).  On the other hand, transcribing pre-recorded text using Dragon NaturallySpeaking, transcribing video or converting audio file formats while having the laptop set in high performance mode -- yes, the fan will run, and in a dead quiet room, you will hear it.  It will be "loud" -- though not any louder than a fan in the back of many other desktop PCs or for that matter nettop PCs often used in home theater settings.  My point, the fan noise (at least to me) is not even a nuisance.Conclusion:  This is a great laptop.  My only complaint.  Scratches show in the carbon fiber.  It doesn't take long for the Sony Vaio Pro to look used.  But then, I'm not worried about that.  Use it is what I want to do, and carry it I must.  The scratches, after all, don't add to the weight or take away from the performance.