Windows 8 is very similar to windows 7 and in my opinion was pretty easy to get used to.Pros:-Extremely fast processor-Very large ram(ability to upgrade)-1080 HD display-Burns and reads disks-Back-lit keyboard-Touch screen-Decent graphics card and battery-Large hard drive-ASUS Smart Gesture(yes, it's awesome)-Stays cool-Large screen-Integrated BluetoothCons:-Bottom of the laptop isn't very flat-Bad resolution camera-Lack of SSDNow for my opinion on the hardware---Processor(Fantastic):The I7 processor is excellent, everything runs quickly and smoothly. I often look at my task manager and my CPU usage is almost always 5% or less, the maximum that I've ever seen it at is about 30% when running larger processes.Ram(Excellent):Only 2 out of 4 slots are filled with 8 GB of ram, and to my understanding this means that the laptop is capable of having 16 GB of ram. Most of the time I'm not even using 4 GB of ram, so it's plenty in my opinion.Graphics card(Good):Capable of running many games that I play with 20+ fps on the lowest detail(and maybe higher). It's definitely not something for hardcore gamers though.Battery(Good):The laptop lasts about 3-4 hours with regular use, and around 1-2 hours when gaming.Camera(Acceptable):It's not the best resolution, but I don't use it very often. There's also a light that shines while using the camera that's annoying(bright but not very powerful).Hard drive(Great):After owning an SSD, I do notice the difference in start-up time(both in applications and boot up), but it's not too bothersome. The boot up and wake are both still relatively fast even with the hard drive. The size is a benefit, with 750 GB I can store anything and everything. The hard drive can be upgraded to an SSD, but it's very expensive.Touch screen(Excellent):It's very responsive and I haven't had any hardware issues with it(minor software issues resolved with the internet). The 1080 HD display is harder to come by in a touch screen laptop, and it makes this laptop all the better.Keyboard and touchpad(Great):It's a back-lit keyboard that comes with 3 settings, so it's very useful in darker areas. ASUS Smart Gesture makes the touchpad much easier to use; however, I wish that the right and left mouse buttons wouldn't have been part of the touch pad(I've learned to accept it, kind of). ASUS Smart Gesture doesn't work sometimes(not very often, it probably happens twice every 30 days), in which case I have to put the computer back to sleep and wake it up again to get it working.The bottom(Not so great):It won't sit flat on someone's lap, and sometimes it can be uncomfortable(Not terribly but it's definitely noticeable). It does sit well on desks though.Disk Tray(Fantastic):It can burn and read disks.Speakers(Good):They have decent quality sound. Sometimes I want to turn up the volume past maximum volume because it's not loud enough, but they're smaller speakers. Also, they play out of the bottom of the laptop. Yes it's odd, but they'd be just about as loud if they were on the front(obviously it will be muffled on a couch, but it's fine on any flat surface).Fan(Great):The fan always keeps the laptop cool, gaming being the exception. On occasion, the center of the laptop can get noticeably warm.