Nice little laptop with a fairly peppy CPU.  This should be an adequate laptop for the average user, with the exception of anyone who would want a CD/DVD drive.  If you only intermittently use DVD's or CD's, you might consider buying an external USB DVD drive (read only drives start at about $25-30).  Omitting the optical drive slims down the unit considerably.  It has 2 USB 2.0 ports and 1 USB 3.0 (useful if you have ultra-fast flash drives for transferring data).  For video output it has 1 hdmi and 1 vga port.  It also comes with an SD card slot (I think this may be a "universal" slot for multiple types, but I don't want to say for certain).  As already stated by several people, this has a very mediocre keyboard, especially the spacebar.  Take a look at the fix that user Harley has posted with my comment on how to disassemble/reassemble the spacebar with a shim to fix the problem fairly easily.  If you aren't very mechanical or have problems handling tiny parts, you might want to get someone to do this for you.  Battery life appears to be something around 4 hours or less, which while not great is also not bad either, just average.  There is NO removable battery as far as I can tell, so don't count on swapping out the battery when you run low.  If you are an inveterate road-warrior this might be a consideration.  Other than the Windows 8 (which I don't like much), which is hardly the fault of the machine, everything runs fine.  One last issue.  There is a very large trackpad which tends to be an unintentional palm-reader, i.e. the flat of your hand can sometimes call up commands unintentionally.  While I've seen this issue with other laptops, this one is especially vulnerable to this fault, so don't be too surprised when the screen suddenly changes on you while you're typing.  Just be aware of your hand position and don't rest it on the flat area in front of the keys.  Yes, I know this is annoying, but it's not a game changer.One thing you might want to change right out of the box.  The default setting for Windows Update is "automatic".  You should immediately change it to "...choose updates to install".  What will happen if you don't is that it starts to download 360MB of updates when it first connects to the internet.  Many people are complaining of "lock ups", which in all likelihood is Windows update consuming all the download speed (your browser will take forever to load a page while this is happening).  Your best bet is to wait until you have a reasonably fast connection before manually going to Windows Update and selecting all the updates it is requesting to download.  Then be prepared to walk away and have dinner while it downloads updates (assuming you have a 2MBit/sec connection like I do).  You may have to reboot at least once to complete.  Once you get past this the network performance will rise dramatically and pages will load as normal.  This is a bit of a gotcha if you don't know what's happening.  ASUS should either have the latest updates pre-loaded before they ship, or give a warning so you have a chance to download when it is convenient, rather than starting out with a giant lump-o-data download, which makes their laptop seem like a lemon (when it in fact is quite fast).