I picked this out for my sister a few months ago when it was $400. And for $400-450 its definitely a very solid choice. (when getting to $500 you may be able to find A8 cpus, and possibly 2nd generation A8s)It exceeds all expectations, and was first chance testing out the AMD A-series and that too also exceeded my expectations, and is quite an amazing cpu.Ok the laptop.it has a nice look to it, and the keyboard/trackpad have a nice feel to them. It runs very cool (runs under 50C at 100% load while undervolted, and stock thermal compound), the speakers are pretty good for built in laptop ones. It also has great battery life (can easily get 5hrs of normal net browsing on max battery life settings that are tweaked a bit, and lower brightness and undervolted to the max).The laptop is on the thick side, but its ok.I used a generic windows 7 disc to completely wipe the laptop, and all the bloatware and toshiba setting which should always be done on a new or used laptop. It really increases performance. (ofcourse you need to get network drivers from the toshiba site beforehand).Did that, did all the updates, runs great.The laptop comes with 2 2GB ddr3 1333 sticks of rm in dual channel (the ram is very important for integrated graphics. So using 1333 over 1066 does help the graphic performance alittle bit, but running in dual channel is a MUST for it, as it almost doubles the fps).Has 640GB 5400rpm hdd. nothing special. 5400rpm drives always suck and are slow. Though they are pretty standard in laptops. Recommend upgrading to a 7200rpm.The really nice thing about the AMD A-series is that they have fully unlocked multipliers, making them overclock able (the only laptop cpus to be overclocked!). Now you really need to know what you are doing, it is NOT recommended to do this! You will cause irreversable damage to your laptop if done incorrectly.[...] is what you can use to either overclock or undervolt.Undervolting is the process of lower the voltage to the cpu, which will increase battery life and lowers temps! there is little you can do to cause damage with undervolting, so its definitely something to do. If you go too low, you will blue screen, and just restart and tht means you cant go that low, and back up a step in voltage. Each cpu is different, so there is no default value for stable voltages. So its almost impossible you will use the same settings as me.Also im sure people will ignore my warning and overclock anyway, but be warned WHEN you do, do NOT raise voltage over stock... dont even use stock voltage. You should be using lower then stock voltage.You NEED to get a decent notebook cooler. I have voltage quite a few notches below stock, and OC 4 cores to 2.4ghz and while 100% and gaming (so the gpu on the chip is also under load), it gets between 65-75C with a notebook cooler. This is also with stock thermal compound, which replacing it can really help if you OC. Also just disable the turbo core or w/e.overclocked this cpu beats out the sandy bridge core i3s. and people have been known to get them to 2.8-3.0ghz which matches an i5 sandy bridge. BUT i really dont recommend you even try to do anything like this...Anyway the graphics 6520G (with dual channel ddr3 1333) can play any game there is on low settings at 1366x768 resolution with ease at 30+ fps. I actually got skyrim to hit over 30fps on med settings with cpu at 2.4ghz, tho some parts can still get laggy.But ya, great budget laptop to be able to play games on. and this laptop in particular is really great all around.I had no problems with bios that came with this laptop i got, and you people are crazy... you act like ALL hardware is 100% working all the time out of the factory.... ofcourse any brand, any hardware, anything is bound to have problems, and thats the point of bios updates. You act like download the bios update, putting it on a cd or usb drive, and booting from the cd/usb drive is SUCH a hard chore... give me a break...Most all problems people have with any computer, stems from user ignorance, not the manufacturer. And any manufacturer problems are usually fixed in bios updates and driver updates.