I really love this slim and nice feeling little lap top. It has quick start up, and I really like that! It seemed like a luxury at first, but now that I'm used to it, i couldn't live without it.  It is a true time saver.The laptop itself is slim and light, only one inch thick, only 4.9 lbs.,and quite pretty: a very light shade of gray, almost white. A very classy look, according to my 17 year old daughter. I also actually enjoy the keyboard. Our old laptop is about three years old, and it doesn't feel anywhere as smooth or nice as this one. Even the keyboard feels clunky, where the Vaio has a lovely streamlined look and feel.I am slowly learning to tolerate Windows 8.1.  I know we'll all learn, but it is an experience. This particular model of the Fit laptop does NOT have a touch screen, but we do have a Vaio that does, and it is definitely easier to navigate throughout Windows 8.1 with the touch screen, but that still doesn't mean I really like it. I also greatly dislike the Hotmail app. SO annoying.As far as speed and storage on this unit, it is very good. It comes with a really nice Adobe Photoshop (Elements 12). My daughter has used it several times, and she felt really comfortable on it, and on this laptop. The screen is super clear HD and provides a lush, beautiful picture, and just the right size for a laptop. I certainly wouldn't want anything any bigger than this 14 inch laptop.I hope they start to include it in every model.  Perhaps it would be affect the battery life in this might?This particular model of the Fit does also NOT come with a back lit keyboard, which was a huge disappointment to us. That seemed like a really good feature that someone decided was too expensive for this particular model.I really love the touch pad, very responsive, most of the time, and everything is quite easy to adjust to your specific likes.I have yet to use some of the features, like the movie and music ones, from Sony, but the sound is quite good on this laptop, although I'd still use speakers to stream any amount of music.This laptop seems flexible and useful in so many ways.It has several different ports, and you can easily use it to charge your phone, even when the laptop itself is sleeping! Clever idea, great for emergencies. And of course, you can play cds and dvds in it, and burn them as well.This laptop has lots of storage space (500 GB hard drive)!  And a fast processor, the i3.  Bluetooth interface and a nice software package are included: With Sony Movie Studio Platinum, ACID Music Studio, Sound Forge Audio Studio, DVD Architect Studio, Adobe Photoshop Elements 12 and more. Includes 1-month trial of Microsoft Office 365.Another wonderful feature of the new Sony Vao computers (we have two) is the new ASSIST button. This button can be used to help you when something goes wrong with your computer, and even when it doesn't turn on correctly, it will rescue you!  It is also useful for regular maintenance. Very futuristic, the machine that repairs itself!I'm really happy with this Sony. The first computer we ever had was a Sony Vaio, back in the late 1990s. It was a premium product, and I feel like the company has managed to maintain that premium feel. I have always owned Sony products: I love Sony Walkman as a teen, and I've had several Sony digital cameras, as well, we love the Carl Zeiss lenses! So this pretty little laptop is a lovely addition to our family. )