I had a Asus VivoTab RT but my frustration with Windows RT finally convinced me to return it. It was a really nice tablet, but I definitely needed full Windows 8. I also have a HP Pavillion dv7 laptop and it is pretty much the exact opposite of these new Windows 8 tablets: it's heavy (6 lbs), it's loud, the battery life is terrible (from 100% to practically 0% in only 2 hours) but it has a core i7 processor. I was interested in the Envy x2 for quite sometime and bought it on eBay because Amazon did not sell it at the time. Finally got it and WOW I am totally impressed with everything!Screen: Just like the ASUS VivoTab RT TF600T-B1-GR 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Gray)it is an IPS display and the crispness is just terrific! Compared to my HP pavilion dv7 laptop, which I bought for $750, the Envy x2 just blows it out of the water, period. Vivid colors, sharp display, all around great. I have a little minor complaint though: the dummy micro SD card that is inside the tablet is extremely difficult to put back in without breaking your nails, so I have just left it out since I don't really need that anyways.Keyboard: I have not encountered the keyboard issue yet (though it has a fix via a BIOS update, check HP's website) since the keyboard is small enough that I usually don't type too fast. However, I am really glad I considered an 11.6 inch size, because the Asus VivoTab's keyboard was just CRAMPED! I had to curl my fingers and still had to look at the keyboard to know what I was doing! Not the case for the Envy x2, as I am typing this and have had no issues with it. If you are a typist, go with an 11.6 inch size because a 10 inch is just too cramped. HP really wants to emphasize using this as a laptop, as this is not sold separately which to me is a good thing. It does have all of the essential ports: 2 x USB 2.0, Full size HDMI, headphone jack, full size SD card slot. The tablet only has a microSD slot and a headphone jack for ports.Responsiveness: Here's what I usually do on this tablet: Read websites, stream HD videos (Crunchyroll), RemoteJoy (projecting my PSP's screen onto the tablet, since my PSP's screen is cracked big time) and using online educational tools such as MyMathLab. All of these work responsibly well with the Envy x2, and I have yet to encounter anything major such as a crash or BSoD. Everything from swiping back in Metro IE 10 to go back a page, to streaming full 1080p video and using Flash-heavy websites, the Envy x2 does without a problem. In fact, I wonder why I even bought a $750 Core i7 laptop, when this little guy for about $200 less does it just as well and doesn't run out of juice in less than 2 hours!Battery life: I have been using it for two hours now, on 40% brightness (the brightness levels are in intervals of 10%) with Bluetooth and NFC off and it's still 85% battery! By this time on my dv7 laptop, it would likely be around 20%!Minor issues:Using headphones connected to the dock, the sound is a lot less loud then if I were to plug them in directly to the tablet itself. Not a major issue, but something to note. Actually, now it starts to make a loud popping sound when I watch YouTube videos which actually hurts a little bit. Could be my headphones, but for now I will use the tablet's speakers for laptop mode.The Wi-Fi is at 2-3 bars, but strangely everything still loads quite fast. Apparently lots of people have issues with the Wi-Fi, but I am using one of my ISP's slowest internet plans, so I guess it doesn't really affect me.Overall, I am absolutely in love with the Envy. The tablet itself at least to me doesn't have any plastic, though I think the keyboard does but everything about the Envy x2 is so sleek and professional looking! If you are in the market for a tablet with a keyboard dock with full Windows 8 experience, you got to give the Envy x2 a try.