I have used the macbook and ipads, both mini and full size, prior to this.  I have been very happy with those.  This is my first mac air and i just love it. i watched my sister use hers when i was visiting her a year ago and i was quite taken with it. i am 65 years old and have a number of health problems which this mac air aides as well so if you are a senior this may be an ideal machine for you. the major features for me are as follows:--the light weight.  this is lighter than my ipad, both mini and full size! it is the most portable laptop i have ever used. this is especially perfect for hauling around to hospitals, testing sites and medical offices.  you can even use it to pull up info you might need in a consult. it is also perfect for the sofa, bed, or beach chair.-- I have osteoarthritis and this unit puts NO stress on any part of my body.--the long, long battery life.  this is the first laptop i have ever used which i can use for hours on end without worrying about plugging it in to stop the battery from draining.--i am very sensitive to heat and can't stand the level of heat all other laptops put out.  this laptop is cool and remains cool.  this is simply wonderful.  this sensitivity to heat was even worse when i went through chemo.  if you are a cancer patient, you do not want a laptop which puts out heat onto your lap. You would also have no problem using this while in chemo treatment.--the speed.  i have never had a laptop which performs at this speed.  it makes my macbook seem like a snail. i did pay extra for the absolute top level of RAM and gigahurtz so that helps as well.  they were not expensive upgrades. multitasking is a dream on the mac air. no program displays the annoying not working sign (which means you need to close programs).  if you want a lot of programs open, this is the machine for that.--i have hearing and visual problems. the sound and viewing area on this mac air completely meets my losses.  i watched a movie on it the other night and it was perfect.i switched to macs from pcs in 2006.  i became quite adept on pcs but i got tired of fixing them.  macs by comparison almost never need repair. i've only ever had one mac crash and that was my first one in 2006 which apple fixed in a day. i, of course, had to put all my data back in which is a pain.  but it has never happened again on any apple hardware i've bought.  so reliability and durability is second to none.i did buy directly from apple online.  i did find it very easy to build the machine i wanted going through apple.  i don't see any monetary savings going through amazon instead or if there is, it must be nominal.although i have stressed the senior benefits, i have two nephews in their 20s and i think they would adore this machine as well.