I'm in IT, so I like to explore different options for my clients.  With the end of support for XP I have a lot of companies who are looking at their options for their aging desktop replacements.  Linux is often mentioned as a replacement for MS products, but the market is fractured and no one distro seems to have risen to the top, so Apple and Google seem to be the only viable options for most mainstream users.  With new Windows based computers averaging over $700 per unit plus new software it's not an insignificant decision if you have to replace, say, 10 of your computers.I'm finding that more and more people use their computers primarily online anyway, so the "limitation" that Microsoft rails against in the "Scroogled" ads isn't particularly valid for many users; of course you can turn on "Offline" on your Google Drive and work on documents and email when your not connected.  With 100GB of Google Drive space for free for two years storage capacity isn't a problem for most people.  Photos can be placed on Google+ without eating into this 100GB limitation so that helps.The computer is very fast doing most things, depending on your wireless connection.  It boots almost instantly, opens local apps like the file explorer and video player instantly, and is light and seemingly sturdy; at least it feels sturdy in spite of the plastic case.  The battery life is quite good at about 8 hours of use and it charges remarkably fast.  The screen is OK, nothing amazing, but quite readable.  With the HDMI out you can easily plug it into a large monitor or TV.  It quickly recognizes the second display and you can easily use that additional display as a mirror or as an extended display.  This is not a gaming computer, but for HD video playback it is excellent when viewed on a large display.  Movie viewing on the internal display is quite acceptable as well, although the internal speakers are not very loud and the 11" screen needs to be held pretty close to your eyes, but not much closer than a small desktop monitor.  Headphones overcome the sound problem if you want to use them.  It's own internal display has good viewing angles from side to side, but is quite sensitive to the horizontal tilt.  However the hinge is stiff enough that the display will stay wherever you place it, so I don't find this a huge drawback, but it could be better.  The keyboard is acceptable given it's size and I don't really miss the lack of the function keys, or you can plug in an external keyboard and mouse.  The internal storage is fairly limited but a 16GB USB flash drive like the SanDisk Cruzer Fit fixes this for very little money.So much for the physical part; how is it to use for work?  Well, pretty good, actually.  The cloud is incredibly convenient for those on the move, assuming you can find a wireless connection, which is more and more common, but most will use the Chromebook in their houses and/or offices.  The range and sophistication of apps is increasing at an incredible rate.  Many desktop functions like QuickBooks, AutoCAD, and office suites are now apps.  That's the good news, the bad news is that many of these apps are still not as sophisticated and feature rich as their desktop counterparts.  QuickBooks, for instance, doesn't let you customize your invoices nearly as much as the desktop version.  The biggest use for computers in the business world is, of course, office suites and Google Docs does a pretty good job, but still lacks many of the features of  desktop office suites.  For instance Excel or  OpenOffice Calc will let you format cells so the text can be angled, but Docs lacks that feature.  That said, Microsoft's own Office Online also lacks this feature along with other limitations.  However, the ability to work collaboratively from anywhere is great and if you work a Google Sheet or whatever, you can later use OpenOffice, LibreOffice or other software to tweak it later.So, is the Chromebook or a Chromebox at full fledged replacement for your aging XP?  No, not quite if you require a feature rich software package(s), but it's pretty close.  I have clients with perfectly good XP machines and they plan on using those machines until the computer fails, but they also realize that as of the 8th of April they will have to unplug those machine from their network and the Internet after moving much of their data to Drive and also backing up locally.  However their investment in the computer, in MS Office 2003, and in other software will continue to be useful as an adjunct to their Chromebooks.For under $250 this is an amazing little computer that will do most of what many people need.  Cloud computing is still in its infancy and as the power of apps increases so will the functionality of this type of computer.  One of the best parts is that you don't need a guy like me to fix your computer anymore; no more viruses, no more software updates, no more backing up your computer; it's all done by the pros, mostly at Google, so it's transparent to the end user.  Some folks worry about the security of their data, but I think that the whole business model of Google depends on them protecting your data so they invest millions into backing up the data and keeping it secure.  How much did you spend on the same functions over the last 5 years?  Less, I'll wager.Bottom line; if you're tempted, I say go for it, I doubt you'll be disappointed and will probably be amazed.  This is not the only Chrome device out there; I also recommend that you look at the Toshiba Chromebook with its larger screen or the ASUS Chromebox which should be out in March.