I have been using laptops for close to 20 years.  This is actually the most powerful and the least expensive laptop I have owned.  The interesting thing that this machine has is the "express gate" boot up.  If you don't read the intro instructions you might miss that it has 2 "on" buttons. One on the right and one the left.  The left side on button boots up a linux based operating system in about 15 seconds.  It really basic and only offers a web browser, a music and photo program.  This fast boot is great for just checking your email or surfing the web.  Since it is linux based and separate from your windows 7 operating system, it's like a MAC, viruses or spyware has no effect.  What a concept.  Actually, in that web browser, other than saving passwords and bookmarks, it does not let you saving anything or download anything to the harddrive.  You can save it to a memory stick if you want to save attachments or a download.I have also partitioned the 500 gig harddrive to set up a third operating system for my linux ubuntu.  But that is another story.  The windows 7 operating system works great and very stable.The major things I like about the ul30a are:  1. Prefect size of keyboard.  2. Great screen  3. Super fast  4. Super large harddrive  5. My estimate of battery life is around 6-7 hours.  I have never run it down to zero. But I don't think i will get the 10 to 12 hours Asus advertises.  One of the differences between the ul30a-x5 and the ul30a-x2 is the x5 has a 6 cell battery and the x2 has a 8 cell battery.  (also the x2 is silver and has a 2 year replacement warranty.  The x5 has a 1 year warranty)  6. Asus ExpressGate fastboot.  When you want to turn it off, you don't even have to go thur shutdown.  Just close the screen and next time you turn on the expressgate, it is a totally fresh startup,  ie it doesn't waste energy in hibernation or sleep. because it don't save anything.  7. I have not had any problems with the wifi reception.  It has in fact been very strong.  8. Great builtin speakers and great sound.Things I don't like about the ul30a:  1. When i am in expressgate or ubuntu, the cursor jumps around while i am typing.  I don't notice this in windows 7.  (is anyone else having this problem?)  2. It could be a little lighter.  (I wish i could have compared it to the ul20a.  The ul20a is lighter but a little smaller with only a 250 gig harddrive and 2 gigs ram instead of 4 gigs. Has anyone out there used the 20a and the 30a?)  3. The webcam shows an upside down picture of me in ubuntu.I did have a problem with my first UL30A.  The switch in the hindge the causes the laptop to go into sleep or hibernation mode was faulty and the laptop went into sleep mode when the screen was moved.  Amazon to their credit was very good and sent me a replacement within 5 days.  And this was just before Xmas.Update March 13, 2012It ran fine for 2 years.  Then one day it died.  I hit sleep and it never woke up.  I sent it to Asus.  They said i needed a new motherboard and LAN but I declined the repair because it was $460 for parts and $65 for labour.  They did not charge me for the service and returned the computer for free.  I think that it is just a loose connection on the motherboard because the laptop is now working fine as long i remove one of the 2 gig ram chips.  If anyone has any ideas that would be helpful.  I still love this computer but I reduced the rating by one star to 4 because of the problem.