Firstly, I had not encountered any of the problems that were mentioned for the people who gave it one star - i think it really may be just bad luck for them and they should really get it exchanged.Overall this is a great laptop in terms of:speed: boot time is unbelievable; matlab runs super fastfunctionality: the heaviest task I do is probably matlab, and that works perfectly. When I first got it I had some problems with the trackpad (as in it wouldn't respond to any gestures after resume from sleep mode) but this was fixed by an update from the asus site. I know the 128G is a concern for some people (especially since it only comes with around 50-60G of free space after you install the essentials) but I've loaded my music/files/programs etc. on there and it's more than enough. Plus its USB 3.0 ports means you could just buy a larger external or USB and it'll be just as fast.size: although the 11.6 inch screen needs getting used to at first, the amazing resolution really makes up for the screen size. That being said, it probably wouldn't work for you if you were long sighted... Also, they keyboard is very well-spaced for a 11.6 inch computer. The only flaw would be the small-ish arrow keys.) The weight of it is a huge plus since I carry it around a lot and it feels no heavier than my notebook (that being said it is a tad heavy for a tablet)screen: absolutely amazing. The inner screen is matte and looks incredible in all situations. So far the brightness has been fine in all situations (make sure you turn auto-brightness off to achieve max brightness)keyboard/trackpad: both work perfectly, although the trackpad takes getting used to since it's super-sensitive. I've had no problems with size of keyboard/any unresponsiveness.speakers: probably the best speakers I've seen on a computer.dual screen mode: it's excellent for comparing homework/ showing others your work without having to spin your computer around the whole time.tablet mode: pen input/response is great, even without calibration. If you wanted to play around on it with your fingers however, it might be a little finicky since the resolution is so high most of the time you won't hit what you want exactly. I use the tablet mode to take notes in class on powerpoints and slides (saves a lot on paper; plus you don't lose your notes) and it works great. It's still not AS precise as you may like it to be but all in all my writing is legible and gets the job done.The only con I really had was the battery life: I can squeeze out~4.5 hours if i set brightness to super low and do nothing but take notes. However, usually it lasts for about 3~4 which is fine between classes. Plus, the charger is super portable and light so it's really not a problem to carry around.  (Also people mentioned this before but the outer screen is a total fingerprint magnet). I did notice that in tablet mode my wrist kept hitting the windows button and making it go to the windows8 start-up screen.Overall there's nothing to not like about this computer and I would definitely recommend it if you're going to be carrying a computer around.