Update sep-24-2012:  Adding one more star for fixes.Some of the issues I originally had have not manifested for many months now.  Specifically I have not had any lockups on keyboard or mouse or mousepad.  Indeed I was able to have my people turn off the mouse pad (at least partially anyway) so it no longer interferes with my typing and editing of code.  I know my company has been downloading updates furiously over this time period.  I can only guess that some of these updates have fixed the issues I no longer have.  I still cannot get the sound to work correctly to mute the onboard mic but it does now appear to recognize when a headset or phones have been plugged in or removed and set its internal control settings properly which is an improvement.So overall, things are getting better.  That to me means +1 since this seems to be a product with some support over time.  A good thing if you are using it for businesss work.  Again good job HP.  What a surprise from a company that at one point had said it was remping down its participation in the laptop market.Update jan-20-2012:  Adding one star for durabilityI just dropped it.  More precisely as I walked away from my desk, my foot caught on a cord and pulled the laptop off my desk and onto a hard wooden floor.  This is a four foot drop.  The thing was on its face open; but the thump when it hit the floor was somwhat muted (although what do I know, this was the first time I ever dropped a laptop).  Knowing what I have seen from other people's laptops when they have dropped them I expected cracked screen or dead laptop, or non-functional keyboard and the like.BUT NOPE.  this thing is acting like nothing happened.  Sceen is fine, keyboard is fine, mouse is fine.  I will be checking all components thoughout the day as I use them but so far all is well.  This impresses me greatly.  I guess they really did harden this version of the laptop.  For this reason, this laptop would be good for those who are prone to bumping and dropping (students) and so I up the rating one star.  Good job on the hardening HP.-----------------------------------------------------------------Original Post:  Disappointment for three straight monthsI got the 8460p as part of an upgrade process at work where we upgraded all laptops over a certain age.  So far I have had nothing but trouble and see little of value.  Here are my complaints.1) I5 speed, not... it is slower than the laptop it is replacing.2) I5 multi-tasking.  Nope, not seeing that either.  Example: apps are slow to launch and you can't do anything till they finish launching.3) keyboard, most keys are fine for typing, but some dummy designer decided it was a good idea to put a special function key on the lower rung getting it to fit by making the up/down arrow keys be half size.  Not very good for someone who writes computer code and thus does some heavy text editing.4) keyboard.  Once a week this keyboard completely locks up.  The only solution is to turn off the computer and then turn it back on.5) mouse pad, like most mouse pads stink.  This one continuously interfers with editing causing the mouse to jump to unknown places in a document.6) audio.  The sound system has multiple problems.  It sometimes goes out just like the keyboard with the same solution of off/on (not restart, actual off/on).  Also, the audio won't keep its settings for my mic.  It keeps reverting back to the onboard mic forcing me to continuously have to reset the audio to use my headset mic.  This is a real bother for us remote workers who rely on teleconferencing to attend meetings.7) Screen.  The screen is very hash on the eyes.  No amount of fiddling with screen settings has helped either.If I had my choice, I'd ask for my old laptop back.  Too bad, I was looking forward to a faster more versatile machine.  Guess I'll have to keep calling the help desk till they get tired of me.  I wonder who decided on this machine for a corporate standard and why?  I am told by my buddies in tech support that I am not the only one with problems.Hail Flavius!