July-2012 Update:-----------------I have now owned this laptop for almost 2 years.  As the PC industry marches on with more faster, 3rd gen Intel CPUs, cheaper and cheaper prices, I still do not find many laptops that makes me want to move away from my Asus UL30VT.Aside from its weight (can't match the ultrabook's lightness these days), this thing is just so well designed.  the keyboards are big, comfortable to type.  Still loving the ability to switch b/t Nvidia's built-in video GPU or Intel's embedded video on via a simple press of the button, but the best feature is the trackpad still.I mentioned in my original review the trackpad as-is needed some workaround, as it is too course and sensitive.  I bought a Nintendo DSi screen protector Nintendo DSi XL Screen Protective Filter, and simply pasted that film overlay on top of the touchpad and it has worked like magic ever since.  two taps = right click, scrolling websites up and down with 2 fingers, etc...  so sweet.  btw I have used that approach to protect my digital camera's LCD screen as well.In conclusion this is a great laptop and i'm definitely getting my money/bang-for the buck out of it, 2 years running now.only wishlist was indeed they had back-lit keyboard!!good job Asus.  It's no wonder your marketshare continues to grow in the PC market when everyone else's are plummeting/trading places.  Your engineering know-how and consumer insights shows and the results speaks for itself.  Keep up the great work.August-2010 initial review:--------------------------I work in the PC Industry and have personally witnessed Asus' hyper growth the last few years.  This is my first Asus laptop, to replace an ultraportable Dell D430.  I was blown away by the amount of *unique* engineering features Asus' engineers put into this machine.The ExpressGate feature is awesome - one button powers up non-Windows OS and I can browse the web/look at pictures.  When in the Windows environment, shortcut keys makes switching batteries modes easy, including the Nvidia dedicated chip switch on/off to the lower power-hungry system video chip.  This is a fast system, I didn't have to do any annoying uninstalls and it is humming along.  It is not bloaded like other new typical PCs and worth the ~700 street price.  I havent mailed in my warranty card yet but Asus is supposed to provide extra warranty after I do that, so I'm protected by 2 years total.  Which is great.Cons:  The touchpad is poor.  It is a multitouch pad, but the surface needs improvement to allow gliding of the fingers better.  The surface is studded with tiny bumps, and it is virtually impossible to use it without some sort of overcoat/skin as such, you should leave the default sticker film on the touchpad.  I bought the Nintendo DSi XL Screen Protective Filter, and applied the film protector used for the DSi's touchpad on the touchpad for this PC, and it is smooth and working like a charm.Also, the weight is not heavy, but it is NOT a ultra-portable.  I've been spoiled by my Lenovo X300/X200 weights.In the end, well done Asus.  Highly recommended.  If you are looking for a ready-to-go, powerful laptop in a retail setting (i.e. you dont want to wait for 2-3 weeks for a custom built one), then this is one of the top choices on Amazon!