I've used both the black 13" MacBook and now have the 17" MacBook Pro. I'll list the pros and cons of the 17" Pro.Pros1. ENORMOUS SCREEN - I literally have two desktop computers at home that have smaller screens!2. Built in iSight - Convenient3. MagSafe Connector - innovative, especially around clumsy people and children4. Duo core processor - The power doesn't show up unless you're doing intensive graphics work or programming5. Keys that light up in the dark - Even though I can type without looking at the keys, it's great when you're on the train and can find the function key6. Bluetooth - for obvious reasons7. Firewire 800 - for obvious reasonsCons1. Probably the biggest is the surprising amount of defects and poor customer support for their products. I get my computers from my job and we got them as soon as they were available. That might have been a mistake, as we ran into a number of defects, including the infamous mac shutdown problem. Just do a search for "random mac shutdown" on google to see he horror. Someone even filmed their problem and showed it on youtube. I won't go through the other defects other than to say I wouldn't DREAM of getting a MacBook/Pro without getting an extended warranty. As others have also mentioned, the turn around time for them to fix your product is VERY slow, and we should have preferntial treatment with them, considering we do work for them (won't go into further details on that). Ultimately, if Apple realizes they've put out a defective product, the solution (especially on a $3000 laptop) would be to send out the white macbook as a loaner while they waited for parts to arrive.2. Probably not the most conducive for the train. I got this laptop simply because I had the option to. If you travel a lot, you'd probably be better off with a 13" MacBook as opposed to this. If you're on a plane or train, you'll quickly realize just how big this laptop is. However, since there's no way to make a 17" also small at the same time, just note what I'm saying. Sometimes it's great that the screen is so huge. Sometimes it's slightly inconvenient.4. The placement of the keys. This might also be due to the large size, but there is a lot of space between the keyboard and the mouse area. I initally found my wrists resting on this area and it was starting to cause me pain. I therefore now have to type with my wrists slightly elevated to avoid resting my hands on an area that simply would not be there on a smaller laptop. The only solution to this problem would be to move the keyboard forward.As a final note, unless you're doing extensive graphics work, my opinion is that you'll get more bang for the buck by getting the black 13" MacBook. The speed difference between the Pro and the MacBook is 0.16 MHz, basically negligible. In my case, I hook up the laptop to a 23" screen at work, so only when I'm on the road is the size of the screen even an issue anyway. And again, if you're not doing extensive graphics work, I'd say it's not worth it. For half the price, you can get more bang for the buck.