This was my first Mac, and I bought it in hopes to step my web design game up. After learning from many who use macs, and the software that's offered, I caught a real bad case of the Joneses and purchased one of these bad boys that I had never gave much thought to in the past. I was so convinced I would love it, I bought 8 gigs of Crucial ram and a geeky toolkit to install it with (which worked very well). Sadly, I just don't get it. Well, I kind of do, but I did not fall in love with it like planned.PROS:1. Everything, and I mean, everything, looks beautiful. Not just the aesthetics, but every single piece of software looks great. OS X designers are light years ahead of Windows, I am 100% convinced of that.2. The App store is amazing, and full of useful software to help with any task you need to perform, especially with Design. This is the #1 reason I wanted to switch to Mac, because of all the wonderful apps that are available that function AND look amazing.3. The trackpad is bananas. I never used my laptops mousepad, because it sucked. The Mac's mousepad is genius.4. The power cord confused the heck out of me at first, but once I figured it out I was very impressed. And the way it connects by a magnet is the coolest thing I have seen in a long time on a computer.5. Expose, Spaces, and Hot corners are genius. Whoever is responsible for those deserves to retire young and be set for life.Cons:I can safely say that most of these cons are opinion and preference based. So please don't take offense if you don't agree.1. Price. I am not fully convinced the high cost is worth it.2. Performance. The performance was fine, but it didn't blow me away like some people who I talked to tried to convince me it would :) Boot up was pretty slow, a lot slower than my 3 year old Vaio running Windows 8. In fact, they pretty much run at the same speeds. But the Mac is a little faster than my Vaio when it is running Windows 7.3. Display. The glossy screen ruined it for me. As I mentioned, I do design work, so any time I try and make something with a Dark background, the screen literally turns into a mirror. I couldn't believe it, and would not recommend a glossy screen to anyone who is going to be working on dark backgrounds, or under any kind of bright lighting. Even in lower lighting, I could still see myself more than I wanted to.4. Only 2 usb ports...seems kind of...limited.5. The dock and global menu are horrible compared to the rest of the features of OS X.Unfortunately, I am returning this. I do give it 4 stars though because it truly is a great computer, but at the same time, currently, not the computer for me. One of these days I will try again, when I have more money to blow adding a Matte screen with more time to spend learning OS X. I think an iMac looks like a lot of fun.