So, I have been waiting for this to come out and in a nutshell, this is not the best tablet and not the best notebook, but overall has a lot of versatility that really makes up for any shortcomings.To provide perspective, I have used iPad, Android and Windows 8  (first generation Atoms and Surface) so I feel like I can provide good feedback.Overall, as a tablet, the size works well. Many of the first generations were so wide they were a little awkward. This size feels right on. it is easy to hold and not very heavy. One minor complaint is that the speakers are on the back and I feel like the sound might get a little muffled when I hold it. Minor complaint, though.When docked, it is very usable, though the keyboard is cramped. I can certainly get some work done, but I am not breaking any typing speed records with this thing. The trackpad is ok. I heard some complaints about this and at the suggestion of another person, I disabled most of the smart gestures (Asus application) and it seems to work well enough. It is a little small, but does the job. Warning...the button presses are obnoxious...very loud. I think someone accurately described it as sounding like that bubble think in the Trouble board game. It has bluetooth though so if I need to do anything significant I use a wireless mouse.Office is an added bonus. I am in graduate school and I was trying to use Open Office, but I cant stand it. This might work for others, but everyone else I my school group is using Office and I use that at work so the learning curve and minor conversion issues were driving me crazy. The fact that Office was included is awesome.Performance with Bay Trail is also good...better than I expected. The other Atom processors were tolerable I guess, but barely so. This processor is noticeable faster and seems more than adequate for email, browsing, watching video and productivity tasks.Screen...I saw some say brightness wasnt that good, but I find that it is plenty good enough for indoor use.Battery life is great. Close to my iPad...for what you get, that really is awesome. And it has to be, because charging takes A LONG TIME. and I mean it. To be honest, I am thinking it would take days unless this thing is turned off. I am not sure why that is. In order to make sure that this has a full charge it is like I have to shut it down and give it at least 4 hours. Would have rather seen another option that microUSB for that. I can certainly work around it, but it is a little annoying.Windows 8.1...I don't share the same Windows 8 hate that everyone has. There was a little bit of a learning curve, but I appreciate what Microsoft is trying to do. I think that Windows 8.1 is a good improvement over Windows 8.I paid 329.00 for this and I think it is a great deal. As mentioned, I do not think it is really a leader in any single area. With the dock and Office, though, this is a fantastic value.UPDATE...I was using a USB extension cable because the included USB cable is very short. I removed this from the setup and charged just with the included cables and it seems to charge faster, though still slow.