My T100TA-C1-GR came yesterday after 6pm. Having read the reviews both good and bad I knew I needed to let it fully charge. I unpacked the tablet, charger & cord plugged it in but did not turn it on. I meanwhile went to my other computer and went to the ASUS web site. I downloaded all the drivers on their site for this device and stored them on a micro sd card. Once that was done I popped the card into the charging device and didn't touch it again until I woke up in the morning. Then I held my breath and turned the thing on to find out what would happen. It booted up fine though like all initial Windows set ups for a new machine/install it took a bit. I answered all the questions and waited while Windows Update did its' thing. 19 updates later and two reboots later I checked to see if the apps I wanted to run worked the way I liked. Once I was satisfied that everything was working ok I entered the activation code for the Microsoft Home Office & Student 2013 software. I hooked up my Canon all in one printer without any issues. (The computer tablet thing spotted it on my network without any issues) I downloaded Chrome so I wouldn't have to use IE unless I wanted to. The only glitch I have encountered is that when I go to Zynga.com I can't play Farmville 2. I can play CoasterVille but not Farmville 2. I enjoy both games so I'll keep plugging at that issue & update this review if I manage to resolve it! So far (after only a few short hours of fiddling) I really like this little thing! I had an iPad for several years & it never lived up to what I wanted to do with it but then ever since my Dad introduced me to our first IBM PC XT back in 1988 with its 8 megabytes hard drive & 5 inch floppies my favorite thing to do with a PC has always been the word processor. I was never ever able to happily pound away at a word processor on my iPad and easily transfer the resulting files between devices. Pages just lacked too much to be useful & getting a file I was working on on and off the iPad was a nightmare. I love all the cloud storage this device comes with. If this thing conks out on me at a future point I'll definitely let you know but so far its great! I highly recommend to anyone who is comfortable working with Windows software.UPDATE: After doing some digging I've learned that Farmville 2 is hopeless with Windows 8.1. It is a Zynga issue not an issue unique to this device. I can play Coasterville without issue so I will wait for the Zynga fix for Farmville 2.I've managed to drain the battery completely without using it so I will make more of an effort to do the shut down process when I won't be using it for several hours.Overall I still like it.