When the graphics card in my 2 year old XPS M1710 had conked out, I obviously found myself in need of a replacement machine ASAP.I was actually deciding between the following systems:- Toshiba's Qosmio X505-Q887 (priced at only $1499 and coming with a Blu-ray drive seemed like a tempting offer)- Alienware's M11x (it had the look factor and it was "the most powerful 11-inch notebook")- ASUS G73JH-A2 (much more expensive in price than the other 2 models)Toshiba's machine, while coming with a Blu-ray drive was equipped only with a GTS 360M, which I thought might not be enough for gaming at high resolutions. Also it didn't have a full 1080p capable display which I thought was disappointing. On the other hand, the M11x was a bit too expensive for what you're getting. I mean, a 1.2GHz Core 2 Duo was pretty underpowered for my tastes - I had a 2.0GHz C2D in my old XPS. Sure, they eventually offered the Intel Core i-series of processors in the prodcut refresh, but I'd have to wait till July before Dell would start shipping and I needed a laptop fast.That's when I decided to just order the ASUS G73JH. I researched everything before hand - read reviews, checked feedback on message boards, I did my homework before going through with my purchase. And when I finally took delivery of the notebook, I knew I made the right choice.Let's see what you're getting. My particular model, the G73JH-A2 came with the following specs (taken from Amazon's product page):1.6GHz Intel i7-720QM8GB DDR3 RAM1TB (500GB 7200RPM x2) HDDSuper-Multi DVD Drive (the A1 model comes with a Blu-ray drive)802.11 b/g/n wireless adapter17.3-Inch Full HD LED DisplayATI 5870 Graphics with 1G GDDR52 Megapixel WebcamWindows Home Premium 64-bitVGA port x 1, HDMI x 1, USB 2.0 ports x 4 (no 3.0), Card ReaderFirst the cons. While the track pad isn't as bad as some reviews make it to be, the button itself is very stiff. It shouldn't really be a problem as most gamers will be using a mouse (and ASUS bundles one along with a Targus backpack), but it can still be an issue.Another is ASUS's inclusion of a Turbo Boost button - in some cases, it's been known to reduce performance. It seems like ASUS's overclock interferes with Intel's Turbo Boost technology. My advice? Just leave it alone.And what's up with all the bloatware? When Windows 7 started up, I counted almost 20 useless processes running at startup. I ended up getting rid of almost all of them. Some users have also reported lock ups with the bundled Creative software - which also launches at startup by default.With that out of the way, it's time to dive in to what makes this laptop a wise purchase.First off, the back-lit LED screen is beautiful. It's real bright (maybe a bit too bright) and has some good viewing angles. I tried watching some 1080P hi-def movies on this thing and they looked gorgeous with crisp colors and clear images. The inclusion of a full keyboard is pretty nice and keys are situated in good positions. Also for those interested in the looks department, the G73JH actually fares quite well. While it's Stealth Fighter-inspired design won't call attention like an Alienware laptop would, it still looks pretty good. My brother-in-law actually said it look like a big, black tank ready to crush other laptops.With regards to heat and cooling, ASUS put 2 large vents at the back to expel hot air. It works pretty well as far as I can see - the surface of the laptop is pretty cool to the touch even after 2 hours of gaming - with the exception of the right hand side of the keyboard getting warm, but not uncomfortably so. Touching the back though is pretty hot, as that's where the hot air flows out from.Now, most people looking to buying this laptop will have one primary question - how does it do playing games? I'd have to say it pretty much passes with flying colors. Thanks to the pairing of a Core i7 and the HD5870, most current games will run on this thing at 1920x1080 with all or most settings cranked up (the exception being Crysis - which still eats most desktop systems for breakfast). I tested it in 3 games: Batman: Arkham Asylum, Battlefield Bad Company 2 and Modern Warfare 2 - all at 1920x1080.Batman and Modern Warfare 2 ran beautifully with all settings cranked up plus, 2xAA and 8xAF. Bad Company 2 suffered from some minor stuttering here and there with all settings cranked up (except shadows which were at medium). Turning off AA helped smoothen out the framerate, but at 1080P, jaggies are less of an issue so I feel comfortable turning off AA when I need the extra performance boost. This machine will pretty much handle any game you throw at it at high resolutions. Oh, it's pretty fast in Windows apps too.Bottom line I'm extremely happy with my purchase and I won't hesitate to recommend the G73JH to any one looking to buy a gaming laptop that has very good performance but won't break the bank. Sure, there are other faster, more powerful gaming laptops out there, but in my opinion, ASUS justs nails it with a solid combination of great specs and a reasonable price.