I've always been a fan of HP, and the HP Envy 17 line of laptops is a good addition to the family. While not perfect by any means, it delivers in many ways.Aesthetics: 8.5/10This is a good looking PC, I wouldn't say it's better looking than a MacBook Pro, but it's at the top of PCs. The design boasts laser-etched magnesium for the casing, but something is left to be desired. It's very, very plain looking, for better or worse. The etchings are just of dots and little squares, making an illusion of a design. If you aren't paying attention, it's hard to notice. The black keyboard against the silverish casing is very Apple, but it works well together. The entire display has a glossy glass piece over it, and makes the overall look very attractive. But the outward case is very plain and simplistic, it has that modern design to it but it seems like they take it too far.Design: 6/10This is the major pitfall. While the computer is fairly thin and looks good, the aesthetics negatively affects the computer. The HP Envy 17 is a powerhouse, with a great graphics card and processor, but with power comes heat. From what I can tell, there's only one vent on this machine, on the bottom of the upper right section of the keyboard. And that vent gets hot. Very hot. Playing a game or watching HD movies can make the machine incredibly hot to the touch, in the upper right section. And since it's made of metal, the heat makes the metal hot and it travels over almost the entire machine. A laptop cooler is almost a necessity for this beast. Covering the vent for even a minutes results in overheating. And even the glass piece over the display isn't sealed, so dust can easily get in that thing. The keyboard may look like a MacBook keyboard, but it is not spill-proof.Hardware: 9.5/10For a laptop, the power it can give is very good. With an i7 processor and ATI Radeon 5850 graphics, this beast can easily play the most modern of games. It has no trouble playing 1080p movies from a Blu-Ray, etc. It boots up fairly quickly, and even when a lot of processes are running, it never hiccups. But again, when processing a lot of data, it gets super hot. But this computer can handle a lot of processing very quickly. This model includes a Blu-ray player that can also read DVDs, which compliments the 1920x1080 resolution on the 17.3'' screen.Audio: 8/10The built-in speakers are sub-par at best, but with Beats audio and the soundcard it has, diverting sound to a good stereo system or pair of headphones make them sound amazing.Ports: 9/10There are a slew of connectivity ports on the HP Envy 17, which include a VGA, gigabit Ethernet port, HDMI, the elusive miniDisplay port, 3 USB 2.0 ports, a 5-in-1 card reader, headphone and headset jack, and even a USB 3.0 port. I just wish it had a couple more USB 2.0 ports, my old laptop had 5 which I all used. But this machines give you many options.Keyboard and Trackpad: 9/10In my eyes, the keyboard and trackpad are the simple most important things on any laptop. It's how you navigate and input data into the machine all the time, so it needs be good. I love the keyboard, the MacBook design is very nice and makes typing very clear and easy. I have big hands, so having the keys a little spaced out is very good. The trackpad is big, responsive, and feels pretty good but really doesn't deliver on multi-touch gestures. Like using two fingers to scroll down a page barely ever responds. Multi-touch gestures aren't a huge deal to me, but it can be annoying at times. If you rely on multi-touch gestures on your last laptop, don't get this, they just do not work.Overall: 8.5/10For the cost, it gives you some very good hardware and software, but it's far from perfect. If you're looking for a premium 17'' PC, this is a very good choice, just remember the flaws it has and you this can be a great laptop. The HP Envy 17 could easily be one of the best PC laptops out there on the market. Models differ, but the overall design is about the same. You get your money's worth out of this machine.