Got my machine today.  Very nice machine and am not regretting the purchase yet, but it does have issues with the optical BD drive - it would not eject the DVD.  After call to very nice HP Tech support lady, we determined that this machine was purchased from HP last May and just now "resold as new" through Amazon. With proof of my purchase through Amazon, HP is resetting the warranty for me, otherwise I would only have 148 days left.  We also determined that the issue with the drive is not customer fixable and the machine needs to be retunred for repairs.  Annoying on a brand new machine, but, as I have multipe other machines, this presents merely a delay in use and there is no cost to me.  It did bother me though that I might lose the Blue Ray movie that was stuck in there, hey - it was Bourne Legacy, what can I say. So I tried the eject mechanism twice more by slipping a thin envelope into the drive slot and jiggling it around, you know, like they do in the movies when they try to open a door lock with a credit card...  Low and behold, I got my blue ray back... but machine is going back for repair anyway... If it were not for that issue, I would give it a 5 star rating.  I am a loyal HP customer and use 3 different models of their laptops plus a desktop at any given time... This will be our 5th HP machine :-)UPDATE:... the optical drive does not work, specifically, it does not eject the DVD.  Also, upon calling HP customer service, I was told that the warranty on this machine is almost expired (148) days left, as it was purchased from HP in May 2012. This morning, the machine was without power and did not boot up. I called HP again, and they were able to help me out with the boot problem, but stated that the machine needs to be returned to HP for repair of the optical drive issue.I am very unhappy with the price I paid for this machine given the issues above, that it has a boot problem, optical drive problem and warranty was more than 1/2 expired at the time of purchase and that it was sold as a "new" machine. Seller refunded me $115 for all the hassle. That was very nice!  UPDATE 1/16/13:after IOS update and BlueRay player replacement by HP, the machine runs great!! I have not fond any other issues so far, Other than not having received the $115 rebate/refund for my troubles from the seller. But now, the machine, for my purposes is a 5* machine again....  UPDATE  2/4/13. been playing with the machine for a bit now that it is fixed. Absolutely no complaints. Daughter bought same one but with Windows 8 on it. Took it back because of Windows 8 being so computer user unfriendly. What can you expect when you slap smartphone OS on a computer... Got one with Windows 7 on it instead...