I've been using the Yoga 13 for about a month, at home, the office and on a couple of long business trips. Great price for a touchscreen ultrabook. The i5 processor, 128GB SSD makes it speedy on most my Windows tasks and it boots almost instantly. The 4GB ram seems just fine. It runs AutoCAD, MathCAD and Photoshop just fine. Also, researching the unit it appears easy to open up to add larger RAM SODIMM, and a second mSATA SSD. This would allow upgrading to 8GB SODIMM of DDR3-1600, and with currently available mSATA drives two 250MB SSDs if needed.Screen size at 13.3" is nearly 3" larger than the MS Surface Pro, so easier to read the larger spreadsheets or drawings. Screen is very responsive to touch. The higher resolution than most budget touchscreen laptops makes the screen display crisp, and allows more content on the screen. When using the touchscreen with a non-touch specific program (MathCAD, AutoCAD, Word), on occasion, my fingers are too fat to select the item I need, and would perhaps be enhanced with a stylus as on the MS Surface Pro. However, in those cases, the large, sensitive touchpad (or an external mouse) works just fine.Though used mostly as a laptop with the keyboard, in the office I use it in tent-mode sitting next to my desktop dual 27" monitors and controlled with keyboard/mouse sharing software. I can run IM, Twitter and a Weather app on it, not interrupting my workflow on the desktop.For travel the AC adapter is much smaller and lighter than any of my Dell laptops. The 3.5 lb weight and very thin profile makes it easy to carry and slip easily into my travel bag.  It is very nice when in a cramped coach seat on a flight where it is hard to have it open in laptop-mode that you can turn the screen around and use the Yoga in either tent-mode on the tray table, or as a tablet in your hands.A few negatives: The fan(s) become somewhat noisy when using CPU or graphic intensive applications. Also, the hinge is stiff when flipping the screen around, but that is likely needed so it will stand up in tent-mode. The keyboard works OK, but doesn't have the crisp touch of some of my other laptops. At about 4.5 hours of real use the battery life is much better than my old XPS 13 Dell laptop, but not comparable to a simple tablet like the iPad, but that's the price you pay for real computing horsepower versus just having "apps". The video output is HDMI, and works fine to plug into the TV at the hotel, but most LCD video projectors I use for speeches or customer presentations use VGA input cables, so I needed to buy a short $20 HDMI to VGA converter cable, that works fine, but is another item to add to my travel bag. It's heavier than the MS Surface Pro in tablet mode, but that's the price you pay to have a much larger screen, a second USB port, and the flexibility to actually upgrade it yourself.In summary, a great, relatively fast, and powerful touchscreen PC ultrabook, that can easily change modes depending on where you're using it.