Edit: 5/18/2011Bought this rig in the first month or so it was released, so now almost 2 years into ownership (okay, maybe year and a half). Asus has won me over in terms of hardware reliability and build quality. Not sure what the negative reviews are about, mine has consistently run quiet and cool. So much so that I am now revisiting my review to update on how much I enjoy owning this machine.>>> Original Post <<<Im an average computer user, a few years out of college and work in finance... I use my computer to check email, watch movies, edit photos (with gimp) and light gaming. I was looking for something that fits in a weekend backpack, has good battery life for travel layovers and handles anything I throw at it.I've had my UL80VT for a week now and so far not overly impressed, but still very happy with the purchase... I havent experienced the loose construction others have mentioned in the plastic, but the keyboard does have a good amount of flex and sounds a bit tinny. Not too bad, but noticeable. I also nearly cut my hand on a sharp corner of the aluminum lid, and now that I know its there I'll avoid grabbing it from the corner. The build quality of the HP EliteBook I use for work far surpasses the feel of this, but then this is a fraction of the price...My biggest complaint is the lack of dedicated media buttons. The volume is adjusted with Fn+F10 through Fn+F12, too long a stretch for one hand... Lame... Speaker quality is otherwise very good, plenty of the subtleties shine through the music and very little background noise at max volume.Battery life showing 9 hours and 30 minutes now, and has been unplugged for about 30 minutes. I have the TURBO (overclocking) turned ON and discrete graphics turned OFF. It is easy to turn the graphics back on and doing so causes battery life to go down to 5 hours and 30 minutes. Totally acceptable, if not impressive at 512mb. Boot-up is very quick and Win 7 with all aesthetic features turned on runs flawlessly.I dont own/play a lot of video games, but I do enjoy the Battlefield series. Battlefield Heroes plays flawlessly with the discrete graphics on and still acceptable without. Im impressed by the commercials for the new Call of Duty and will probably buy it this weekend since Im confident this rig can handle it.The black aluminum looks sophisticated. I dont mind the fingerprint magnet of the shiny plastic and the subtle blue accents are a very nice touch.The trackpad is very responsive and accurate... Took a day or so to get enough finger oil on the plastic to keep from feeling sticky, and now that I've "broken it in" am very happy with the feel. My only complaint here is the seamless integration into the case. While typing it's way too easy for my palm to wonder onto the trackpad and move the cursor. There's an option to reduce the sensitivity to "palm touches", which has helped but not eliminated the problem.I am MOST IMPRESSED by the Asus rep reading the forums here. I hope their service center is as responsive (but hopefully I'll never need to call).Overall first impression, great machine with a few obvious design flaws. Not enough to ruin the experience, but does make you think why they were overlooked.So, I was waiting for a CULV with a backlit keyboard, but my Dell suddenly stopped working due to a motherboard problem. I'm not a vindictive person, but I really hope somebody reads this and decides not to buy a dell. They claim to have fixed the problem under warranty (by replacing the monitor?) and wont even answer my calls since I'm now a month out of warranty. Dell service has kicked dirt in my eyes in a very spiteful way.As an average user with plenty of laptop experience, I'm happy to answer any questions within my range of knowledge.EDIT: 11-22-2010Just recieved my computer back from the ASUS service center. The fan started clicking a while ago as if it had a broken bearing. Also I mentioned to them the squeaky plastic (which surfaced about 2 months into ownership). Took about 2 weeks to recieve the computer back and the fan is fixed, but the plastic is still squeaking. Seems like they replaced it which leads me to believe it is a defect in the design.That said, I recently replaced the hard drive with a 7200 rpm, 500 gb Hitachi. Win7 startup feels slightly faster, but the real improvement is in decibals... This laptop is dead silent, even when transferring 20 gb from one partition to another. When the fan eventually kicks in (which is rare with my usage), it is still surprisingly quiet. Battery life is still at 10 hrs web surfing and about 7 hours watching movies with the graphics off. With the graphics on it is about 4.5 hours watching movies and 2.5 hrs playing Battlefield. All in all, one year later and my UL80vt is even faster and quieter than the day I received it. Very happy with the machine, but the touchpad design is still iritating as I still havent found a decent fix for "palm touches".