I am reviewing a variant of the 1555 laptop shown here. My version has:CPU: P7450HDD: 500GBRAM: 4GBGraphics: ATI Radeon HD 4570Screen: 15.6USB: 2+1 eSata/USB combo.O/S: Windows 7 Professional 64-bit.I have had this laptop for most of a year now, and it has been a good work horse. I use it primarily for university work, and this has involved running AutoCAD, MatLab, ArcGIS, MS Office, Photoshop and, as I am a student, Oblivion GotY Edition, AoE2, Unreal Tournament, Trackmania, and GTA4.Useage-wise, it has excellent connection capibilities, though mineis without Bluetooth. I regularly use the HDMI out to connect to another screen, which makes doing research easier. The eSata port has not been used yet, though I am in the process of getting an HDD which will use it.There are twin headphone slots which you can customise for what they are being used for.The speakers are a little better than many laptops, but they are still quite tinny. With headphones, even cheap ones, the built in Audio Controls are excellent for setting up good sound.The Webcam is a little poor quality, but as an integrated unit, it is ok. The stereo microphones are very sensitive though.The trackpad is quite good, though I think the wifi card is below it, and it can get hot with heavy use.The DVD player is a slot loading device, and hasn't let me down yet. The annoying thing about its position is that it is directly above the single right hand USB port. If the device connected to the laptop has a large USB port connector, it blocks the DVD slot. Poor design choice there.The keyboard is ok, though I wish I had gone for the backlight keyboard.The media controls have taken over primary use from the function keys, which with prolonged use has shown to be a good idea, though a seperate set of buttons whould have been nice.Battery life is excellent. Even when running ArcGIS, modelling a geological map and a second screen with the internet running, I get a good 3-4 hours out of it a year down the line. With less intensive use and Dell extend battery life enabled, it has gone for 8 hours of light use. (like reading pdfs, and a little wireless internet use)The screen is good quality, though I find it attracts dust like nothing else. Maybe it is just that it is a fairly glossy screen, so I notice it more.The power adapter is very small, which is good. It does make some funny noises though, and it gets quite hot. Also the connection to the mains is u-shaped, so when useing the cable at maximum extent, it is smaller then the total length of cable.Performance wise, even with Windows eating a good Gig of RAM, it handles most applications quickly. I have had problems in the past with performance at the start up though - for a good 5mins after the task manager says the computer is running mostly in idle, I can take 10-15seconds to get Firefox loaded properly. Been told this is a Windows problem, and I need to format the computer. Also had problems with large MS Excel documents, though I think that is more to do with Excel being unwieldy with large amounts of data.But most of the time it runs fine. It runs Oblivion at max settings with only slight frame rate drop when there are lots of enemies on screen whilst passing into a new map area. Trackmania it runs at max, thouugh online play is limited by the host, so for that I use lower settings so not to overload other players. GTA it does struggle with. It does run it, but at medium settings at the most.At the higher performance setteings, it does get hot. The cooling fans suck air in from the bottom of the laptop on the left side. This is fine when at a desktop, but when sitting with it that happens to be where your leg is placed. The way the screen is hinged (A neat system which makes the laptop expand a bit) at maximum screen angles, the exhaust of the CPU can blow hot air up the screen. Neither are particuarly bad, but they just feel like its one of the few places where form fit over function. Long term, I hope it does not affect anything.The matt paint covering the top of the laptop is a good choice. I doesn't show fingerprints, and scratchs are hidden. Will be looking for matt coloured laptops from now on (though this one I got was red, and it does have a very pink look to it if the sun catches it wrong!)In the recent icy weather we got (Currently in Delft, Netherlands) I managed to fall of my bike a few times. One such fall the laptop got a good hit. The left hand screen join has had its cover cracked and ... thats about it. Runs fine, didn't need any help on start up, nothing. My previous laptop (also a Dell) died after a similar incident (in Scotland though). Toughness then I cannot fault.Overall, I have been very pleased with the quality and power of this system. It has not let me wrong yet, and with the eSata port/firewire and express card, it has good upgrade capibilites for the future.4/5 stars not 5 because of the problems with the fan placement, start up (though this is probably windows), power pack noises. All else is excellent. If you want a laptop which can replace a desktop and isn't too heavy and can handle pretty much everything thrown at it, get one of these. (Though try a newer one. The one with the i7 processor looks quite nice!)