I really like this laptop. Performance wise it is really good - much better than I expected. The HP install of additional software is minorly intrusive, but it's easy to disable or uninstall the stuff that I didn't want. I use it as a general purpose laptop for accessing the internet, reading email, and watching videos. It fits my needs well. I've been able to successfully install Ubuntu Linux on the device, with the assistance of this link: [...]. All features work correctly.I paid $[...] for it (after $[...] in [...]). So from a price/performance perspective, that's one kind of hot.But then there's another kind of hot. The devices generates extremely high temperatures. So high that I am concerned that the device will fry itself.I use speedfan to monitor temperatures. The GPU seems to be parked at 110C, the CPU is typically above 60C sometimes going into the 70's and 80's, and the HD is usually around 55C sometimes spiking above 60C. The GPU and HD temp seem excessive to me: especially the HD. I just purchased a laptop cooler to deal with this (not yet arrived).I occasionally need to leave the device running overnight (e.g. in order to complete a backup). In order to do this, I have to close the screen, and lean it against a wall so that the bottom side is exposed to open air. If I do that, the temps for GPU, CPU & HD fall back into much more reasonable ranges (GPU<100C, CPU<60C & HD<50C).I am hoping that the laptop cooler that I bought will significantly help with the cooling of this device. However, without the cooler, I am concerned that I will fry the device very quickly. So, for now, I'm not leaving it run for long periods of time. This, of course, limits it's usefulness. I would have given this a 5-star review except for this heat problem. Which is bad enough to drop the review down to 3-star.Summary:Pros:* Performance* Price (my price)* HP Windows install is good & non-intrusive* Linux compatibleCons:* Hot (by far my biggest concern)* Battery life is low - I get about 90 minutes* The case is a fingerprint magnetUPDATE: Wow, what a difference a working fan makes. I connected with HP via their online chat about the heating problem. They sent me a box and a shipping label for repair. I dropped it off at FedEx on Monday and had it back on Friday. They replaced the fan. And now, the normal usage temps are: GPU 104C, CPU 58C, HD 49C. These are all *much* more reasonable.As a consequence, I have changed my review to 5 stars.  Note however, that I got a great price for this.  Much less than the price advertised on amazon when this review was written.  I would rate this much lower at that price.UPDATE2: HP removed the screws from the hard drive in order to replace the fan.  But they didn't put them back in, causing the drive to unseat itself and disconnect. At least one screw is needed to keep that harddrive from easily falling out of it's connector.  Bad form, HP!  When I called them back, I had to haggle with them to send me some screws.  They wanted me to send the entire laptop back in.