I will make an attempt not to be redundant with this review. There are scads of professional reviews online that provide some good information. However, it's worth repeating that one must first decide what the point of having two screens that you can't see at the same time is. For me, I wanted to try something just as goofy as Windows 8.The out-of-box experience was pretty bad. Mine crashed several times and was then followed by 8-10 reboots. The first for Windows Update, and the rest for ASUS Live Update. That being said, I am glad it was updating itself. The accelerometer didn't work at all, then behaved erratically, then finally started working. Mysteriously, the screen will sometimes flip upside down without being moved at all.The hard drive came in two partitions, one 95.3 GB for the OS and the remaining 117 GB for DATA. Makes no sense to me, but it was easy enough to delete the DATA volume and then extend the OS drive with the available space - something I recommend doing right away.The second display runs in standard Windows dual-monitor mode. This makes "Extended Display" quite useless in most scenarios. Unless you want to do something that requires no cursor or keyboard actions (such as watch a movie, or, umm, let the person sitting behind you watch a movie) then you'll be constantly battling for control. Think of a single workstation with two monitors, two keyboards, two mice, and two people trying to do something and you'll get the idea. That being said, it could easily handle watching a compressed 1080p movie on one screen and Angry Birds Star Wars on the other without dropping a frame.A final negative thought is how difficult reinstalling Windows will be. I think it would have been simple enough to include a $10 "Reinstall/Recovery" USB stick with a $1600 unit. When the day comes to format this bad boy it's going to be a battle royale. Just looking at the ASUS driver web site (which was down most of the day) makes me cringe.There are some things I like about it. Another reviewer mentioned the fact that one screen gets all gummed with finger-prints and the other stays nice and clean, I agree wholeheartedly. My overall impression of Windows 8 on a touchscreen (and this isn't my first) is that it's really great for goofing off with things like paint or games, but you're not going to get any serious work done with it.In the end, it's like a mullet: Business in the front, party in the back! (but not at the same time)UPDATE 01-22-2013: The last round of Windows updates turned my screen rotation off again. It was easy enough to fix, from "tablet" mode you need to go to the screen resolution control panel and turn it back on. I think the way the ASUS software interacts with Windows 8 is the most annoying part of this laptop. The help of "Taichi VIP support" is laughable, which means this could be a real lemon for a basic user. If you're willing to have to goof around with it from time to time then it's fine.