So, I bought the new Haswell 13" MBA from apple.com/my. And in less than two weeks, in an unexpected accident, someone tripped on the Mag Safe and instead of disconnecting, it pulled the MBA off the table and made a slight dent. I called Apple and was passed to customer relations and after 3 whole weeks, they refused to acknowledge this as an issue and to say that the Mag Safe 2 is working as designed. I even took a video* of how I could lift the Mac Book Air with the Mag Safe attached but it was no use.I tried to exercise my rights to return within 14 days as it is not up to my satisfaction and was refused this because, hey, in Malaysia we have no return policy (and we don't have an Apple Store to go and mess up with them). When I tried to escalate the issue, the person told me that she's customer relations and is the highest level of escalation. But yet she can't do anything. This is frustrating. What happens to "number 1 in customer satisfaction?". So beware, if you owned the Haswell model. I suspect that it is because I owned a Configure To Order model i.e. I have add-ons, which made it costly for them to replace, but that is not my problem! I'm beginning to re-think of my choice of notebook, phones, tablets in the future!*Said video:[...]===Update:Wow.. just W-O-W!The plot thickens.So I decided to post the exact same post I did above to Apple Discussion Communities([...] and guess what? This is what I received a few hours later, which explained the missing post!!(When has Apple become draconian? I'm beginning to regret being their customer!)QUOTEDear Malaysia Ringgit (Ringgit),Apple removed your post titled, "MagSafe 2 is NOT working as designed, MBA dented, Apple refused exchange," because it contained off-topic or non-technical posts.Our terms of use, which include helpful information about using Apple Support Communities, is located here: [...] We encourage you to continue using the Apple Support Communities while abiding by our terms of use.We are including a copy of your post at the end of this email for your reference.If you would like to send feedback to Apple about a product, please use the appropriate selection here: [...]As part of submitting feedback, please read the Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy linked to the feedback page.Best Regards,Apple Support Communities Staff++++++++++This message is sent from a send-only email account. Any replies sent to this address are deleted automatically by the system.-------------------------------------------------------A copy of your message for reference:So, I bought the new Haswell 13" MBA from apple.com/my. And in less than two weeks, in an unexpected accident, someone tripped on the MagSafe and instead of disconnecting, it pulled the MBA off the table and made a slight dent. I called Apple and was passed to customer relations and after 3 whole weeks, they refused to acknowledge this as an issue and to say that the MagSafe 2 is working as designed. I even took a video* of how I could lift the Mac Book Air with the Mag Safe attached but it was no use. I tried to exercise my rights to return within 14 days as it is not up to my satisfaction and was refused this because, hey, in Malaysia we have no return policy (and we don't have an Apple Store to go and mess up with them). When I tried to escalate the issue, the person told me that she's customer relations and is the highest level of escalation. But yet she can't do anything. This is frustrating. What happens to "number 1 in customer satisfaction?". So beware, if you owned the Haswell model. I suspect that it is because I owned a Configure To Order model i.e. I have add-ons, which made it costly for them to replace, but that is not my problem! I'm beginning to re-think of my choice of notebook, phones, tablets in the future! *Said video: [...]"