Honestly, I'd never really looked into what a Chromebook exactly was before getting this product.  With my current laptop's battery completely useless, I was planning on buying a new $500 HP laptop.  When I got the opportunity to try out this much cheaper, seemingly less efficient Chromebook, I decided to put my laptop shopping on hold, and I am so glad I did!  Although it may seem like the price is too good to be true, you can literally do most things on this $200 Chromebook that you could do on any other laptop, and you might even be able to do them better and quicker!The first thing I noticed about this Chromebook is the amazing speed it has; it literally powers on and off in a matter of 10 seconds or less.  Since it doesn't have an operating system like Windows, it doesn't have to constantly be applying updates, which was one of my major frustrations with owning a Windows computer.  It also browses the internet with lightning fast speed on a connection that took much longer on my old computer.The battery life is another amazement of this Chromebook.  It boasts an 8.5 hour battery life, but I've often seen it lasting 11 hours or more.  Charging it takes an hour or two at most, and it will always tell you at the bottom right of the screen how much percentage remains and how much longer you have before the computer shuts off.Bluetooth is an option on the Chromebook, but I haven't yet used it and cannot comment further on it.Everything is set up to use Google Chrome and its respective apps, hence calling this a Chromebook.  I'm not sure if you can change Chrome as your internet browser, but I haven't found a reason to do so yet.  Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Slides, and Google Play Music are all available as icons on your desktop to be used a moment's notice.  There are also various other Google apps preloaded onto the Chromebook such as Google Maps and Gmail.  In fact, your Gmail name is how you will sign into your computer every day; you even use you Gmail password to log in.  This definitely forces you to get Gmail if you don't have it already, but you aren't forced to necessarily use it.  This might be a hindrance to those who don't use Google or Gmail on a regular basis, but I personally think it's worth it.The size of the Chromebook is definitely small, but I had been already using a small laptop of the same size, so it wasn't much of an adjustment for me.  If you're used to using a bigger laptop, it might be a bit awkward to shrink down to this size, but it works fine and is easy to see.  The keyboard seems to be high quality and responsive to touch.  There's no Caps Lock button, which I thought was odd; it's instead been replaced with a search key that will prompt a Google search when hit.  Everything else seems to be there.The touchpad responds well for me.  It doesn't have a right click option much like the Macbook, so to copy and paste things, you must highlight it then go to menu at the top of your screen and select either copy or paste.  This is somewhat lengthier than what I'm used to on my old laptop but definitely not a negative.  EDIT - I was corrected about this by a very helpful commenter BKarno who says, "Tap or click on the touchpad with 2 fingers for right click, and consult the help for other available touchpad gestures."There is a webcam installed into this Chromebook, and from my limited usage of it, the quality seems to be very nice and definitely much nicer than my previous webcams, external or otherwise.  I'm impressed, although I haven't used it much at all.You can download small items onto this Chromebook such as pictures and word files, but I'm not sure about large files such as games and videos.  I haven't tried it since this Chromebook is definitely oriented towards internet access and Google app usage.  I do definitely recommend going with another laptop option if you plan to use it for hardcore gaming, video downloading, or even video editing.Overall, I'm VERY pleased with this laptop; it meets my needs perfectly.  I'm able to browse the internet faster than ever before, yet I am still able to type through Google Docs, different as it may be from Microsoft Word.  For $200, this Chromebook is a steal, and I recommend it everyone looking for a basic laptop!