There are many different factors to consider when writing a review of a notebook, but I'm just going to go with the topics hardware and software.First, the exterior/hardware. This is the first thing that you see when unboxing so it only felt right to start here. Of course when you open it you're in the awe of actually owning an Apple machine. The aluminum unibody is extremely attractive, clean, and just stunning. Then more time sets in, and if you're like me, you begin to inspect it, wondering if it really is as perfect as you first thought it to be. Upon inspection of this machine (my 1st of two, BTW) I noticed there were some flaws. First, I noticed when the lid was closed, there was a gap on the right side (the drive side) compared to the left. Upon further inspection, eyeballing at an angle I find hard to describe, I can see an imperfection in the form of the aluminum, as if it was bent. Secondly, after some use, I also noticed two of the backlighting on the keys, keys 'B' and '7' were noticeably dimmer than their counterparts. Lastly, upon inspecting the powercord, it looks like there are some imperfections in the sheathing...I don't know from what or how, but just another thing to make my mind boggle. For a machine of this price and from a company like Apple where form and function are supposedly equal, I personally could not 'suck it up' and live with these things, but I'm sure there are those out there who would...to each is own. But other than those things, it definitely is a striking machine that leaves an impression.Second, the software. Being this is my first time owning an Apple and working with OS X, I have to say I am pleased right from the get go. It truly is simple to use. I don't know how else to explain it, but I've been using Windows for years, and after a short time, a couple weeks on a Mac, I feel quite oriented with it. Setting up things seem much less painful on a Mac, as the system often recognizes things in advance, ie setting up an internet connection. For the experienced, not impressive by any means, but for those who have trouble fathoming wireless anything, it works like it's supposed to without needing to be "experienced." I'm sitting here trying to think of a more compelling example to share, but all I can really tell you is that things work in a straight forward way. Recalling my Windows experiences, there are often multiple sidesteps that would be taken to finally reach a certain destination, but here its a straight shot.Personal experience: As stated above, due to the hardware issues/imperfections, I bought a second MacBook Pro and returned the first one. I truly love my second one, as all the hardware imperfections are no longer there...the lid is even all the way around, the backlights work on all the keys, the power cord doesn't have any weird marks. I'm happy. I will say though, I don't know if Amazon was trying to be slick or if it's common practice, but the box this 2nd one came in I noticed had been opened before and a new clear piece of tape was placed over it. I'm not entirely sure what that means? I will also say too that the first one ran much cooler, as this one seems a bit warmer...(uh oh, did I make things worse for myself?) Not hot enough where I feel like I'm getting burned, but noticeably warmer...but I have read things about 'thermal paste' on these MBPs being excessively used, so I'm not sure...have to look further into that. But all in all, this is what I initially expected, form and function are top notch, as they should be to match the cost.MBP #1: 3 starsMBP #2: 4/4.5 stars (Would be 5 stars if it operated at the same cooler temperature as the first one)