Although this is a review for the Compaq CQ62-423NR, I have also included other information so that you can benefit more from computing if you need it.I got mine at Fry's at a very good price. TigerDirect has this, too. There are much fewer user reviews there, plus the reviews are heavily edited by TD, which means they may be less useful. That's why I come to Amazon to read and write reviews, even if I didn't buy the product here.The Compaq CQ62-423NR has an Intel Celeron 900 CPU running at 2.2 Ghz, 3 Gb of RAM, and 320 Gb of hard drive. Unless you are a heavy gamer or do lots of Photoshop or AutoCAD work, you shouldn't be concerned that this may be too under-powered. If all you do are everyday tasks such as Internet browsing, email, YouTube, word processing, spreadsheet, etc., this is perfectly suitable. Overall, the computer feels fast and responsive.While fast, the CQ62-423NR runs very cool. I used Speccy to get a reading of the PC's specifications and operating temperatures. The CPU, motherboard, hard drive ran at 32, 36, and 34 degrees, respectively. It is very comfortable to have it sit on my lap, compared to my 4-year old HP DV7 (Core 2 Duo P7350), which has a corresponding readings of 76, 70, and 43 degrees! A cool computer is also more reliable and lasts longer.This computer does not have a built-in webcam, but you can always add one later via the USB port. I'd recommend one made by Logitech or Microsoft.This 15.6 inch notebook computer does not have a numeric keypad like most in this size category, but it does have dedicated and programmable keys on the leftmost column for things like email, CD player, Internet browser, Print, and Calculator. On the rightmost column, there are navigation keys for home, PgUp, PgDn, and end that are more intuitive to use than horizontally arranged keys for these functions on keyboards with a numeric keypad.The built-in Internet Explorer always feels sluggish. You should use other browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, etc), because they are mostly more speedy, more memory-efficient, and have more features. I like Chrome the best.Also, you should get a system optimization software to keep your computer in good shape all the time. I use Tune-Up Utilities ($30), but you can try a free one by Glary Utilities first. I like Tune-Up Utilities because you can pretty much set and forget; it will constantly keep your computer in an optimal state.Additionally, I recommend a free program called "meminfo" (by Carthagosoft) to keep track of your PC's memory usage and "defragment memory" when necessary. You can configure the software to show you in the lower right corner of the screen how much memory you have left (in percentage, to be more useful) as you use your computer. You can right-click on the indicator and select "Memory Defragmentor" to reclaim memory used by programs that you have quit using. This is a lot more useful and convenient than having to restart your computer from time to time to remedy a sluggish computer.There is a website called ninite.com which lists a whole bunch of well-known, often used, and free programs in many categories that you can select then install all at once, without any more human intervention. This is the quickest way to have your computer populated with useful programs, and it's free. Not only that, if you keep the setup file, you can run the file at a later date and it will update all those programs automatically. This is really a time-saver and I highly recommend it.