I bought a refurb version of the device and it came with a faulty network card after careful diagnostics. I found out you cannot replace the network card with a better model because Lenovo locked the bios, the laptop refuses to even turn on. The Intel Centrino N2230 network card is very low end to start with, it is only single band and the fact that Lenovo purposely preventing you to upgrade the network card unless you buy their more expensive option shows what they're trying to pull. (You can still swap your HDD and RAMs however.) You have to find a way to install a third party bios, but when you pay big money for their hardware, it's disappointing when you don't have control of what you purchased. Mind you I am not new to this, I have been using and repairing other laptops in the past from companies such as HP and Sony which also employ the same bios locking, but perhaps I was being naive this time.My model doesn't come with an mSATA connector (which allow you to install a solid state drive in addition to the main internal harddrive), this is true for other buyers who didn't opt for SSD options. I mean even if you didn't purchase one with SSD option, at least Lenovo should be nice enough to solder on the mSATA connector in case you want to install it manually. (You can still replace the main internal harddrive with "MLC" solid state drives, but then you don't get to have two internal drives, which is actually the norm for laptops at this price range.) This is not true of the past when Lenovo did included mSATA connector for the Y480/Y580 and earlier models (even if you don't purchase SSD options). The laptop already cost more than a grand, they chose to milk as much money from you as possible by excluding a hardware part that cost a buck at most (not to mention couldn't add a fourth USB port onto this humongous thing).Otherwise it is a very good laptop, albeit quite large and heavy for the 15" category. I have the SLI GPUs (dual graphic cards) option so it is great for gaming. I am running Windows 7 with the latest nVidia drivers and SLI work without problems. In term of price to performance to ratio, this is still one of the best option comparing to the competitions.If you run the laptop by default and doesn't disable Intel Turbo Boost, then it will get pretty hot. Long gaming session can get the CPU to over 90*C. However, this is not an issue for me after disabling Turbo Boost, afterward even after long gaming session, the CPU and both GPUs stays below 70*C. There are instructions you can find to disable Turbo Boost or you can use a program called ThrottleStop.I enjoy the chiclet keyboard very much, its very responsive and quiet. I don't use the Touchpad so it doesn't apply to me, I prefer a good laser mouse. Overall, it is a relatively quiet laptop, not silent mind you. You will hear the fans, but it's very tolerable with a lower pitch humming tone. Even during gaming it's not so bad. It's not quiet enough to sleep next to though.While some of the things I mentioned are not major issues, continuing to buy from them is to persuade them to continue this behavior of tricking their customers. Mind you Lenovo's record of customer service isn't stellar either. There are other good options to chose from such as Asus which I wish I had taken a look at before diving for this one.PS. I highly recommend 'not' to get the Y410p model. Unlike the Y510p, the Y410p have very poor durability. It's lid is extremely flimsy plastic and you can flex the entire chassis of the laptop without effort. This is disappointing from Lenovo since their previous Y480 model was very durable. The Y510p fortunately have a metal lid (though still somewhat flexy) and the chassis is at least somewhat durable.PPS. I am well aware you can swap the Lenovo's Ultrabay (ie. the removable DVD drive or secondary graphic card) with a removable harddrive bay. However, this mean you will have to swap out your removable graphic card, defeating the purpose of getting an SLI GPUs laptop in the first place.