I purchased this item "used - like new" through Amazon WarehouseDeals and received a pristine product - very happy with the considerable savings.Over the six weeks I have now used it, this laptop has worked out very well for me as a portable machine. I use it mostly around the house on my lap while sitting on the sofa or at the kitchen table. I also have an iPad 3 with Zagg keyboard but find this Chromebook, while half a pound heavier, easier to use because of its full size keyboard and ease with which it is used on the lap. I find using the iPad (or other full sized tablets) as a pure tablet is much less comfortable because of having to hold its considerable weight all the time and my Nexus 7 tablet, while a great device, is just too small for general web surfing and document writing purposes. When going out I usually take the Nexus 7 simply because of its much smaller size and weight.I find the screen and touchpad on this Series 5 550 to be nicer than on the newer 11.6 inch Chromebook I played with at the store. I like the less-wide aspect ratio of the screen (more vertical pixels) and larger "glass" touchpad and the scrolling speed is a bit better. So even though it is half a pound heavier I am glad I purchased this over the newer smaller Chromebook given the minor premium I ended up paying. (Again I was really impressed with how pristine the "like new" condition was.)Having played with Mac Book Airs in the store several times, I would say the screen, keyboard, and touchpad on this Series 5 550 is very much the equal in build quality and usability. I find using the touchpad for scrolling (two fingers) is excellent and actually preferable to sliding a finger on the screen of a tablet. I rarely use the touchpad click buttons preferring the one and two finger taps and tap and hold which work very well.It would have been nice to have a backlit keyboard but not critical for me. While the auto screen brightness works well, I find the extremely wide range of brightness adjustment and dedicated control keys a nice touch. Battery life has been excellent, easily achieving 6 hours with normal usage in well lit environments and over 7 hours with reading in dimly lit ones. The CPU fan hardly ever runs (and is very quiet when it does) and the bottom of the unit barely gets warm (and seems cooler than the fanless smaller 11.6 inch Chromebook felt like in the store).Reading books on this Chromebook using Kindle Cloud Reader Chrome app in two-page mode works really well for me. In general I have found web apps or Chrome apps for all the casual work I need to do. Serious work gets done on a Windows desktop machine.As many reviewers have noted, you really need to understand how you want to use a laptop to be satisfied with using Chrome OS. For me it has worked out better than the iPad 3 for most casual use around the house.