Times like this, I wish that the Amazon rating system was out of 10 rather than out of 5.  I feel this is more of a 3.5/5 than anything else, but that being said, I'd like to provide a bit of insight, having owned this computer for about a month-and-a-half now.The first thing anyone will probably notice about the notebook is its design.  It's a sleek, matte black, arguably minimalist and perhaps even understated.  Yes, I've had people compare it to a stealth fighter, but I personally enjoy the low profile, so to speak.  It's no where near as flashy as Dell's Alienware, but it's not supposed to be.  On the other hand, yes, it is large, about the size of a typical 17-inch laptop.  It's probably a tight squeeze with most 17" cases--as a note, I managed to squeeze it into Targus's 15" case, but I have yet to ascertain how.  Be aware that it is substantially thicker in the rear where the vents are located than in the front.Concerning hardware, the laptop is top-of-the-line, with a Sandy Bridge i7 Quad-Core processor, 6 GB of RAM (or 8 GB in some models), a 7200 RPM 500 GB hard drive, and a GTX 460M, plus a 1080p screen, all of which is denoted in the description.  A few notes on this: there are four RAM slots, two of which will be filled (with either 3 GB or 4 GB modules), so you can take advantage of the incredibly low RAM prices and add up to (presumably) 24 GB of RAM.  Be advised though, the BIOS is notoriously finicky, so your mile WILL vary.  On the plus side, the laptop can accommodate a second hard drive (mine came with a second hard drive mount pre-installed into the second hard drive bay; apparently some others have not).  Apart from that, the monitor is acceptable, though I had to toy with the settings a little to get the colors right.If benchmarks mean anything to you, you can comment and I'll respond to you personally; I don't feel like cluttering this review up with dozens of numbers.  Suffice to say, the processor is *almost* on par with the first-gen desktop i7 920, and it'll tackle most any calculation you throw at it, including sophisticated systems modeling with MATLAB.  The GPU is excellent, if an energy hog, and it is very good for gaming, even at 1080p resolution; you should be able to play on "high settings" with easy, and reasonable anti-aliasing, anisotropic filtering, etc.  It also accelerates all variety of media processing, whether conversion, decoding, and editing.  I've found it to be acceptable for rendering, but not optimal; however, it can be overclocked by around 20-25% with no stability issues, quite the feat.  RAM and hard drive, well, that's up to what you do, but I've found them both adequate.The chiclet keyboard takes some getting used to, and it may feel crammed if you have big hands/fingers, but the backlighting is nice.  I found the lack of dedicated volume controls problematic, but not a deal-breaker.  In other news, there's a single ethernet port, a VGA and HDMI output, three USB 2.0 and one USB 3.0, a mic and headphone jack, and a card reader.  Again, minimalist, but I haven't found myself desiring more.  The webcam is surprisingly high-quality, on par with Logitech's mid-range models.  The speakers are tinny and a bit of a disappointment.  Sure, laptops aren't renowned for their audio quality, but it feels as if Asus's engineers didn't even make an attempt.  You may also feel that the track-pad buttons are stiff, but it is not difficult to get used to.  On the plus side, I'm actually amazed at how cool this stays, even when running the CPU and GPU at near 100% load.Battery life is around three hours if the computer is kept to a minimal state (for typing or limited productivity work).  It is around two hours if a number of intensive applications are running at once, and around one hour if gaming.This alone, the laptop should easily qualify for four stars, perhaps even five.  There are two significant barriers in the way:1. The bloatware this laptop comes with could capsize an SSD, much less and HDD.  It slows the computer down substantially if not removed, a process which takes at least an hour, if not more. And the restoration disks they ask you to burn still include the bloatware, not to mention taking up a half-dozen DVDs.  I highly advise a fresh installation before doing anything else with the laptop, using the Windows install key found underneath the laptop.  With just removing the bloatware, the underlying system is inherently unstable afterwards--a month-and-a-half in, I've experienced significant slow-downs, and am now running off of a second hard drive I installed, with a clean Windows installation.  Which gets me to the next point:2. Accessing any hardware on this laptop actually requires a teardown.  Why, Asus?  Every other laptop I've owned has an easily accessible hard drive and RAM; just flip over the laptop, undo one or two screws, and voila, you can swap the hard drive or change the RAM.  For this one, you have to remove the keyboard and the panel with the trackpad, undo three ribbons and about a dozen screws, than finally prob open the back panel to get to the guts of the laptop.  It may sound simple, but it's a cautious, time-consuming process, and absolutely should not have been designed so absurdly.  Just to add a RAM stick, you would risk rendering your keyboard and trackpad inoperable, and possibly damage the motherboard.So that's about it.  I haven't experienced the power button or the power jack issues others have described, but despite its great value, the Asus G53SW is a purchase which demands caution.