Now I did not purchase my Chromebook from amazon because at the time they were selling for $250 for the hdd version, but at bestbuy it was only 200 for the 16gb ssd version.I felt the need to write a review because i see many on here saying things like "you can only use Google software" or "its useless with out internet" but this isn't true. You can put a full blown Linux OS which I have & (I even ran windows only programs my self using a program called wine).Now you have to do a little (a very small) tinkering to do it but it really isn't that hard, just follow the instructions here:[...]you can also just google ChrUbuntu and it will come up. Now i understand that ppl don't want to have to go through the trouble of installing chrubuntu which is why I am speaking to ppl who can. I never even used Linux before installing it on my Chromebook. I choose to learn because of budget & simplicity. just make a recovery on +4gb flash drive on your Chromebook before trying using this method:[...]If you mess anything up while doing Linux or even if you weren't messing with it but it messed up, this will fix almost everything by doing a full reset & installing a fresh OS on your Chromebook. just turn off your CB(chromebook), press & hold esc + f3(refresh button) & a screen will come up & then you just insert your flash drive that you formatted for recovery & within a few seconds it start the reset. you will hear the fan get louder than normal, which is what always happens so no worry.now for the things I've done using ChrUbuntu are:downloaded torrents,use Microsoft office, use Bluetooth!,watch any movie i got from the piratebay no matter what format using the program VLC, read different format eBooks, print any document via USB CABLE not the WEB!,stream videos to my ps3 using a server program. so this CB can do anything a windows pc can & even better using LINUX. IT can even run windows itself (although not recommended because of the low end processor), or any windows program you can think that you want using WINE (recommend) I've tested for myself using Microsoft Office & using Mine-craft.i even plan on buying 2gb of ram & a bigger solid-state drive 64gb instead of the 16gb that come with this. I used an external HDD for downloads from the piratebay. now with those upgrades i can put a good big number of Linux programs on it . all downloads i put in the external drive since HDD's are much cheaper for storage but SSD is better for performance.SO far I've had no problems with my CB. never died on me like others have stated & I've done more to my CB than them with installing Linux. so even if any problems occur you can always just pop in the flash drive & you'll be alright .Now since i usually browse for school i prefer to use ChromeOS most of the time & when I need a full os i just boot into Linux. I actually love ChromeOS, its very simple & elegant. No nonsense,no distractions installing anti-virus, maintenance etc. If you can install Linux, then I highly recommend this Chromebook for something that isn't expensive but can get any job done