I've had this computer for a year and a half and was happy with it up until recently. I am a graduate student and when I first got this computer it had exactly what I needed and did everything wonderfully and in some ways still does. I was completely impressed by this computer. It was fast at completing all tasks when I got it and a year later after much usage and lots of space taken up it is still just as fast. It's a beautiful, sleek looking computer and it comes with a lot of great features. It has small lights that act as buttons at the top of the keyboard you lightly put your finger on and they do tasks such as launching itunes, muting audio, and playing/stopping/fastforwarding movies so you don't have to navigate to other windows or the desktop to complete tasks. It also has labelflash which is useful if you want custom labeled dvd's. I have burned hundreds of dvds and cds with this computer and have never had any problems and the burner is still going strong. I've never had any issues connecting to wireless internet and have even used this computer to connect to other computers wirelessly to transfer documents. I can have multiple windows and tabs open and it doesn't effect the speed of the computer. I can run games easily and it plays programs flawlessly. It has three usb outlets and I am able to run a usb mouse, a printer, and a usb disk at the same time if I need to. This computer in many ways is great.It does have its not so great points though and the main one is that its parts broke down fast. Around three months after I got this computer I started having issues with the screen flickering. At first it only did it on rare occasions so I didn't think much about it, but after while, after it was too late for returns, it flickered worse and worse. Four months ago I couldn't move the laptop from my desk for fear of flickering. The screen eventually went out and I had to replace it. It's been three months since then and the screen worked fine after I replaced it until a few weeks ago when the flickering returned. I'm afraid I am going to have to replace another part in the laptop, either the display cable or another part. If you do your research toshiba laptops are notorious for having screens go out along with other parts even when they are fairly new. This is a huge drawback and if I had done better research beforehand I wouldn't have bought this laptop.A second minor issue is one small turnwheel. The laptop has a small turnwheel on the front you can use to turn volume up and down. This stopped working pretty soon after I got the laptop but this hasn't really impacted me much because I rarely used it anyway.Another issue I am having is that I have had to replace the power cord. I do not move my laptop around much.  It usually sits stationary on my desk so I find it odd the power cord has a short in it when I barley move the laptop off of one spot. So far I have put a lot of money into fixing problems I shouldn't have had to deal with at early times in a laptops life. Instead of fixing the screen again I am just going to hook it up to an external monitor and let it sit stationary on my desk and use it as an at home computer because my screen issues have made it too unreliable to trust in the future. It's not a good computer to travel to school and home with and doesn't seem to react well to you opening and closing it and I think that is what is causing my current screen issues. Instead of putting more money into fixing my toshiba satellite I am just going to buy a new laptop. I have loved this laptop because it has been great with the exception of the repair issues I've had. I've accomplished a lot of work using this machine and it has produced well for me. I am sad to have to give up on this one after trying so hard to get it to work correctly but putting more money into it isn't a possiblity now because I need a laptop for school that isn't going to break down again and I can't be sure this one won't.