*edit* this was not supposed to be a full review - just a heads up so you know about the firewire issue (and the impact it may have on you directly) before you purchase it.  it seems now this issue is widely known anyway, but i think at least here you can decide for yourself as to whether it is the be all and end all or just another feature that would have been cool if it was left in.  also note this mac's hard drive is insanely easy to replace, so if your drive was on it's way out, you could replace it, reinstall the os, and put your failing hdd into a usb enclosure (which could cost the same as a firewire cable) to attempt to recover data.  i also put in another paragraph or two at the end on other first impressions.the only thing i would like to add to the the current reviews is that the firewire port was dropped on the macbook models (not the pros though).  this is the only thing that worries me because of the inability for the computer to take advantage of target disk mode.  you may never have used it before, but it's one of those features that set apart macs from everything else.  booting the mac holding the letter 't' will make it boot to target disk (a large firewire symbol will float on the screen).  then connecting to another mac with a firewire cable will make it show up on the other mac's desktop just like any external drive would.  this is perfect for transferring files quickly and easily, also a great troubleshooting step if the mac will not boot, as it may boot to target disk, allowing you to recover files to another mac before replacing the hard drive if it's on it's way out - it may not boot normally, but may boot to target disk (note, if the mac will not boot but you are sure it's not a hardware issue, you can just do an archive and install, reinstalling your operating system while keeping your files).another reason many people have used it is for account migrating if upgrading from another mac.  migration assistant now uses ethernet, so you are still set here.if you own a camcorder - please make sure it supports usb 2.0, too, unless you are in the market for a new one of those too.oh - and i have a feeling all this firewire business might have something to do with usb 3.0 - which it looks like we will be seeing crop up in devices next year.just wanted to make sure you are aware of this before you make your decision!ok, so the 'another paragraph or two on other first impressions' - firstly, don't think that anyone could give you a reasonable review of a product that just came out a few days ago.  customer reviews are by far the most important thing i look at when deciding to buy something, but please bear in mind that you don't have the awesome posts by people who have actually owned the product more than five minutes yet.  anyway - so the screen - personally i like it, and yes, sometimes i can see the light fixture's reflection behind me when i'm powering up.  the blacks also look a little faded as per some reviews, but then again, the screen border is jet black, and i wonder if that makes it appear worse than it actually is.  also, when looking at an angle, mine looks ok left to right - even at the tightest angle, although not so much if i am looking at the screen from above.  i say 'ok' because it's not perfect (colours seem to darken a little), but then again, i'm really not going to be watching a movie from 10 feet away at a 45 degree angle on a 13.3 inch screen.  but that's just me - it's the way i roll, evidently.i'd recommend trying it out if you can at an apple store - see for yourself, understand that people can be really upset if they spend a lot of money and it doesn't work as *perfectly* as they expect it to, and that also the opposite is true - that people need their decisions reinforced and may tend to leave shinier than normal reviews.  my own 5 star rating?  four for the product and an extra one as it's apple makes five.  honestly though i love it but there could be improvements.  the pronounced edges make my wrists a little sore.  also it's about getting used to a smaller screen than my last notebook had (not apple's fault, but i am sure many people might have this issue).  no firewire may suck in the future, but right now it's not an issue.  deciding how to replace roboform with something mac compatible is my biggest nightmare (again that's not on apple).that's it! hope it helps!