Before I tell you about my experience with this Chromebook, first let me tell you about what devices I have and why I decided to get this instead of a tablet. Before I bought this, I had an iMac, an iPod touch, and a basic cell phone. I wanted something that I could browse the internet with and do a bit of word processing on that I could take anywhere but didn't want to spend much, so I decided to get this instead of a tablet since I already have a tablet-like device (my iPod touch) and wanted something that was more for media creation than consumption. While this is definitely not a replacement for a computer, if you already have a desktop and just want something that lets you take a full-size browser with you and will allow you to efficiently type via its keyboard (a major feature tablets are missing), then this is definitely a device you should consider getting.Like I said before, this is NOT a replacement for a Mac or Windows computer since there are essentially only five apps: Chrome (obviously), a notepad, a file browser, a calculator, and a webcam camera app. There are a couple more standalone apps you can download, but the majority of "apps" are just links to webpages, so they are not really worth downloading since you can just bookmark pages that you visit frequently. While the Chrome OS is very streamlined and well thought-out, know that there are many things you will not be able to do on it. That being said, Chrome OS runs very smoothly even when you have a lot of Chrome tabs open and I never experienced any slowdowns, even before I upgraded the RAM to 6 GB by adding a 4 GB RAM module to its empty RAM slot (which hopefully didn't void the warranty in the process since I had to remove the seal above the one screw that holds the entire bottom panel on). I really enjoy browsing the web on this and it is super easy to transfer files between this and a computer when you put them on an SD card in the card slot, but the battery life on this is pretty disappointing. Even at a full charge with the brightness turned down, you will ONLY get around three hours of battery life, which is very meager for a brand new device that should be capable of holding a decent charge (right now, for instance, I have  2 hours and 28 minutes of battery left even though it still has a 68% charge). The build quality of this machine is decent and it feels pretty solid, although it is certainly not as well-built as a MacBook Air that costs $800 more.Overall, if you want a small and portable web browser with a physical keyboard, this device would be a great option for you. I do feel slightly uncomfortable that Google has so much of my personal information, such as all my bookmarks and extensions (I do not sync my history, tabs, or passwords with my computer), but it's not like they wouldn't have most of this information anyway, and there are workarounds for giving them less of your personal data, such as just typing on one Google Doc and transferring your text to Word after you finish working on something on your Chromebook. While there are certainly things you cannot do on this, there are workarounds for most things you would want to do, such as uploading all your music to Google Play (free for  up to 20,000 songs) as a way to access your iTunes library, among others you will figure out as you become more familiar with the Chrome OS ecosystem. If you're in the market for this or a tablet and already have a smartphone, I would recommend this, for while it doesn't have many apps, it gives you a more traditional and productive computing experience than a consumption-oriented and most likely more expensive tablet.Update 1: The computer now has a dead pixel near the top center of the screen which is not noticeable most of the time but is still incredibly annoying. I checked Acer's policy on dead pixels and just like Apple and I would assume the industry as a whole, a few dead pixels are, to them, acceptable and not grounds for repair, so I will just have to live with it for as long as I keep the computer.Update 2: The computer's fan now runs constantly after it initially warms up. The Chromebook Central group on Google recommended that I remove some of the RAM so I removed the original 2 GB module but it is still running constantly now (I even tried using it with just its original 2GB of RAM again and it still runs constantly), which makes it impractical to use in class or in other quiet environments where there is no background noise. At this point I regret not just getting a similar-sized netbook that would give me a lot more functionality without some of the trade-offs of this bare bones "computer," so I am reducing my rating from four to three stars.