***UPDATE 12/24/2013:I have fixed the problem with the mouse! I can't believe I did it myself. Here is the path I took to fix the "flyaway" mouse:Go to CONTROL PANEL----EASE OF ACCESS----EASE OF ACCESS CENTER----MAKE THE MOUSE EASIER TO USE----MOUSE PROPERTIES----ELAN.  Within the ELAN tab there are different options. I turned off the "tap" option for the mouse. It fixed everything. My mouse cursor stays put like it should now. I have changed my rating of this computer to 5 stars now that I can use it again. I really do like this computer, and because of needing to go explore how to fix the mouse cursor problem, I've even learned my way around Win8, and it's not that bad. Give it a try.I'm going keep updating this review as I use my computer for a longer period of time. This is my initial review. First, this machine seems super-fast to me. I've never had an i3 processor before, so I notice a huge improvement in processing speed. If you've had only Pentium or lower grade processors, you will love this system. In fact, don't buy anything lower than an i3, because life and technology and the internet move fast, and I think this system will hold it's own for a while. I love the keys for typing. They are some sort of special touch keys. They look the same to me, but I really do like the tension and bounce-back of these keys. It boots much faster than my old Pentium, and shut down is even faster. So all of that is good.Here is what I don't like: The mouse, the mouse, the mouse!! It has taken me about 3 times longer than necessary to type this out because this mouse seems to have a mind and a will of its own. It seems to randomly "click" on things all by itself. I am making sure my hands are NOT touching the mouse area when typing (which is rather difficult to do), and it still happens! Grrrr!! In spite of all that I love about this computer, I am actually considering returning it because of this stupid mouse! I have looked all over on the internet to see if there is something I can do to fix this, but so far no luck. If any of you have any ideas, please let me know.A note about windows 8:  If you have been using Win95, 98, 2000, XP, Vista or even 7 be prepared to have your world turned upside down. This new system is.....completely different. As in completely different. There is definitely a learning curve. I've watched some YouTube videos about Windows8, and am beginning to get the hang of it. My first thought was that there was no way I could learn this system, but I was wrong. It is possible to teach this old dog some new tricks. Does that mean I love Win8 yet? Um....no. But I will in time. I am not considering Win8 as part of this computer, because it's an operating system. That has nothing to do with the quality or lack thereof of a computer.Final note, I am definitely going to contact Amazon about returning this computer due to the crazy mouse problems. It has taken me 35 minutes to type this review because I have to keep stopping and moving my curser back to where it belongs, as well as delete the misplaced typing I did before I realized the mouse had moved. Unless Lenovo fixes this problem, I cannot in good conscience recommend this computer to anyone. I had originally given it a 3 star rating and I will now be downgrading it to one star. Yes, I could buy a wireless mouse to "fix" it. But I bought a laptop so I could have everything in one place. Good luck to you if y***UPDATE***If it looks like my review got cut off, that's because the mouse problem acted up and apparently landed on the "enter" button and my review got submitted prematurely. I think it made my point for me. LOL