A less expensive laptop with a more dated dual core processor would have nicely served my business needs, but when a sale price brings this puppy closer to $650 or less, it really justifies going with this HP's Intel i3 processor for the enhanced processing power, especially when dabbling in personal multi-media.  It's a feature rich machine that offers some ability to grow with your needs because it is so well ported.  It comes with 4-USB, an external eSATA to attach a speedy external backup/storage drive, an HDMI port and companion laptop remote control, external monitor, 5-in one card reader (ooops, not Compact Flash, regrettably), ExpressCard 54 slot, 100-mbps RJ45 and Wireless N Draft networking, Bluetooth, and capped by a double-layer DVD/CD read/write drive.Where the rubber meets the road, I was nicely impressed with how well the N-Draft wireless adapter downloaded a 311-MB printer driver software suite file ... less than 10-minutes ... and I finally get wireless service anywhere in our single story home through several walls.  Hot dog, Cat5 is now dead.  I have since teamed it up with a Seagate BlackArmor external backup/storage drive that promises up to 3-GB/S eSATA transfer.  However, I'm using it via USB at this writing and am greatly pleased at how fast that connection works, as it is, for basic backup and off-machine file storage.  I likely won't go eSATA, but can.I'm not a 'touch-pad' fan, using it only when a wireless mouse isn't possible.  This one is like any other and I find the right-side touch-scroll bar to work when I don't want it to and to not work when I do.  No doubt that's a combination of me and the nature of that annoying little beasty.The 15-inch class screen on this version is just right for these 60-year old eyes that have worn glasses since dirt was made, but I have a hit or two.  First, it was dramatically bright out of the box with blacks washed out and the light-blue text so prevalent on websites very washed out and difficult to read.  The good news is that the Intel graphics driver offered the needed adjustments to bring the brightness and contrasts under control and it even includes a text enhancement routine that capably took the harshness out of black text as delivered.  It still displays digital photos with way too much brightness and I have not been able to get it under control.  For basic multimedia / DVD movies and such the display is still serviceable with sharp imaging.  Other versions of this model can be equipped with cable/satellite/off-air TV tuners and connections.HP's bloat-ware was within reason and largely ranted on with on-line backup offers.  Windows 7 Home Premium now comes with scheduled system image and data file backup routines, but one must upgrade to PRO in order to back up over a network.  It will work with an attached external drive, so the on-line vendors are now relegated to those worried about fire and theft.  Win 7 networking is much improved and connected to all our shared resources within our home network without complaint.  However, it now comes configured with a 'Homegroup' system that has yet to make any sense to me over the "workgroup" method, which is now somewhat buried in the operating system.HP's included MediaSmart software also doesn't make intuitive sense especially with the photo display/editing features for basic snapshots.  Picasa is still hard to beat and the serious photos still go through Canon's Digital Photo Pro.  I also have a problem with an HP 'Web Printing' plug-in for Internet Explorer.  This piece allows for selecting a partial section of a web page screen for printing.  However, an HP update for this module has fully and fatally crashed Internet Explorer 8 within a week of buying the laptop.  This appears to be limited for reasons unknown since neither HP nor Microsoft has rushed to get it fixed and I didn't shed much of a tear over losing it as a bloated, boat-anchor browser in favor of Google Chrome.  But, for IE8 fans, get this ... Microsoft says that IE8 is now an integrated part of the operating system and does NOT offer an IE8 download for WIN 7. As a result, it shall now stay banished.Windows 7 also provides a relative performance rating routine for computer hardware.  At this writing, it is on a scale of 1-to-7.9 with design for future updating.  It rates individual hardware areas for performance and gives a score based on the single lowest scoring area ... it is NOT an average.  I don't see why you can't review this score on the store shelves in order to pick a laptop that meets your individual performance needs.  This HP rates 4.2 for its "Desktop Graphics" system, which speaks pretty darn well for the rest of the machine.  For a gaming screamer laptop, there are different DV6 derivations that score higher, but for a good, well equipped, feature rich system I think it's fair to say that the DV-2150 is a 'mainstream' screamer that does a ton of things exceptionally well under the hyperthread Intel i3 core.