I've been using a Macbook Air for a week now.  I have the 2011 13" ultimate: i7 1.8GHz, 4GB RAM, and 256SSD.  My main uses are Office for Mac 2011, Skype, internet video, ArcGIS/Windows 7, Mathmatica, Matlab, C/C++, objective-C, and Java. At the moment I mainly use the Air for writing documents.  I am trying to live with the Air as my primary machine and I plan to connect it to a thunderbolt monitor for additional screen real estate.Pros:The Air looks beautiful and Lion is an absolute pleasure to use.  The SSD makes it all work together.  The screen is gorgeous to look at under the right lighting conditions and the resolution is fantastic. The keyboard is generally good. The track pad is awesome and the diagonal cut of the case is much easier for writing on than my previous unibody macbook.Cons:* Build quality. The renowned Apple quality seems to be lacking in my unit. The space bar does not always respond and requires two press from time to time.  The F5 key needs to be hit multiple times in order to work. The case does not seem to fit properly in the lower right corner of the unit and flexes. The screen gets darker edges near the silver bezel.* Skype and facetime.  I find that the placement of the mic on the side of the unit is a disaster for these applications.  I am constantly responding to complaints about poor voice quality that only improves if I turn the machine on its side and speak directly into the mic.  Depending on your use this may not be a big problem, but it is for me.* The screen can be irritatingly reflective under fluorescent lighting, but I can usually adjust my position to compensate.  However, I usually need to use a low screen illumination to get reasonable battery life, which compounds any glare problems.  This is not a major issue unless you are sensitive to glare.* The battery life on my unit is not great.  The first two days I was impressed with 7+ hours.  A week later and I'm lucky to get 4 hours.  Disappointingly the unit does not always seem to hold a full charge.  I'm not even sure I could watch a full-length movie without mains power. Part of the problem is flash, but watching any video drains the battery at an alarming rate.  The battery monitor also does not seem to provide a reasonable estimate of remaining time.* When watching video I have noticeable screen stutter.  This could be a result of the streaming service I use, but I'm not sure.  It is not so bad that I would return the unit for it, but it is there and if you value smooth video then be sure to check it out carefully before you buy.* The Air gets blisteringly hot near the charger connection when running heavy applications. The fan comes on and battery life evaporates.  Some complain the fan is noisy, but my main problem is the impact on battery life.* The ram can only be maxed out at 4GB.  This is really annoying when you need to dual boot and is compounded by the graphics chip using main memory.* There are also two SSDs (Samsung and Toshiba) that the machine ships with. I ended up with the slower Toshiba drive.  I do get the beach ball from time to time, but I could not say that this is related to my unit shipping with the slower Toshiba drive.  Generally things are snappy.  However, instant on is not always instant. I don't know if this is related to the slower Toshiba drive or just the applications I have open.All in all this is a good machine, but not outstanding. I would say the Macbook Air has been seriously overhyped.  It has some strong points.  I enjoy using it and the portability and weight are outstanding.  However, I am genuinely frustrated by the mic placement and poor build quality.  There are solutions, but when you spend $1700 plus tax on a machine I think you have the right to expect it to work. The Toshiba drive is annoying, but may not be significant and the battery life is a worry.  I'm not sure how the machine will standup to the day-to-day grind.This unit is going back to the store and Apple deserves full credit for its return/refund policies.  The 14 day, no restocking fee, window offered to return or exchange a unit is outstanding.**** Update September 30:Apple's customer service is fantastic. Apple provided a new unit which seems to have fewer build quality problems: all the keys work, the unit shipped with the Samsung SSD, and the microphone is much better.  However, I still have problems with the microphone position and sensitivity and while battery life is better on this unit it is still not great for watching video.  Instant on is still not instant on, but I can support other reviewers who have not noticed any performance difference between the Samsung and Toshiba SSDs, although I'm glad I have the samsung drive. All-in-all my new Air deserves at least another 1/2 star, may be even a whole star because of Apple's customer service.