I got this latptop to replace my perpetually thermal shut-down HP Envy 17 2xxx series.  So far, I am very pleased.The Good:1.  Whenever I play Diablo 3 on the switchable ATI card on HP Envy17, it will result in certain thermal shut down, with or without the aid of a cooling pad.  The Asus G75vw, does not.  Heck, I don't even need a cooling pad for it.  Granted, it may have to do with the poor programing of the game, as when I played Elder Scolls: Skyrim, it rarely shut down (w/cooling pad).  But still...2.  Whenever the switchable ATI card on Envy17 is being used in multimedia/gaming, it sounds like a hair-dryer (low setting).  The Asus?  Quiet as always.3.  After using the Envy 17 for a while (ATI), the left side gets alarming hot.  I guess that is where the GPU resides.  The Asus?  Cool to the touch.4.  The HP Envy 17 has a good screen, but glossy.  Very reflective.  Asus uses matte screen.  Although colors are not as vibrant as HP, but in the long run, easy on the eye and reduce eye strain.5.  It may be thicker than the HP Envy 17, but due to its wedge shape, front thin, and gradually gets fatter towards the rare, it is actually not that much thicker.  It is certainly slimmer than its older cousins, the G74/G73 series.6.  Finally, it has 3x USB 3.0 ports + Display port + VGA (useful for occasional work).7.  The track-pad is greatly improved and responsive, unlike that of the Envy17, which is un-usable.The Bad:1.  How the heck do I replace the wireless module?  The default Athero chip only supports 2.4Ghz wireless N band, not the 5Ghz band.  Which is lame.  I need it to stream HD contents and sync large files with my WHS server.  I want to replace it with an Intel one that does.  But it appears Asus moved it to the top, beneath the keyboard now (I assume).  This, will make DIY like me cringe.  Without a service manual, I don't want to open it in fear that I may break something in the process.  Bad design.  Anybody got a manual?2.  Still using a tray loading optical drive.  Come on Asus, I would much prefer you omit the optical drive.  Or at least do what HP Envy 17 does:  slot loading.  It will strengthen the overall laptop chasis as well.3.  No switchable graphics?  Where is Nvidia Optimus?  Mine is not the 3D version, so it should be able to.  Wasted the great built-in intel 4000 series graphics.  Also, it will greatly reduce its battery life.  On my HP Envy 17, I could get over 7 hours surfing in power saving mode using extended battery.4.  After cleaning install on an SSD, I can not seem to get the hot keys working.  I install the proper keyboard filter/ATKACPI/hotkey drivers.  Why won't it work?  Annoying.  I must have missed something.5.  The audio output via headphone is problematic.  I use external speakers.  I often have to disconnect it and reconnect it to enable the sound output to go to the headphone port, not the internal speakers.  A software bug, Asus?Overall, I am still very happy with this laptop.  I love its matte and muted design.  Very serious looking, not flashy like that of MSI GT70, its closet competitor.Update:Now that I have had it for over a month now, still love it.1.  The hotkeys work now.  I guess I have to press the Fn key + the corresponding keys.2.  Finally found on the web how to open the system up to swap the wireless module.  Since I will upgrade it with an intel 6300, I will have to wire the 3rd antenna under the LCD bezel too.  Looking forward to it.3.  The sound issue is increasing annoying.  Very annoying.  Will there be a fix for it?  I think I will contact Asus Support.Update 2:1.  I finally replace the stock wireless module with an Intel 6235 one.  Well worth taking it apart, I would say.  Also, Asus placed the screw specs next to the holes was very helpful.  Kudos to Asus.2.  I finally solved the audio issue:  update to newest firmware seemed to have fixed it.  But I bought a used Creative USB sound card and it sounded much better and worked beautifully.  Since the laptop will be sitting on the desk as a desktop replacement, it worked out fine.Still love it.  No problem, quiet, and works fine.  I still can not find another laptop that can come close to its performance and price.