I got this laptop for my wife because I thought she would like it - turns out she loves it. So do I. My laptop is the Asus 53sw gaming one and is very fast. But, for web browsing the Chromebook is much preferred.Jean mostly web browsed, emailed, etc using a dual-core HP running Windows 7 and mostly Google applications - email, chrome browser, docs, etc. She transitioned to the Chromebook without a hiccup.The Chromebook is light, quiet (no fan noise) and very portable, cool (sets on lap without burning legs), fast, easily maintained with no worries about virsus, maleware, updates, maintenance, slow-downs with age, etc. Just exactly what she needs to be self sufficient (no help from me - ever. She finds that very liberating).The matte screen is sharp, bright and beautiful. It is easily usable outdoors. Videos look great on it.Sound is good and music sounds good on it. The volume could be a little greater but otherwise it sounds very good.The keyboard is very good and is preferred over my Asus.The matte touchpad is large, very responsive and easy to use. Again better than my Asus which is no slouch.The case doesn't show finger prints and is easy to clean. Browsing is top-notch and very fast and smooth. We have found no limitations to our browsing experience compared with our Windows 7 machines. In fact for browsing the Chromebook is better because it starts instantly (we don't turn it off) and there is no waiting around for it to "wake up".Hers has no problem with Wifi staying connected. It has been connected for 3 days now with no disconnects.I recommend this for anyone who is sick of the virsus's, maintenance problems, update aggravation of Windows 7, etc and who uses google applications such as Gmail, Chrome browser, etc.  If you like the idea of the Chromebook but don't use Google applications I recommend that you sign up for a Gmail account and try Google for awhile. If you like their applications then you are a canidate for the Chromebook. I actually prefer the Chromebook over a tablet when portability is not the ultimate goal.Update- After 20 days Chromebook developed the dreaded disconnect problem. A work around is to shutdown and cold start. Amazon will replace it but I don't have much hope that will fix it. At this point I don't recommend it at all. I would wait for the 3rd generation since neither Google nor Samsung seems able to fix the problem.Update #2 - Discovered wife's Chromebook disconnects only (when it sleeps) while on battery power. It does not ever disconnect while plugged in or while it is being used. When it disconnects either a cold start or a manual wireless reconnect fixes the problem until it disconnects again. Based on this information the problem is easily worked around in our situation. We just plug it in when not using it. Because of this flaw we dropped the rating by one star. Still useful to her even with the documented behavior.