When I first unpacked this and set it up I was very excited - the machine itself is solid and functional, screen is great, keyboard quite good for a laptop.  However, two sets of issues have presented sufficient frustration that I don't think I will ever again buy a Dell product.The first to appear is the huge amount of preloaded software, some of which is very difficult to get rid of.  Central in annoyance is the row of huge tiles across the center of the screen for quick access to all the stuff I will never ever use, totally blocks the screen until you find the little "x" to get rid of it until next time. I probably spent 3 hours figuring out how to make it go away permanently.I don't know if it's Dell or the new version of windows, but it is all but impossible to get rid of those silly useless little logo tiles - and again it took several hours even to figure out how to control them.  Documentation is seriously crappy, and there is no support.I use a wireless transmitter so I can listen to Pandora, as well as to the music I have stored on my hard drive and play them on my stereo in the other room.  Almost every time I want to use the transmitter for Pandora, I have to configure the machine to send the signal out through the wireless instead of to the built in speakers (which are tinny, good for nothing beyond talking on Skype).  Again - documentation is crappy; the little pictures on the devices menu say it is hooked up and running, and it takes an hour or longer to figure out how to get it to work.  Often I have to play something through RealPlayer (which for some reason does go to the transmitter) - then I turn off RealPlayer and, like magic, Pandora comes out of the living room speakers.  But next time I turn it on, it's through the tinny little built-ins again and I have to go through the whole routine all over again.I bought a wireless printer with the package.  Same problem - the cute little pictures say it is "ready" but when I print the job goes to a file, not to the printer.  Every time I want to print something, it takes an hour or longer to figure out how to get the printer to work - I often have to go through the entire setup again.I've had this machine for over a month, have wasted probably 20 hours trying to iron out the bugs, and it still isn't working right, and Dell offers absolutely no support.The menu of little pictures they have in place of the former detailed system menu is worthless.  Very few options, almost none of what you need in order to get rid of the cutesy crap and clutter or make the peripherals work.Great engineering, terrible software and interfaces, almost no documentation, help menu worthless, and far too much pre-loaded junk. This is the 4th Dell machine I've bought - and the last.