This laptop is the best value for your money anywhere on the market. Period. Comparable laptops are running $500 more. Plusses are; SLI 750 graphics! High quality 1080p Full HD screen, high quality back lit keyboard, the best speakers I've ever heard from a laptop, very easy access to ram and HDD for upgrading (and wont void your warranty per Lenovo tech support), overall build quality and Lenovo warranty. Having said that, I have some complaints.First and probably the worst offense of all, the stock cooling is so insufficient that Lenovo actually disabled turbo boost on the processor while the GPU (s) are under load. This cuts down on your processing power considerably, which for me is a big let down. I use this laptop for 3d CAD and development as well as a little gaming. This is absolutely unacceptable, especially because it's just pure laziness for failing to design a proper cooling solution from the beginning... And then hiding it from the customers, hoping we won't notice.Second; the false advertising that this laptop comes with a secondary solid state cache drive is just that, false advertising. It comes with 1 incredibly slow 5400 rpm hard drive that has an 8 gb cache built in. There is no option to add a second drive internally without the Ultrabay, although the motherboard is already set up for it. This is another place this unit suffers because almost all offerings in this class have two internal drives and usually already include SSD's. For the price, I can overlook that it doesnt come with the SSD, but not that they just didnt solder the connection for the 2nd drive onto the motherboard and instead reserved it for the more expensive model. The included hard drive is so extremely slow that it's nearly unusable and made worse by this particular unit only having 6 gb of ram. If you plan on getting the most out of this unit, invest in a solid state drive (I suggest the Samsung 840 evo, amazing drive at an even better price). With a solid state drive, this unit works great despite only having 6 gigs of ram and no turbo boost. Without the SSD, be prepared to be frustrated at the astoundingly long and very frequent load times.Third; the track pad is TERRIBLE. Use a mouse.Fourth; LOTS OF BLOATWARE, and no Windows 8 CD to do a clean install.I didn't have the WiFi issues that others have had, perhaps it's been resolved from the factory now. Also, post upgrading to Windows 8.1 and upgrading the video drivers, I was able to successfully re-enable SLI, so it appears this has been fixed as well.I wouldn't bother with the ultra bay accessories. For as much as they cost, you could buy an external HD enclosure or an external dvd drive and still keep your 2nd graphics card installed without risk of damaging it.TL;DR ***BUY THIS LAPTOP***, but IMO a solid state drive is a must have for this unit. Consider spending more for the I7 version if your budget will allow it. If you are just gaming, this unit will work brilliantly. Did I mention to buy a solid state drive?