First, you need to understand the ChromeOS and what it's all about.  I won't cover that here except to say it's pretty nifty if you know what you want and that happens to be a secure environment for working online in "the cloud" (but still like to have the capability of occasional local music, videos, and such for casual viewing).  My main focus in this review is on the hardware and that is because the Samsung Series 5 550 is, currently, about the best of the lot for the price and especially so if you can find a good, used item at a lower price.  At $579, I think it's not a great value, but at around 300-350 it becomes a better deal.The 550 is well made, looks very nice, and has the best performance of any of the ChromeBooks available at the moment (excluding the new Google Pixel model which is still an unknown to me at this point[Update the Google Pixel is at least twice as fast - but also twice the cost. But it is sweet!]).  I have several of the first Acer models which I got for around $200 and I have been very happy with them.  But occasionally, they lack sufficient power (streaming HD videos, for example).  So when I had a chance to pick up one of these used at around $330, I went for it (and glad I did!).The screen is about the same, Acer's are a little better, but the color is good.  Contrast ratio is average (i.e. poor!).  Viewing angles are poor/average as usual, unfortunately, but on a small screen like this, you can get by.  The screen is quite fine for web browsing, email and such, but not so fine for movies (acceptable but not good at all if you're used to better quality displays). The speakers, however, are better than average for a small laptop like this and actually good enough for casual movie watching.  Of course, you can always use external speakers for even better sound. (Update: Speakers have pretty good stereo separation and quality when listening to music.  Not much bass or power, but a nice clean sound. Better than average.)You get the usual 2 USB 2.0 ports, an SD card slot (as others have noted, the card sticks out a bit, not a deal killer, but something to be aware of).  You get Ethernet, DisplayPort, an 3.5 mm audio out (headphones level) and so on.  Nothing special except for the 4 GB RAM which is double what you get on most ChromeBooks and a welcome bonus. Very decent keyboard and touchpad. (Update: Keyboard and touchpad are very nice, much better than average.  Two fingered scrolling is very smooth.)As I use more of these devices, I've come to really appreciate the Google sync up that automatically syncs my setup and info over multiple devices.  And, of course, the instant on/off convenience of the ChromeOS.  Acer's low cost models are still the best value, in my opinion, but if you specifically need the higher performance (many will not), this is your only choice. (And this is definitely a nicer looking rig.)All in all, a very decent unit, and the fastest CPU currently available in a ChromeBook.  (Update: Except for this: Super Google Chromebook Pixel (WIFI) Touch Screen 12.85" 2560x1700 3:2 LCD i5-3427U 4GB DDR3 32GB SSD 3.4lbs Ultraportable)  I enjoy using it very much.(Update: Super battery life with no drain. Came back after several weeks and still had a full 90% battery which was where it was when I turned it off.  Not a small thing in my opinion. Some notebooks are notorious for draining the battery even when "off."}