I purchased this Asus when my 4 year old Toshiba Qosmio needed to be replaced. I read the great reviews about this laptop here on Amazon, and had high expectations.It's now been 3 weeks sine I received this, and honestly I am hard-pressed to imagine how anyone could refer to this laptop as "fast." While it looks good, and it feels quality, the performance is another matter entirely.Problems:- Terrible at holding an internet connectionWhen closing and reopening I constantly have to "re-find" my connection. No, it has nothing to do with signal strength, as my 4 year old Toshiba has never had a problem with this. In fact, I have them both in the same room, and my Toshiba will locate twice as many available connections as the Asus. Not only that, the Toshiba is ready to use the second I open it. The Asus I have to wait 45 - 60 seconds for it to re-establish a connection. Might not sound like much, but it grows tiresome very quickly, to the point I've begun to hate using this.- Internet BrowsingI figured with the i7 and 12 gb of memory that multi-tasking with this laptop wouldn't be a problem. Wrong.  It is not uncommon for me to have 15 - 25 tabs open as I multi-task quite often. With my Toshiba, I often have as many as 35 - 40 tabs, and it never broke a sweat. With the Asus, I am forced to contantly monitor how many tabs I have open as the entire screen begins to freeze, and the 'processing/working" icon pops up and makes me wait 15 -20 seconds while it attempt to do something as simple as register that I just clicked on a link. In fact, even while writing this review, I've had to stop 4 times already as my words will not appear on the screen for 20 - 30 seconds as the Asus struggles to keep up since I have 10 tabs open.Honestly, I can recall using my old HP back in 2007 that had no problem keeping up with 15 - 20 tabs being open simultaneously. It disturbs me that in 2013 this mid-level laptop struggles. My productivity is being impacted, and I am certain I will end up returning this due to the extremely poor performance. There are other complaints as well, but the above should be enough to make anyone think twice about purchasing.It's a shame really because I really do like the looks of this laptop. It looks and feels great, and he monitor is as crisp and bright as I could hope for. But the wretched performance kills any desire I have to hold onto this machine. Looks like Toshiba will be getting a repeat customer from me. I just put the two machines side by side, and the 4 year old Toshiba obliterates the Asus in every aspect. (The sad part is the Asus has nothing on it - Whereas the Toshiba has over 400 gigs of content on the Hard-drive, and about 2 dozen major software programs running - Yet it is still quicker than the new, out of the box Asus.)I will contact support first in the hopes that there could be a solution and report back if performance improves