The idea of having a Windows 8 convertible with 10+ hours of battery life with Office 2013 included for $400 seemed like a bad infomercial promise, but it turned out to be true for my purposes.  I was looking for a second computer that could do fairly basic Windows stuff and multimedia while also being very compact and having a long battery life.I had previously purchased an Atom-based Asus netbook that was atrociously slow and only lasted a few hours, plus the fan was annoyingly loud.Here are my findings:GOOD:- The T100 is as fast as you need a second computer to be.  MS Office runs smoothly, all videos play well and it's never slowed down terribly so far.  I haven't run any processor-intensive stuff yet like Photoshop or Crisis, but that's not why I purchased it.- The screen is rather nice.  It's an IPS WXGA screen, which pales in comparison to some 1080p phones, but for a 10.2" netbook, it works well.  Text is readable and videos look great.  The brightness isn't spectacular and the reflectivity is high, but it's very crisp and the viewing angles are excellent.- There are no fans.  It runs cool.  It runs silent.- The speakers are better than my 17" laptop.  Not great in the bass department, but they're loud.  I just wish they were facing forward instead of backward.- It's super light and compact.  I'm able to read holding just the screen and the whole package, including the keyboard, fits nicely into the Kensington tablet sling I just purchased.- The construction is solid.  Yes, the lid and screen are smudge-prone, but it's all solid state and thoughtfully arranged...for a $400 piece of hardware.BAD:- The WiFi is a bit wonky.  When I wake my computer, sometimes the WiFi won't work but when I just turn the laptop's WiFi antenna off and on, everything goes back to normal.- The charger is as slow as people are reporting.  Sometimes it charges fairly slowly, other times, not at all.  Still working that out.- The trackpad is annoying and unpredictable.  Once I turned off the tap-to-click feature, it was much more manageable except the trackpad clicks are conspicuously loud.  Remedied by a bluetooth mouse.OTHER THOUGHTS:- I appreciate the microSD slot.  I put in a 64GB chip and it works great.- Some have complained about the single-antenna WiFi, but it hasn't bothered me at all.  Streaming music and video is not a problem.- The tablet doesn't fit in immediately so you kind of have to wiggle it in so it will fit flush with the keyboard.- Windows 8.1 presents a learning curve.  It's also not the greatest OS for a tablet computer.  But once you get used to the quirks, it's not a dealbreaker.- The keyboard is small but totally usable.  With its weird layout and lack of backlighting, it's not great in the dark, but otherwise, it's fine.IN SUM:For me, this computer does everything I expect it to do.  It's tiny, relatively fast and the battery life is tops.  That said, there are many idiosyncrasies that you must contend with.  WiFi, keyboard and charging require some fiddling, but maybe those things will be ironed out in future updates.All in all, it's a great piece of hardware.  If you're looking for something that has the portability of a tablet but the functionality of a laptop for $400, it's an amazing deal that can't be beat.  For the price, there are better laptops and there are better tablets, but as a low-priced combo, it's a grand slam.