I bought a Toshiba Laptop in August and I have had an absolutely AWFUL experience with Toshiba since the day I got this thing. On several occasions I have met with INEPT Technical and Customer Service staff and whenever my call was forwarded to a "Manager" the person basically reiterated the feedback from the staff, and on two occasions were RUDE and absolutely NO HELP AT ALL. When I mentioned in my last call that Toshiba Executives need to know how their customers are being treated and that I CANNOT recommend their computers to anyone in good conscience, I was told "suit yourself." To give you an idea of ALL the headaches I have undergone since I bought my computer....here is a short list:1) My computer came with Windows Vista and kept crashing. Toshiba's Tech. people said that it was due to "glitches" with the operating system and said that I would have to back up my data and re-install the OS. Remember people, this is a NEW computer that is supposedly under warranty! Their Tech. people also had the nerve to tell me that they "did not have the training" to tell me how to back up my data and once I took it to Best Buy and PAID to have my data backed up, then they could tell me how to reload the OS!2)Also, when I purchased the computer, there was a catalog insert in the Toshiba packaging that offered a 3-year extended warranty for 15% off. However, when I called Toshiba to buy the warranty, AGAIN, their Customer NON-Service people quoted me a price that was almost $100 more than the price in the catalog and told me that they did not know anything about the reduced price offered to purchasers of new Toshiba computers. When I told them that the catalog was sent INSIDE the Toshiba computer box that was sent to me from Amazon.com, they told me that I would need to "find a Kinkos and fax a copy of the catalog" to them "for review" and they will "see if the management will honor it"!!!!!!!!!3)Finally, to add insult to injury -- when I purchased this computer, I was offered a "FREE" upgrade to Windows 7, but when I went online I found out that I had to PAY almost $12 for "shipping and handling". Okay, I swallowed that insult, but THEN after 25 minutes entering all the order info. the Toshiba site would not allow me to enter in my Credit Card number to pay for the thing. When I called their Customer Service people, they had NO CLUE what to tell me. After 45 MINUTES -- and after talking with 4 different people -- they FINALLY transferred me to a "Manager" who ALSO had NO idea what to do and said that "I guess the website must be having problems, so try again later"!!!Look, all I can say to anyone who wants to buy a Toshiba is BUYER BEWARE. Their Tech. people have NO CLUE, their Customer Service is INEPT and their Management is DISGUSTINGLY RUDE!!! Dealing with Toshiba is a NIGHTMARE! Consider yourselves warned!