I just picked up this nifty piece of equipment today at a local big box store.  I've read as many reviews as I could get my hands on and I will probably recap many of the same points.Context: I got this computer as a second device, mainly to work with Pages 'O9 documents and PDF files.  I am writing a dissertation and plan on using this computer as the primary vehicle in my writing.  I will use my other computer to store my music, family photos and videos.AESTHETICS & BUILD- This is a beautiful computer, elegant in lines, and also stunning to the touch.  All the surfaces feel smooth and solid.  The screen is very crisp, more than my macbook i think, and offers what appears to be a very small resolution.  You can really pack a lot on to this smaller screen.  Using the computer on hard surface feels very stable, there is wiggling or rocking.SPEED - The computer feels surprisingly snappy for the rather low-end processor speed.  From what I gather, the solid state drive enhances the speed of the processor to provide a rather smooth experience.  I've been testing that a bit, and, I had pages open, a video running in Hulu, and everything went well.  If I could have, I would have went with the 4 gb memory instead of the two.  This computer isn't going to set any speed records, but it is fine for the average user i think.BATTERY - I will update this when i have more information after using it.SPEAKERS - The speakers are only so-so, about the same as other macs.  And, something that i found annoying is that the speakers are sort of implanted under the keyboard.  If you want to listen to music while typing up a word document, you feel vibrations from the music coming though.  the simple thing is just to plug in a pair of headphones.REMOTE FEATURE - the Air has this feature that allows you to wireless connect to and run a drive on another computer in your wireless network, or, also tranfer files.  I think this is going to come in very handy.  But admittedly, I have yet to see what will happen.  I have connected my own generic optical drive today to install Iwork 09 and worked fine.  Although the thing looks like a beast compared to this little laptop.MULTITIOUCH PAD - I have an older macbook and hadn't experienced the new features of this trackpad.  I was thinking that I might have use up one of the two USB ports on an external mouse.  Now, I am considering leaving the mouse at home!  This little trackpad packs a lot of effective multitouch features enabling easy scrolling, zooming in an out on webpages, and other moves I have yet to learn.  Very sweet.LACK OF COMPUTER LOCK - Most full size laptops come equipped with a little hole to attach a security lock to make sure no one swipes your computer when you are the library or coffee shop. The Air does not have one.  I am disappointed with that.  But, as small as this thing is, and as fast as it boots up and wakes from sleep, I could probably just bring it with me whenever I leave the table.Overall, this computer is going to have some trade offs, as many reviews across the web have noted.  You are trading: built in optical drive, large storage capacity, and speed for a highly-mobile, enjoyable to use computer, then I think you will be very satisfied.  This thing is WAY better than your average netbook and only a little less functional than the macbook or macbook pro.  I would stress though that 128 gb of a hard drive is what i have and I would not go smaller than that.  Great computer.