Okay,  so I literally just got this computer from the delivery dude about 1 hour ago.  I should say I got the refurbished model from a reseller called Secondipity.  The product itself seems to be in pretty good condition and seems pretty close to new at least in appearance.  The packaging it arrived in though was a little unsettling as it was just the laptops box itself with little to no padding on the inside of the box and the laptop floating in the box suspended by just balled up brown manila packing paper, so it could have easily been crushed or broken by the slightest bump in the truck.... but so far so good working wise... but this is just my first few hours with it so we'll see if any problems develop.UPDATE:  After a few hours with the computer, I realized the home key on the numeric keypad, which I hadn't noticed at first since I almost never use it is not flush with the keyboard and is coming off.  The key is loose and just by tapping it begins to come off some more.  I am going to have to contact the seller to have this fixed.  It should not have shipped like this.As for the computer itself, the design is beautiful, possibly nicer than a much more expensive Macbook.  Sound quality is much better than a macbook since it has Beats.  It has no DVD/CD drive, which I thought I could live without, but for installing my printer driver this is proving to be a pain, since it costs to download the driver off the web and I don't have an external CD/DVD drive.Screen quality is extremely nice and easy to read and bright.  Mostly in love with the product, but processor is much slower than I anticipated for a quad core.  I am used to the i7 in my other laptop which isn't even the fastest i7....this puppy's AMD A8 is nowhere near as fast as the i7 which I barely seem to bring over 2-5% in normal use, this thing is running at 45% just surfing the web, installing updates and listening to spotify.  I bought this for doing my photoshop work and for creative writing so I don't monopolize the family laptop, but...I see I'm going to have to be used to somewhat slower speeds or doing fewer simultaneous tasks even though this is a quad core.Moral of the story, not all quad cores are created equal...running this guy feels about the same speed maybe a little slower than the two year old Core i5 laptop I have from work, but it depends on the task, just moving around the operating system feels snappier, but the rest is about the speed of my work i5.Disk access is much slower than the other laptops I'm used to, and this surprises me because they also have 5400 rpm drives...my i7 has a caching mechanism though so that probably speeds that guy up considerably.  I will probably come to replacing the hard drive with an SSD at some point.