I looked into purchasing this computer from the Apple Store, from Best Buy, or from Amazon.  Ultimately, I chose Amazon because of the fact that I did not have to pay sales taxes (depends on which state you live in).  Also, Amazon made it easy to get the appropriate Square Trade warranty with it, which is cheaper than the Apple Care, but based on my readings from other customers, is just as good.This particular model (256GB SSD, 8GB RAM) is the sweet spot in terms of pricing and features, particularly for the 13" model.  The 256 SSD is a bit faster than the 128GB SSD in terms of write speeds, and I believe that if you have an external drive for large files that you do not use frequently (e.g., Time Capsule), then 256GB would be plenty of data for most people.If you can get Education Pricing from Apple, I would personally recommend that you consider going to the Apple website to purchase the model with 256GB SSD and an upgraded 16GB of RAM, which would cost 1579 plus tax (with the education discount).  I could not find a 16GB model on Amazon as of early November 2013.  I have found that 8GB of RAM will probably be fine for me, but I am having to be more mindful of how many programs I have open than I would like to be.  Plus, who knows what programs will come out in the future that might benefit from more RAM.  I am hoping that this computer lasts me at least a few years, and I can never upgrade the RAM.  However, I do want to reiterate that 8GB of RAM is working fine for me right now.I briefly owned a Macbook Air when they came out with the new version in June 2013; however, I returned it because I wanted to purchase a computer with a Retina display.  I am very happy that I waited until this computer came out.  It is only a half of a pound heavier than the Air, it is significantly more powerful, and it has the awesome display.  I personally appreciate reading text more on this computer than on non-Retina displays.I am a first-time Mac owner (except for brief stint with the Air earlier this year), and I am enjoying the transition.  For me, the trackpad is my favorite part.  Once you get used to the many gestures, it is easy to transition between applications, launch new ones, manipulate text, zoom in and out, swipe back to your previous page, etc.  After a week of heavy use, I can definitely see myself sticking with Mac.  I will update the review if I change my mind for some reason.So far, so good.  Enjoy your purchase :)Update 11.9.13: Apple has released an update to fix the trackpad problem that some of the other reviews mentioned.I continue to use the laptop heavily, and I am definitely impressed by the battery.  The actual battery life totally depends on how many programs you've got running.  I have found that with several tabs in Safari and maybe one other program (e.g., iTunes), I can get the 9-10 hours that Apple claims.  When I've got Safari and Chrome with several tabs, Garageband, iTunes, KeyNote, Pocket, the App Store going, I'm getting closer to 7 hours, which is still pretty good.As far as the heat goes, I have not actually measured the temperature, but it has not caused me any problems.  I personally try to position laptops carefully on my lap (as all guys should per men's health research), but other than that, I have not found myself worrying about it.The sound quality is pretty good, better than the 13" Air.  It's easy to adjust the volume even at night because of the awesome backlit keyboard.  The volume buttons are easily accessible.  I suggest that you disable the annoying sound feedback that indicates you have changed the volume (it is especially annoying when wearing headphones).For other first-time Mac users, I suggest that you find websites that give keyboard shortcuts, and that you dedicate time making these shortcuts as well as the trackpad gestures second-nature.  The earlier you can get those movements in your muscle memory, the faster you will feel that the laptop obeys your wishes :)