I deliberately took my time before coming up with this review just so I'd have time to know the type of product I was dealing with. Here's my well-analyzed review of this laptop: This product, by far, is the WORST computer that anyone can ever use!!! And I say this with substantial fact.First of all, the inferior hardware is evident. It's made of low quality plastic material that gives it a fake toy appearance. The keyboard is a write-off! Just like the rest of the other parts, it's made of cheap plastic that looks very oily on touch, even if your hands are dry and ashy. In addition to this, the letters and symbols on the keys look just like an amateur's messy painting. That's for the keyboard.Now, on to the USB. The USB ports are the worst ever! The first time you insert any USB plug into it, it will feel like putting a square peg in a round hole. You'll practically wrestle with it just to get the USB cable in. Now, this is one of my true experiences with this inferior-quality product. Pulling the USB out, after successfully wrestling with the USB port on entry, is just as hard as pushing it in. The very first time I pushed my wireless mouse key into one of the USBs (this was the very first time I used this port), it got stuck. I tried every maneuver I could think of to get it out, but all my efforts were futile. Finally, I called hp customer care and they provided me with a repairs center address where I took the computer to for the USB to be freed. Although they succeeded in removing the wireless mouse key, I lost the key. To free the key, they had to break it off. So, the repair cost me my wireless key and consequently resulted in me spending more money to replace the mouse.Let's move on to the CAP lock key. The CAP Lock key has a tiny indicator light on it that shows the mode (Upper case or Lower case) in use. This light comes on when it feels like it. In other words, it has a mind of its own. Therefore, it makes it frustrating to toggle between both modes. Imagine where you have to enter passwords several times because the Cap Lock malfunctions. Re-booting doesn't even fix this issue.Finally, the in-built mouse is badly designed. The buttons are flush with the edge of the computer, which results in accidental button punch. Most computers, are designed with these two buttons positioned at lease one inch from the edge of the computer. The solution to this is locking the mouse before use, and attaching an external mouse. But, does one have to buy a mouse? I think the owner should be allowed the freedom to use what he/she desires; this bad design imposes the use of an external mouse on the user, which I perceive as terrible.The long and short of my review and warning is for you to change your mind right this moment if you're planning on buying this dismal toy!! Don't waste your time and money. Just don't buy it!!!