I bought this at Best Buy the other day for $750 ($806 after tax) so I can't really recommend buying this on Amazon unless they price match.  I wanted a replacement for my Lenovo Twist that I bought last November, which disappointed me with it's poor battery life, loud fan, and fairly high amounts of heat.  It was also a bit bulky, though on paper its only slightly bigger than the Yoga 11.I had trouble finding a Haswell powered 11S and the Yoga 2 Pro - while extremely appealing with that insanely high resolution screen - was just a bit too expensive.  I ended up buying an older Yoga 11 (RT Tegra 3) and was certainly pleased with the battery life and form factor though the performance was lacking.  A week later I was able to find one at Best Buy, though I wish they offered it in Clementine/Orange color.  I've been messing around with both quite a bit since then.  The Yoga 11 (RT) seems to be doing better in performance especially in regards to web browsing - I assume this is due to it storing files from the sites I frequent.  It works well in most cases and the battery life is really amazing.  I have been comparing it a lot to the Yoga 11S I purchased, which has a very long battery life (at least 2-3x my Twist).The screen on both laptops is pretty much identical, I am not a visual junkie so aside from the 11S maybe being a smidge brighter, I can't tell any difference at all; though it wouldn't surprise me if they were in fact the exact same display panel.  That said, I really wish the 11S came with at least a 1600x900 or a 1920x1080 display.  I think that would make it just about perfect.  It's a great display as is, however it does have a fair bit of glare and reflection.The Haswell processor also offers a much needed boost in battery life.  I wouldn't say I was disappointed in the performance, but the 4210Y i5 offers substantially less power than the 3317u i5 in my Twist - but the added battery life more than makes up for this.  It is still much zippier than the Tegra 3 powered RT tablet and offers the benefit of running full Windows 8.  It's also much cooler running, I barely notice the heat from the tablet and even though the fan is often running it is much quieter than the Twist's fan and has a more subdued hum to it.  I ran a PCMark 8 battery life test under the creative settings and got about 4 hours 45 minutes with the screen brightness turned up most of the way, WiFi on and Bluetooth off.  This was on Balanced power settings.  I've used it on "Power Saver" settings and it gets closed to 7 hours though performance seems to take an additional hit.  Battery life could be better, but it's so much better than the Twist I can't really complain.The keyboard on the 11S is actually slightly different than the older 11RT.  In fact if you hold them side by side you can see the base of the 11S is slightly thicker, I think Lenovo says .07inches thicker.  It's not noticeable unless you hold them side by side and even then it doesn't make too much of a difference.  I would assume this is to give a little extra room for the fan, although the keyboard keys do not have as much give on the 11S either and that is a little bit annoying.  The X key is already sort of stuck down or at least the spring has lost most of its rebound on my 11S and given that the keyboard already has slightly less give than the 11 RT it bothers me.  Aside from that they keyboard is excellent, I'm glad that Lenovo swapped the left Control and Function key from how it was on the Twist.  The soft touch palmrests on the 11S and 11 RT is also slightly different.  The 11 (RT) doesn't seem to attract sweat prints from your palms as much and neither does the track pad.  It looks cheaper than the metal grained finish on the 11S but I think it works better.  One last complaint - and this is for both the 11S and 11 RT - the track pad seems to work fine but the mouse buttons are integrated into the trackpad, meaning you push the trackpad down to click - and the 11 RT has a bad habit of not always pressing the correct one (left/right click) while the 11S doesn't do a very good job of registering clicks at all.If I were to change the 11S lineup, I would offer a cheaper Bay Trail powered version with 64GB of storage and keep the 720p screen.  It'd be a great buy at $600 because the build quality of the Yoga is superb.  I would change the i5 powered version to a 1080p screen and keep the price around $800-$900.  Aside from that I can't really find too much to complain about.  It's a great buy, battery life is good but not great, build quality is great except for the trackpad and keyboard issue on the 11S.  Processor offers an excellent level of performance while allowing this form factor to stay cool and relatively quiet.  I have already recommended these tablets to all my friends as I feel it offers the best compromise of any convertible out there.