So, i just got this about 2 days ago, and so far, all is looking well! I'm gonna try to go in-depth for those of on on the fence.Windows 8: Was my biggest concern because of the new interfaceA really neat guide to Windows 8 ---> [...]Actually really cool. Main thing most people worry about is the new interface and no desktop menu. But I found out that it does indeed have a desktop menu that looks just like Windows Vista/XP/7. It's actually an "app?" on the start menu that opens up a desktop that resembles the interface we all know and love. The taskbar is there, you can still create app shortcuts, there's a recycling bin, everything except the start menu, which you switch to by moving the mouse into the lower left corner and clicking. So, basically, it's still the same desktop from Vista/XP/7 with a start menu that has its own page. And if you put the mouse into the upper or lower right hand corner, it has your system settings, system search bar (formerly the "Run as" search box), devices, etc. Everything is nice and smooth. Actually really good, better than I expected.Normal Day use: Great all around, could be a replacement desktopNot much to say, it delivers what you need and more. You'll be set for a while.Battery: Not greatIt is a gaming laptop after all, so battery isn't so reliable. Great if it's gonna be used around your house. Don't expect it to be too portable.Exterior: GoodLike how it looks and feels. Touchpad is nice and responsive. Not really any complaints.Gaming: The fun yet tragic part of this laptopOk, read the WHOLE thing. There's a good and bad part. So the bad part of this laptop is the super spectacular GeForce GTX 660M graphics card. Well, it's a hit or miss really. Some people have had it work out really well, can run ALL the new games too. Unfortunately, many people like me have a glitch in the Nvidia card where it causes artifacts or distortion of the games, ANY game, lags them up, freezes them, crashes them, etc. It's a hardware problem, so there's no current fix for it. Just about everyone is getting a replacement, and most replacements work the first time. Now the good part! It comes with a Intel HD 4000 graphics card as well, which is supposed to be for the regular use stuff, BUT it's actually really good, at least for me. I can play Borderlands 2 with textures and graphics on high and everything else turned down PERFECTLY! No lag, freezes, etc whatsoever. And even better, I can play Far Cry 3 with all setting turned down except for water reflection PERFECTLY! I emphasize PERFECTLY because its delivering far better than it's supposed to, since it's considered crap, at least by Nvidia. So, even the lowly Intel graphics card can pack a punch in this machine. No doubt the turbo boosted quad-core CPU and 6 GB RAM help tremendously. I did order a replacement to see if I can get it fixed, but, to be honest,  I don't really need it. I got this to play current and old games I couldn't before, so I'm set. I'm willing to bet the Intel can go a little farther too before becoming obsolete. So, if you're only expecting to play a few current generation games, you can't go wrong.Verdict: 4/5This is one super charged beast that can put some desktops to shame! It's gaming abilities is second to none (if you can get it to work, that is) and completely destroys the restrictions put in place by it being a laptop. It's quad cores and turbo boosted GPU will no doubt deliver years of powerful performance, and it's RAM (boostable to 16, not 8) will make sure that you are able to play any game you want, no matter how much of a RAM hog it is (*ahem Minecraft). But the hit or miss performance of the Nvidia card has you basically flipping a coin on if it is a lemon or a rocket. Even still though, I am thoroughly impressed with it's performance!Edit 1/11/13Alright, so I managed to fix the graphical problem with the Nvidia crad by underclocking it's memory clock. Everything runs great now, and I'm proud to say gaming doubts aren't a problem anymore. But, it runs hot. REALLY hot. After playing Far Cry 3 for about 25 minutes, the game started to lag a little and I noticed that the heat coming from the exhaust thing was hotter than I ever felt while using the Intel card. So, a cooling pad is a must if you plan on gaming. It's weird though, because it wasn't that hot after I played Battlefield Bad Company 2 for about an hour. So, bewarned about its heat.