Hi everyone, I have had this beautiful laptop (ruby red) for a week now. It is a quality built laptop (made of aluminum alloy) and is often compared to the mac due to its quality build. It has windows 8 which I am getting used to (coming from Windows Vista). I love the 3.0 USBs X2. You do not know how important having those is, especially when I am transferring data constantly for homework and projects for engineering. Extremely lightweight and portable which is important for me since I am moving between classes and carrying this on my backpack all day- need something light. No "optical" drive, or CD ROM drive for playing movies/cd's/etc- know that when you are buying this since it is for making it lighter weight; one can work around this by burning the CD on another laptop and transferring via USB OR by buying an external CD ROM. I might need to purchase an external CD ROM since I desire to download photoshop... and there are 8 CD's. Good to know and be informed as you are deciding..But, there is a design flaw in terms of the wi-fi. I was aware of an extremely common wi-fi issue coming from Lenova U series (includes this U410 and U310). People would complain that they have either 1) a disconnecting wi-fi internet problem 2) low signals until very close to wi-fi access.My theory is that since the casing of the laptop is almost 100% thin aluminum, the metal casing is reducing the wi-fi strength. In other words, the wi-fi adaptor is like your cell phone trying to text inside a metal elevator casing- reducing the signal or losing it frequently like when you go through a tunnel. Maybe the design flaw is because they are almost mimicking the mac's metal chassis and they failed mimicking on one key part... like allowing an opening for the wi-fi antenna....Regardless- My love for this laptop will outweigh returning the laptop- for now- as I am currently purchasing an external wi-fi antenna USB. An antenna will test my hypothesis of whether it is the whole casing, which is the design flaw, or if the brand new network adaptor sucks (unlikely but possible).Keep you posted.Edit: 12/6/2012Design flaw averted by simply adding on cheap external wifi adapter. Acts like an antenna to get better signals than many laptops. Yay!I bought a CISCO Lynksis external wi-fi adapter for $49.99- even though on best buy I saw it for half off. I needed internet ASAP, so I went for it (I can always order the cheaper version, then return with receipt for the current to save 25$ once it arrives)- it works! I can even access my n network now. My download speed went from 0MB to 8.6MB; Upload speed from 0MB to 3.6MB on [...]I tentatively recommend getting this laptop and investing in a $10-50 external wifi.Edit: 8/15/2013DO NOT GET A CISCO Lynksis external wi-fi adapter! Its long extension broke. Here is my review link:http://www.amazon.com/review/R2R6U9F61SMVW0/ref=cm_cr_ryp_det?ie=UTF8&channel;=rypI recommend a shorter, cheaper external wifi adapter. Size matters.Otherwise, I am typing on the U410 right now and it is great. Depending on how I am sitting, the abrupt edge can cut uncomfortably into my wrists. The keys are still intact. Sound is a little strange occasionally? Like when I am watching a show voices will 1% of the time sound gargled like listening submerged in an electronic pool. Maybe it's just a software driver issue? My laptop can handle most games I play with my brother. It can also handle engineering software well, especially 3D rendering. I love watching how crisp transitions are between switching views. I could care less about Windows 8, since I normally go to Windows 7 mode (go to desktop). Don't get suckered into Windows 8 UNLESS you intend on getting Office 2013 and/or get a touch screen.I hope this was helpful!