I did my homework. I waited. I watched. I finally sprung on this laptop, and got punked. I received the 1st laptop promptly with standard free shipping - Perfect. Wasn't satisfied with laptop, and Amazon shipped out a 2nd laptop within 2 days! I am so disappointed this laptop doesn't work. It's obviously a hardware/software conflict with this Asus and Windows 8. Both laptops I received, I made sure they were up to date using the Asus update software, as well as Windows update manager. TOOK FOREVER to update right out of the box, CLASSIC MICROSOFT! This really has me thinking if I want my hard earned dollars to serve as another guinea pig for Microsoft, until they release Service Pack 9.1st Laptop:1.Had issues installing Office 2010 - Got to the point of entering product key and it would not let me enter anything in the appropriate field. Ran install again, same thing. Got super pissed, walked away. 5mins later, entered key fine?!?!2.Gestures on touch pad would just stop working randomly, and/or have a 10-15 second delay. I CLEARLY saw an update take place from Asus for the touch pad.3.Internet Explorer would randomly freeze/crash. I would then go to switch windows, it would start to move, then that app would freeze. I then would try to open task manager, and that would freeze, and the laptop would be rendered useless for 5-10mins. Then it would just unfreeze, and start working again.4.Decided it was time to return. Went to re-image the laptop to remove any personal info. 2.5HRS later, I had to leave, and it was only at approx 70% done?!?!? I don't know how long it eventually took.2nd Laptop:1.Right off the bat, my wife points out an issue with a key on the keyboard that just wasnt sitting flush. It still worked, just sunk in on one side.2.Exact same problems, maybe even more frequent than before. I did nothing to the laptop other than check for updates. I never installed a single program on it.3.I called Asus to see what I was missing. No way was I the only person, right!?!? 2 Bad laptops in a row? Tech support suggested I re-image the laptop. I explained that this was the 2nd laptop to have the same problems, and that it took forever to re image the 1st one. The only way I'm going to re image this thing within the 1st week, is to return it again. I stated it was very sad that this laptop wasn't able to run something as necessary as IE. It really got under my skin, that he suggested that I try to use Firefox. I normally do use Firefox, but just ignoring something that is broke isn't an option for me. I then said that I believe the problem is compatibility with this model and Windows 8. He said that would be up to Microsoft to downgrade me, and they would not be able to offer any support for this model and Windows 7.Thank you for the great customer support Amazon.