I have a normal company-supplied laptop with windows 7 that I use for Work-related stuff. My wife has her own laptop and an Ipad, which I use occasionally for pretty light duty stuff (general web-browsing and reading).  She got a job that requires she travel most of the time, and she takes her laptop and ipad with her. I miss having those two devices around so I can my have work computer logged onto the VPN while I do all my personal stuff on separate devices. I tried Win 8 on a non-touchscreen computer and didn't like it, but I couldn't justify the expenditure of buying a Macbook and an ipad for my relatively casual computing. I also considered a chromebook, but they don't run Skype, which is one of my primary uses for whatever device I would buy. I decided to bite the bullet and buy one of these dual-function Windows 8 devices, and settled on the envy x2 when I found it on sale at a brick and mortar store (sorry Amazon, they had a better price)After using my X2, I like Windows 8 much better now that I've been using it with a touchscreen.  It actually makes sense to me now; For use only as a computer with a mouse, I like OS X and Windows 7 better, and for use only on a Mobile device I like iOS and android better, but if one is going to use the same device as both a PC and a tablet, and therefore a single operating system for both, Windows 8 is the tool for the job.Although it doesn't have the power for serious gaming or the storage capacity of a regular laptop, it browses like a PC, feels solid like a laptop and is easy to type on. As a tablet, if you can get over the fact that it's a little bigger (only a little) than and Ipad, it really is a very functional Tablet once you're used to Windows 8. It seems really well built with the Aluminum cover, the substantial feeling keyboard and the awesome connection between the screen and the base while still being relatively small and light.*I feel the need to amend my review: With the screen detached, it appears to work fine and was actually a very nice tablet until I tried to use it while it was sitting on a plastic tray table on an airplane and the whole left side of the touch screen was unresponsive. I returned it and got a new one, which had the same problem... worked fine in my hand, but nothing on the left side worked if it was lying down on a non-conductive surface. Since I was 0 for 2, I did some research a found that this is a common problem and there were several demonstrations if it on youtube [...] I called HP, and they were actually very nice, but they admitted that it was a known problem and the engineers were working on it and they would give me a call back when they had a solution.I didn't want to wait, so I took it back to the store and got something else. The next day HP called back, I didn't bother to answer because I had already gotten something else that I was happy with. For all I know they may have had some kind of update that would fix it or they may have offered to replace it with a newer version.  I was actually generally impressed with HPs customer service.  I know my wife types with her thumbs while holding the tablet with her fingers.  Someone who types like she does might not ever have noticed, but I set it down and type with my fingers, so I didn't find it to be a tolerable flaw, even if it was a cool little machine.