I bought this a little over a week ago from a different retailer and have spent about as much time dealing with idiots at Dell who can only read a script as using it. It ran VERY slow from day one. I did all updates and everything I could think of to speed it up. All I wanted it for was basics like surfing the web, email and video watching. Well it did none of those well. Web pages moved slow and kerky when you tried to scroll them, same with videos both on the web and on the machine and I gave up on email since I was too busy trying to get it working.Of course the award winning Dell support in India had nice little scripts to read me to help. When you understood them over the cracking phone lines and accents it was OK as long as it followed their script. First thing was to try and run the tests, no problem except the tests which are part of the BIOS failed to launch. That should have been the first big flag on it! When that failed, they had me restore it to factory condition. Ok, easy enough and not like 15 years in IT would give me a few clues on this. I managed to do the restore no problems but then you have to run all those updates yet again. In between updates I did some of the basics like installing Office, seeing if it ran faster on videos and web and etc and it never did any better at those items.Then it suddenly started failing to boot on a restart with no screen at all showing. Several hard power downs and it finally booted to the BIOS to say it couldn't find an operating system!?!? Ok, hard boot down yet again to try and it manages to come up fine. At this point BIG red flags are wavign and alarm bells all over the place! Then it starts to update the recoverey partition from Dell and it did a blue screen of death near the end after the program had given a lot of warnings about not to power down or etc or it would risk damaging the system and etc.Ok, call that award winning service in India yet again. Oh, we need to run the diagnostics that they already knew it was not able to get in to and I told them when I explained the reason for my call. Well, we need to repair th operating system, the one it said it couldn't find at one point and you get after the BIOS boots that I pointed out it was showing major issues with. Also after I had been very careful to point out that the BIOS was showing serious problems and repairing things like this is what I do so may have a clue on the issue. Well maybe they would send me the OS disks to reinstall the OS that way? Yeah, the OS that won't load frequently because the BIOS doesn't load to be installed on a laptop from the disks when the laptop has no CD or DVD in it? Nope, not my job to fix this machine unless they wanted to pay me the $55 an hour standard rate for me to do my WORK on it.Yeah, one week old and this junk is going back to the retailer who DO have 24 hour support in the USA who can do more than read a script, understand the difference between an operating system and BIOS and don't expect me to repair a brand new laptop I just paid them hundreds of dollars for or to mess around with it until past the return date has past. I'll stick with HP who I can actually get people who know english, the difference between the BIOS and OS and have always been able to get me a higher level of tech support on request without me having to spend days on the phone begging while Tier 1 guys read me a script. They also are able to look in their database and see my name and info without as much cross referencing info as well as that I am an IT pro who deal with them at work too. Dell is too busy employing people in India with scripts for me to EVER touch their stuff again. Maybe if it works they are great but if that is their version of award winning service and support, I will stick to those who DO the job instead of buying awards to brag about!