The HP Envy 17 is truly a masterpiece of a laptop. It has the latest Intel Ivy Bridge i7 quad-core CPU and AMD's new GCN-based HD 7850M GPU all fitted in a sleek, good looking package.Great specs for gaming, and it has the proper dual-fan rear exhaust cooling system that keeps up with the heaviest demanding loads on the system (Battlefield 3 64 player MP was tested for 40+ minutes straight without any issues, WASD key area remained cool).3DMark11 Performance score (out of the box): P25403DMark11 Performance score (after tweaks): P2941The Full HD 1080p screen may not be an IPS panel, but it still has great looking vibrant colors and viewing angles.Don't be fooled by the "6-cell battery" spec: it has more actual volume than most 8-cell batteries out there. In fact, I did some personal testing with the battery by looping (non-stop) 720p MP4 video constantly over Wireless N at 60% screen brightness and it ended up lasting 4 hours and 17 minutes before asking to be shut off and plugged in. This is really impressive since this is a heavy load test using Wi-Fi, far more stressful than ordinary casual use (the only heavier usage perhaps could be... intensive gaming on battery, but no one does that... I hope).Pros:+Sleek look and design, pretty portable for a 17" High Performance Desktop Replacement Notebook+All-aluminum body+Much better airflow design than most notebook PCs on the market (but not including heavy giants like Alienware/Sager/ASUS G series/etc)+Powerful 3rd gen Ivy Bridge Intel Core i7 quad-core CPU+AMD Radeon HD 7850M w/ GDDR5 VRAM outperforms NVIDIA GeForce GT 650M w/ GDDR5+8 GB DDR3 1600 MHz RAM by Samsung+Full HD 1080p (1920x1080) LED-backlit screen+Well-suited for gaming+Decent battery life+Easy to upgrade RAM (both slots), Hard Drives (dual bays, with a spare SATA cable included and no second caddy), WLAN card, etc+Stock hard drive is pretty fast (benchmarks at ~120 MB/s)+Nice backlit keyboard, each key has an individual LED, with proximity sensor (it fades in and out with style)+Slot-loading Blu-ray combo drive+Greatly improved trackpad compared to previous notebooks (including competitors)+Beats Audio with 6.1 speakers sound great for laptop speakers+120W power adapterCons:-Intel HM76 chipset, no RAID / SSD cache support (not a con if you use an SSD as OS drive though, which I do)-TN panel-IDT audio driver (which Beats Audio needs to work) is still a little buggy: can cause volume to change by itself during music playback sometimes (HP is aware of the issue)-Retail version only comes with 1 year factory warrantyOther thoughts:If you really want to make this machine fly, install an SSD like I did. This investment is worth every penny as it truly unleashes the beast. You should get either the Samsung 830 SSD or Intel 520 as both of these are the best SSDs on the market in terms of performance and reliability, at the time of this review. While the stock 750 GB 7200 RPM hard drive is no slouch, it is by far outpaced by an SSD.If you do get an SSD, you won't need to worry about lack of space: just put the 750 GB hard drive in the second bay. Now you have the best of both worlds: large storage and fast speed.