Purchased new Macbook Pro 13" for spouse in August, 2010.  She and my daughter use it for school (grad school for her, high school for the daughter), and both have become very dependent on it.  I bought it because she just had to have one (she's a teacher) and I wanted something ultra-reliable for her to use (I spend too much time in my IT job fixing Windows PCs, primarily problems due to viruses, hard drive crashes, etc.).  I just wanted to spend the extra bucks and not have to worry with her system.  Up till a week ago, everything was great and I was very happy with my purchase, albeit a bit poorer because of it.The power supply that currently comes with the both the standard Macbook and the 13" Macbook Pro is the 60w L-connector model, and mine failed this week (right before Thanksgiving), November, 2010.  I went back to the major electronics chain store where I bought it, since it was less than than four months old, and was told that since I did not buy an extended warranty, it was not covered under the regular warranty by Apple (nor is the battery, but that is true for all laptop manufacturers) and my only choice was to buy a replacement power supply for $80. WTF?????Based on my reading of numerous reviews here and elsewhere, and previously noting the excessive warmth of the defective unit on my MBP, I believe the 60W L-connector supply is either a) defective in materials and/or design, or b) severely underpowered for the application.  I had acquired from a friend an old 85W Macbook Pro power supply with the T-connector that had a bad cord (another defective Apple design, also, but this was a poor mechanical design of the strain relief on the cord).  I was able to crack it open and repair the frayed cord, so that I could have something to charge the battery while I wait for a replacement supply to arrive by mail (I am NOT paying $80 for a replacement in a retail store). This older 85W unit does not run hot at all when charging or in operation, and works great with the laptop.  I would recommend to anyone buying a replacement power supply to avoid the P.O.S. 60W L-connector model, or better yet, avoid a 60W power supply altogether as being underpowered and inadequate, and buy an 85W supply instead. The replacement I ordered is an 85W T-connector model.One other issue noted by other reviewers is a problem with the newer L-connector vs the older T-connector.  Although the L-connector cord does not stick out as far from the side of the laptop as the T-connector cord, if you flip it over so that the cord runs alongside the laptop, the cord covers and blocks access to several of the ports on the side of the laptop; not so with the older T-connector.  The whole point of the original MagSafe design was that you could just plug it it without being too particular about it, since it works regardless of the orientation of the plug.  Some of the convenience of the MagSafe design is now negated with the L-connector.Looks like Apple has dropped the ball on this one, spec'ing an undersized supply or going with a low-budget crappy Chinese manufacturer, and based on the number of complaints I've seen in these reviews, I believe they are pushing a defective product, since this has been known for more than a year and yet they are still selling them.  Most Windows-based PC manufacturers warrant their power supplies for a year, and since Apple does not (or has stopped doing so), I would guess they are very aware of this defect but want to avoid admitting it publicly because of the embarrassment it has become to the company and the potential it has for litigation.  Or maybe they think they can make some more money selling extra power supplies....To spend this kind of money on a laptop (nearly three times as much as a comparable Windows PC) and have the power supply die after four months is simply ridiculous.  To have Apple exclude it from a basic one-year warranty is even more ridiculous.  Buyer's beware! A Macbook Pro may be a great laptop, but if you can't power it up, it is simply a brick. This power supply truly is the weak link, the Achilles heel, of what should otherwise be a great product.Apple, you may have shaved off $5 on the manufacturing costs with this power supply, but this particular decision will cost you a whole more than it saved, in the long run.  Shame on you!  I expect this kind of stuff from low-budget PC manufacturers, but not from Apple, and not after paying three times as much for the mystical Apple reliability.  In the end, you apparently are no different from any other PC manufacturer, other than you charge more for your product.