I've had a few lower end laptops and one or two higher end laptops (at least they were when they came out) over the years, and this is easily my favorite laptop that I've owned.The good:- The build quality is great. Even though the laptop is very thin I barely notice since its materials give it a  sturdy feel.- The keyboard is solid. Before ordering this laptop I was a bit worried since I had read that the keys were pretty  shallow and didn't have a lot of travel. Granted, this is less of an issue for me since I tend to type heavily,  so this may be more of an issue if you type lightly.- The screen is beautiful and the large resolution really make a world of difference. The large resolution makes it  a lot easier for me to get work done. There can be a bit of a shallow viewing angle and if I'm showing someone  something on my screen I'll often have to adjust the angle. It's not too much work.- The speed. I opted for the i5 instead of the i7 and I'm plenty happy with the speed. The SSD is quick and the  laptop really does seem to boot almost instantly. I'm a software engineer and I often use this machine for work.  It has no trouble running visual studio, hosting a sql server, and playing whatever media I want to listen to  while getting work done. This is great for doing work on the go.- The speakers are a really nice unexpected bonus. I can't imagine needing a louder laptop than this one is capable  of going. Since I'm on the go quite a bit I generally find myself using headphones anyway.- Nice included accessories are also a bonus. The sleeve that come with this is nice enough for me not to shop  around for a new one. It has a magnetic flap that keeps everything secure.- Battery life is great. 7 hours is generous if you're actually doing stuff, but close to 6 with moderate  brightness/usage is no problem.The bad:- As I'm sure many have mentioned the trackpad can be a bit quirky. The multi-touch gestures work well, but I don't  find myself using them much. I find that I accidentally right click quite a bit, and when browsing the web it's  easily to accidentally zoom in and out by doing the multi-touch gesture.- The only other issue I can't fault Asus for since I obviously read the specs before buying it, but it'd be nice  to have another USB slot. If I'm using a USB mouse, and wired internet (which requires an included USB adapter),  I can't pop in a flash drive without unplugging the mouse. I'm not complaining as this is easily fixable by a hub  or bluetooth mouse, but it is something to keep in mind.All in all I am very happy with this purchase. The SSD is makes a world of difference. If you're really picky about touchy trackpads, I'd recommend trying one of these out in a store before buying it. I am not sure about how much more battery life the i7 eats up, or what use cases would require you to need the small amount of extra power, but unless you're someone that wants the best/fastest around just because, I can't see a reason not to go with this in favor of the more expensive model.