So far, I like my Chromebook a lot, but there are some limitations.On the plus side, it boots from totally cold and off to fully ready, with Chrome browser open, in less than 8 seconds, as advertised. It syncs automatically with my Android phone. I was already a Chrome user on my Windows laptop (much faster and cleaner than IE), so that was no problem. Since I primarily use my Chromebook for email and web-surfing--both of which it does extremely well--I can accomplish most of what I want to do with my Acer resting (lightly) in my lap. And there are lots of free Chromebook apps available to do things such as play games, check the weather, etc.However...there are limitations, some of which I expected, but not all. For example, you can use Google Docs to produce, open, and work on Office documents, but you don't get the full functionality of Office, such as being able to to password-protect a document, or open a Word document that you previously protected with a password. This should not be a big surprise, since a web-based productivity application will probably never be as fully developed as a full-up suite of applications, though Google indicates they're working on the ability to open a password-protected document. Also, the web-based games (I'm somewhat addicted to Spider Solitaire as a mindless activity that frees me to think about stuff I need to do) just don't work as well or the same way, sadly.More surprisingly, I am unable to print easily (with Google Cloud Print) to my home network printer, a Brother MFC 490CW. The problem is that it is considered a "classic" printer, even though it's on my WiFi network, rather than a Cloud Ready printer. That means that in order to install the printer  so that the Chromebook can access it through the Cloud Print server, you have to open up Chrome on a Windows or Mac computer--not the Chromebook!--that is already connected to the printer. Again, no big problem for me, since I already run Chrome on my Windows 7 laptop. BUT...you can only then print from the Chromebook when the other computer (in my case the Windows 7 laptop) is on and online. Apparently the Chromebook sends the print command and data to the Cloud server, which then sends it to the other computer on the printer network, which then send it to the printer. That's a major irritation, since I don't want to keep the other laptop booted up all the time. BTW, you can check the list of available Cloud Ready printers at [...]Also, although it's not that easy to set up, installing the Chrome Remote Access App on your Chromebook AND your other Windows or Mac laptop really does allow you to access and use files and software on your laptop from your Chromebook. Be sure to select "Open Maximized" (right click on the Chrome Remote icon in your apps) to be able to use your full Chromebook screen. Of course, that also means leaving your other laptop powered up.Overall, very fast, inexpensive, and well-designed, but you need to understand what you're getting.