I only feel compelled to write a review about this computer because of all the bad ones on here. I have had this laptop for a little over two years, and it has survived with few problems. My laptop has a 2.0GHz Core 2 Duo in it, and only 2Gb of ram. When it comes to multitasking, this computer does not shine, but for everyday paper writing and web surfing and the like, its just fine as long as you don't have a million tabs open in your browser. I consider myself a rather tech oriented guy, so a little preventative maintenance was all I needed to keep this computer running. I have not had many of the problems many have, such as the hinge breaking or the mouse buttons sticking. I have watched and monitored my computer for viruses like a hawk, so that has not been a problem. The only problem that has been a pain is that this computer gets very hot, and then overheats and shuts down. I have avoided this by avoiding soft surfaces and putting the computer in powersave mode. It generates much less heat that way. My girlfriend (who also wrote a review about this computer) has had multitudes of problems. I replaced her hard drive and reinstalled vista, and it runs much smoother now. She, however, has had her mouse buttons stick and trackpad go crazy. My trackpad only does this occasionally, so I can, and have lived with it.I have come to play the occasional game on my computer, and that did not end well. I started with Portal 1, and it ran it ok. It was very jittery and full of lag. I took a chance and bought Portal 2, hoping it wouldn't be much more taxing than the first. The only thing that runs ok sometimes is the start menu. If you are looking to play even occasional games, this is not near for you. At this point in time, this laptop would be a second-hand laptop. It has been quickly surpassed by other computers in its price range in a very  short amount of time. I am currently looking and saving for a new laptop.The things I do like are the keyboard and, surprisingly, Vista. With some maintenance and care, vista is not that bad. I prefer Vista's looks over 7's, but 7's functionality. I suppose I will get used to any keyboard that I use over a period of time, but this one seemed just right with good travel of the keys and not a bit of wear and tear yet. The touch sensitive buttons at the top are just an added bonus and have not failed me yet. The headphone port is another complaint I have. Dell has placed them right at the head of the hard drive, and thus, you can hear all the harddrive noise and even some fan noise through the headphones. I have pretty good headphones, and would really appreciate a quality, noise free output for them. I have ended up running most of my audio from a usb port out to a digital 8 channel mixer, then out to my speakers and headphones. This makes for a much cleaner sound when I am at my desk at home.All in all, I am about 4 star happy with its performance over the years, though I would not buy one again. There are many more laptops with greater quality at this price point. I would probably lean toward another manufacturer, in fact. Most likely one that starts with an H and ends with a P.