Like one of the other reviewers I also am switching to this Lenovo after having a Mac for nearly 3 years. The main reason for my switch was that I wanted an i7 processor and a 1GB dedicated graphics card which Mac just doesn't offer at any price...the huge bonus here is that this computer only cost $1,000!Pros: Overall I'm very satisfied with this product, but not crazy impressed. I had reservations about the y550p because of its lackluster screen resolution and supposedly poor build quality. Honestly though, I haven't noticed any issues with these things. The screen is bright and clear, the colors look good and from what I can tell the computer seems sturdy enough (though I don't get very mobile with it). The keyboard is also pretty good, I wasn't eager to switch over from Mac's pebble key design, but this keyboard is springy, responsive, and well-spaced. As far as looks go this Lenovo is slick. Not as slim as a Mac would be but still fairly compact and its coloring and hood design are fairly unique without looking cheap. It will definitely attract some fingerprints, but it won't drive you crazy like an iPhone will. Other than that the i7 processor is quick as expected (I have never fully taxed the system)and windows 7 is awesome.Cons: The battery life on this computer is beyond terrible. Even with bluetooth turned off and the screen dimmed I have never been able to last longer than an hour and 20 minutes on a charge while just surfing the internet. I find this annoying even when I bring my computer from my desk to the living room couch and it starts beeping (warning indicator) right away, so I can't imagine how this would fair on the road or in an airport. The trackpad is also awful and whatever you assume "multi-touch" to mean just forget about it. YOU WILL NEED TO BUY A SEPARATE MOUSE. The pad area is small and unresponsive and the multi-touch gestures work maybe half the time. Unexpectedly, the webcam is also pretty bad (fuzzy, choppy, the works)and I was very disappointed that Lenovo seemed to cut back the spending in this area. I purchased a 720p Microsoft Lifecam for $50 from Amazon and this cleaned up the issue, but still I was hoping for something integrated. The fan is also pretty loud even when the computer is idle and the USB ports are few (2) and oddly placed on the right hand side of the computer so if you have something plugged into that port AND are using a mouse WATCH OUT.Besides that there are a few issues which may or may not apply to you. MY IPHONE WILL NOT SYNC CORRECTLY WITH THIS COMPUTER. I wasted hours on the phone with Apple tech support and apparently there is a known compatibility issue with itunes and the mother board on this computer...VERY ANNOYING. It will eventually work, but only after maybe 20 (literally) failed attempts and computer restarts. Are you planning on upgrading the hard drive on this computer? I was, but I was told (after hours on the phone with Lenovo) that my computer was too new to be compatible with the Western Digital 320 GB 7200 rpm hard drive I had purchased and that MAYBE WD would issue the proper drivers ONE DAY. I had to return it and was so fed up I decided to just stick with the sloooooow 5000 rpm hard drive that came with this computer. On the bright side though, Lenovo technical support was very helpful, friendly, and most importantly their reps were native English speakers which is HUGE.