I've been using a Samsung Series 5 Chromebook and truly love it.  I think many of the people that have made complaints about the Chromebook have the wrong expectations of how to use it and what they're for. Yes, there were certainly some issues with the first Series 5, like speed, but as the OS improved (and they release new updates to the OS very, very frequently), performance definitely improved.Have I fully moved away from my regular laptop/PC?...no, but I'd definitely say that it is extremely rare that I use it now.  And for the record, I have a Sony Vaio that's never given me any problems and has been a great device with a very large screen.  However, there are some things that I was looking to get away from as it relates to your traditional laptop, both Windows and Mac.Firstly, I loved the idea of having a laptop that was instantly on. In general, I always found it frustrating to wait for my Windows PC to boot up. I could often make a cup of coffee by the time Windows was fully on and ready to function.Secondly, is the removal of the need to have to install software.  When you buy a traditional laptop (Windows or Mac), you always have to add the extra costs of MS Office, anti-virus protection, etc...which in the end will run you a couple of hundred dollars more than the price of the laptop.  With Chrome, you have the full access to Google Docs (and its office counterparts) and if you also have a hotmail/msn/windows live account, you automatically have access to Microsoft's OfficeLive & Skydrive, which gives you web versions of Excel, PowerPoint, and Word that quite frankly are pretty darn close to the desktop Office version, especially if you're a general user.  The great thing about a web based system is that whether you're using Google Docs or OfficeLive, you're using the power behind their servers to power your document...so it's fast.Thirdly, I love the fact that the OS is constantly updated and that it's quite simple to do so.  You just turn the laptop on, it gives you a simple notification that there's an update available.  All of the updates (even the latest major one done in May) was extremely quick.Fourth, from a security perspective, because of the fact that everything is coming from the Google servers and the sandboxing capability of Chrome, I feel very safe with the device.Fifth, battery life is way better than a standard laptop.Quite frankly, I often reach for my Chromebook even before my tablet on many items because it's instantly on and just works.  A long while back, I moved all of the contents of my traditional laptop to a cloud-based storage and at this point, when the inevitable day comes that my laptop goes (they only last max of 3.5 to 5 years max), I can't see why I would buy another PC.If most of what you do is browser based search/surfing and your media (music, photos, etc.) are in the cloud...you have to ask yourself...do you really need to purchase another laptop and all that comes with it?  I think the fundamental question is "what do you really use your computer for?"...if the answer is as I described then your expectations are right and a Chromebook is for you.  I think the new enhancements of the 550 make it a much more compelling purchase for those who were holding out.