Hi---I bought this back in July from Staples. I guess they were having some sort of sale, and it was only 600 total. Anyways, The Dv6-2150Us Is really good. I use it for College, and it handles what I toss at it. Now I am a gamer by design. I play my Xbox quite a bit, and was looking for something that could handle some game types without going into a Alien-Ware Range. This can handle games like Oblivion on lower settings, and games from more like 2007, and lower maby a FEW 2008's. That is actually really good considering it's not a 1000 dollar machine. I use this about 15 plus hours a day for school, and messing around on the web. It run very good, and fast. Absolutely no problem so far, well there are a few.1. This as in all glossy product are fingerprint magnets.2. This gets dirty fast so clean every now and then.3. The speaker area gets dirt or fuzz stuck in it's holes, impossible to get out without dis-assembly.4. The track-pad button, and i am sure it's because of frequent use is when I lightly click there is a spring noise, NO biggy.  Alright now the negatives are out of the way, and now it's time for the positives1. Handles games well on lower setting really good.2. Handles my excessive use up to 19 hours a day.- (Includes my family)3. I like the keyboard my cousin doesn't but i like it's more flat, and smoother. If you like a popped out one like on a desktop PC. You will get used to it. I personally like this better.4. Lets you away on screen if you hit Lock buttons. Like caps-lock, etc...5. Can disable track pad with one button click if you want to use external mouse. Or watch movie so you don't accidentally move the cursor or whatever.6. Fast response time, great performance I got the Intel i3 version so it's really good for being the lower one.7. Battery is ok with standard 6-cell lasts me about 2-4 hours or so. Depending if I have power saver on, and dimmed lights.8. It's big no getting around that my mom complains about it's size/weight, but I don't see the problem it's light to me, but I'm a big dude. I have a 17" Laptop Case and it barley fits just snug in there so be AWARE!!. It's supposed fit 15.6" Cases, I don't think it will. I haven't tried by Mines a 17" case so. I recommend that. My case Is a Microsoft Laptop Messenger Bag--Edge. Paste that you will see it. It's very big and perfect for anyone, around 40$.9. Not much else to say a great machine, Amazing for the price I HIGHLY Recommend you get it. It's great for kids to school and all in between. Run's all my programs perfect. Like Microsoft works 2010. I have not found anything it cannot run other than the latest gaming titles, only lacks due to graphics card. Oh well. If your a hard core gamer buy a Alien ware. If your anyone else get this product you will not regret it.---Thanks--  ___Rate-Comment-Subscribe lol.___Edit--Forgot to talk about storage, has a 320 GB hard drive. I really hate when people lie about the actual memory. Every company does it to make it sound better but actual memory is 284GB still a lot though --Thanks--.