I needed a new laptop to replace my 7 yr. old Dell workhorse which was on its last leg.  I'm not one to splurge on electronics and so to replace it I targeted sub $500 laptops, being more concerned about features and longevity than looks.  In terms of features and longevity for the price this laptop fit the bill:-  4th Gen i5 processor-  HDMI- USB 3 ports- Comes with 6 GB of RAM but it's upgradeable to 16 GB- Wireless N and Bluetooth, both of which are upgradeable as wellAn eSATA port and touchscreen would have been the icing on the cake in terms of my future-proofing needs/wants, but for the price I'm not going to complain.In terms of looks and quality of the build:-  The case is plastic, but it's fairly rugged.  I'm not worried about it cracking or breaking in the long run.  Looks-wise it's black and boring - not a show stopper by any means.  The matte finish does pick up grease from your fingers and so you end up with shiny spots here and there.  They wipe off easy enough though.-  The keys on the keyboard are perfectly spaced for people with big hands, a plus for me but may not be for others.-  The left-click right-click touchpad buttons... they make the LOUDEST clicking noise I've ever heard on a laptop (i've worked as a tech before and have had my hands on several thousand laptops).  My wife hates the noise so much so that I can't use this laptop anywhere near her when she's trying to relax or sleep.  I was able to rectify this problem by pulling apart the laptop and putting caulk between each button and contact point.  The buttons make no noise at all now as hard plastic is no longer smacking down on bare metal or circuit board, but I do not recommend performing this procedure unless you are absolutely comfortable with electronic repair work as this will void your warranty.  One shouldn't have to go to this extreme for a quieter click, and it was evident that the clicking noise is a manufacturing issue and not a problem with the individual laptop I purchased.  At the end of the day I wasn't willing to eat the cost of returning the laptop, nor the hassle of setting up a new laptop, and so I chose to fix the problem.  In terms of a workaround one can tote around a bluetooth mouse and foregoing use of the touchpad.  Not an ideal workaround when lounging on the couch, but a workaround nonetheless.Bottom line, this plain looking laptop has the features and performance to last for a good long time.  And if you're never in a situation where noise is an issue, or you can workaround/fix the loud touchpad buttons, then it's a good 4 out of 5 star laptop.However, the noise generated by the touchpad buttons should be a deal breaker for folks who would use it in noise sensitive situations.  For instance, I would NOT buy this laptop for a student to take notes in class as the clicking noise will likely draw attention.  I certainly would not use it to take notes in any business meeting.  For people who would use this laptop in noise sensitive situations I'd rate it only 2 out of 5 stars.