I was excited about the Chromebook ever since I heard about it.  I love the concept of having everything in the cloud.  And now that I stopped my insurance job to work full time on our own company, I have no need for an operating system like windows or mac for one of my computers.  I say this because, even though I do 95% of my work in the cloud, there are a few things that work much better on a regular operating system.  That is why I bought this and a mac mini at the same time after both our computers broke.  I can do most of my day-to-day activities on the Chromebook: google docs, online CRM system, emails, youtube, surfing.  Also, it is so light weight and I love how quick it boots.  Even though it may only save you a couple minutes compared to another laptop on boot up, it makes a huge difference between whether you will use it often.  We perform at events and I use this laptop for people to enter their email address for our newsletter.Likes:Quick boot up, great keyboard, seems quick, hopefully will never get laggy (as they claim),sound is good, very portable which makes you tend to be more useful with it.  I was able to get the google cloud print to work even with my older (3 yrs) printer.  Although, I have not found out how to only print part of a document, it only lets me print the whole thing.Issues:Wish the screen was a tad bigger (may 13-14 inches), but I was still willing to sacrifice for the portability and the functionality.Web pages seem to have loading errors more often than when I use Chrome browser on other computers.  I know this happens on all browsers, but it seems that youtube, for instance displays "not available" quite often.  This is probably my biggest complaint.You need to be aware of some things the Chromebook can't do.  Of course, most people know that it doesn't allow you to load programs on it.  But, think of this: I was listing an item for sale on craigslist and wanted to load photos.  It does let you click "upload images" just like any other comp, but then allows you to search through your google docs to find the image.  You can also use the "downloads" folder.  I tried doing this and half of the time, after the image loaded, it did not display.  This made it very ineffective at this task and way better for me to use my mac.  There are so many little things like that to consider.Overall, I like this comp.  My hope is for everything to be completely in the cloud within 5 years, but for now, it is an excellent 2nd computer that can do 95% of the tasks I do, but has the added bonus of being quick, less expensive, and more portable than the alternative notebooks.Printing: If you need to scan documents to computer and do not have one of the newer "cloud printers," you will not be able to get your scans to the cloud.  But, many of the newer printers have a "scan to cloud" feature, which eliminates the need to even mess with the computer when you are scanning._______UPDATE 1-29-14:  Now that I have had this laptop for over a year, I wanted to update my review.  Things are still performing well.  Have not noticed a slow down (which was my hope due to almost everything being stored in the cloud).  I love how they keep improving apps that allow you to do almost everything on a Chromebook.  For instance, we do business on the road (touring musicians) and occasionally I get a old-school person who sends me a pdf that needs to be signed.  Since we don't travel with a printer, it was often inconvenient to: find a printer, print out the pdf, sign the paper, scan paper with my phone app back to Google drive, send pdf in email.  Now, when you click a pdf attachment at the bottom of an email, an option appears that says "open with"...choose "PDF Zen viewer and editor."  It allows you to type text onto even non-editable pdfs.  And to sign your name, you can use the "draw" feature."  It is a bit sloppy signing with a mouse, but gets the job done without a printer. (Remember, you cannot connect a printer directly to a Chromebook because it will not load the drivers).  A few issues:  Battery only lasts appx. 2 hours!  This hasn't been a huge issue, since I am usually working from a desk with outlet.  But this could be a major issue for some people.On a related issue (not directly dealing with the laptop hardware...we use this laptop for email newletter signups at events.  Since we don't always have internet, we use the "Offline" Google docs and sync it once we have an internet connection.  Big issue: you can edit a basic (similar to Word) Google doc offline, but you cannot "edit" a Google spreadsheet offline (you can only "view" at this time.  So, if you have no internet and want to collect email addresses/info at an event on a Chromebook, you cannot use an organized "Google Spreadsheet," only regular doc.  This can be remedied by buying a wireless hotspot (use freedompop.com for a free device and free monthly service (only deposit).  This will get you minimal data, but enough to allow people to use signup sheets at events.  Also very handy if you use Square for credit card processing and need a data connection (in a location that doesn't have good wifi, and/or your ipad is wifi only.  Square uses very little data, so you can get away with having this FREE data from freedompop.com.  So glad my fried told me about it.