Where to begin,I bought this gaming laptop on Jan 28th, 2011 and so far it has been great. I has not been without its faults however; unfortunately most of those faults lay with Asus customer service and support. Shortly after receiving this laptop I found out through my own research that a recall was being issued on it *Sandy Bridge Recall*. To make a very long story short I was never notified my Asus of the recall even though I registered this laptop the same day I received it. When I began emailing Asus with questions about the recall no one knew ANYTHING about it and I was send around to other departments several times going on over a few weeks before I got to someone that knew anything about it. At one point in my transfers I was even told by 2 separate support/tech personnel that the recall was already performed on my notebook even though my notebook was part of the first batch sold even though the S/N look-up said mine was part of the recall. I did finally end up getting it figured out and sent in and was in continual contact with one of the people overseeing the recall and was told the day it arrived in their hands that I would have a replacement sent out in a couple of days just to receive an email from someone else the following day that stock was gone and it would be 2 weeks before they would get more. After complaining several times a "rush" was supposedly put on my laptop just and instead of it being 2 weeks is was 12 days and it shipped ground.  Nice rush  So to sum all this up laptop is AWESOME but Asus really needs to get things figured out and maybe get rid of the dead weight and hire some people that don't make up stories. If you don't know when, how or why something is happening or how long something will take don't make up a story just tell the truth and maybe offer to find out and get back to the customer and if it is going to take a lot longer then is reasonable then offer some kind of compensation to your customer... I am 27 and it feels like no one has any pride in their work anymore! I know to some people that sounds strange coming from someone as young as me but I take pride in EVERYTHING I do. Want the world to be a better place start by taking pride in your work and be honest!  PleaseOh and another thing about this laptop Asus includes a 1 yr accidental damage warranty on it if you are like me and are afraid of destroying a $1500+ laptop buy and extended warranty though square trade.  They are AWESOME people and really stand behind their service.  The day I received my laptop and I activated my extended warranty though them *3yr accidental* I received a call from them not automated an actual person welcoming me to the service and asking if I had any questions or concerns that they could address; I have NEVER had any service provider to that.  And before I send my laptop in for service I called and asked if I needed to do anything special to transfer the warranty from my current laptop at the time to the replacement all they wanted was an email or fax from Asus documenting the exchange. Then when I received my replacement square trade called me to make sure everything went well.