I didn't want a Netbook since I wanted more horsepower but I didn't want a full blown laptop either.  I wanted an affordable ultra portable for everyday use. This is a good machine. Beautiful to look at but it does have major flaws with the TOUCHPAD and BUTTONS that need to be addressed. Fortunately, I don't use it as my main machine, but if you are, I would try it out before you buy it. All the complaints and reviews about the touchpad is spot on. If this was my primary everyday machine, I would look elsewhere. But as an affordable supplemental machine, it work well for me.It doesn't have a DVD drive, but you can buy an external one anywhere from $45 to $60.My specs:1.6GHz AMD Athlon Neo X2 Dual-Core ProcessorATI 3200320Gb 7200RPMWiFi and Bluetooth4Gb of RAM DDR2Windows 7 Experience Index (3.5 Overall):Processor: 4.2Memory: 5.8Graphics: 3.5Gaming Graphics: 4.8Primary Hard Drive: 5.9Video PlaybackHULU HD - goodYouTube HD - 720p goodYouTube HD - 1080p no goodVLC -720p MKV goodVLC - 1080p MKV no goodWindows Media Player - WMV 1080p goodGames - I don't play games with this. I doubt it will play anything graphic intensive well. I have a Intel I7 920 desktop for that!Noise LevelMine is good. A tad bit louder than  my wife's Dell XPS M1330. At full CPU usage, the fan speeds up and the noise level increases but it's still relatively quiet. For most everyday use,  the fan is unnoticeable.TemperatureThe left hand rest warms up (not heats up) when running heavy tasks. But for regular daily use, it's barely noticeable. I ran Prime95 64bits version for 30 minutes running the processors and RAM at full capacity and the left palm rest warmed up a bit but not hot enough to bother me. (I returned a HP Touch Smart tx2z because the fan was too loud and temperature was unbearably hot).  This machine doesn't bother me at all.VibrationThere is a slight barely noticeable vibration under the right palm rest. This is caused by the faster 7200RPM HD. Not enough to bother me. It may irritate some people.Build QualityBrushed real metal aluminum lid and palm surface area. Solid machine no flex on the chassis. Screen has is slightly flexible but it's strong enough for everyday usage.  Some of the plastic components such as the keyboard molding have a slight give if you apply pressure with your finger, but honestly, for the price it very well built!KeyboardI wish it gave a little more feedback to the touch for my taste. But I can type fast and smoothly on it.Touchpad - NEEDS MANY IMPROVEMENTS!!!!!Gorgeous to look at, terrible material since it's a bit sticky to the touch. But after a while I became used to it. Doesn't bother me most of the time. If you are a heavy with your finger pressure, it may bother you. But if not, it may be ok. It easily smudges but I just wipe it once in a while with a tissue paper and voila good as new.  The software itself is flaky too. HP YOU NEED TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS!! TOUCHPADS SHOULD BE EFFORTLESS. WHY DON'T YOU USE THE BRUSHED ALUMINUM MATERIAL ON THE TOUCHPAD AS WELL.Touchpad Button - NEEDS IMPROVEMENT!!!!!WAY TOO STIFF!!!!  Need to apply way too much pressure to click down. This is annoying sometimes.Video CameraSurprisingly good. Nowhere near the quality of my Logitech 9000. Good low-light performance for a built-in.AudioIt's OK.Battery LifeEveryday usage 3.5 to 4 hours. Don't expect 6 hours.