Chromebook looks like a laptop but it's not a laptop nor is it a netbook. You can't download anything on this device, moreover you can't do much with this device unless you have an internet connection. The Chromebook is designed for optimal surfing for those who don't like tablets, touching screens, and prefer a keyboard to type on than a glass surface.Because everything about this device's software is online, there are no programmes that need to be updated, no patches that need to be downloaded, no upgrades, no nothing. It's straight up internet. Opening it up, it starts automatically, in a moment you see the Chrome logo, then the log-in page (you need a Gmail account and a live internet connection), then once logged in the Chrome browser opens and you're online. Total time from lifting the lid to browsing the web - 7 seconds. Maybe even less.That's basically what sold me on this device. The incredibly fast boot time from cold machine to browsing the net. My Vaio laptop takes around 5/6 minutes to fully load up Windows 7 and the multitude of programs that need to start up with the machine. Then there are updates that need to be downloaded and installed and the machine re-started... it's a hassle. This isn't that bad if I'm going to be using it for a while but if I just want to do a couple of things - check mail/weather/cinema listings/whatever - and then log off, it's annoying. With Chromebook you're on and off in under a minute.But it's no laptop substitute entirely - as you can't download anything, that means no iTunes. Anything downloadable is off the table. The plus side is no virus can download onto your Chromebook either. It's basically virus-proof. Also if I need to use Microsoft Word, Excel or Powerpoint, I use my laptop rather than Google Drive. Drive has versions of those programs which are excellent to use but the format is not as universal as the Microsoft Office package so formatting docs is usually necessary on my laptop.The keyboard is regular size and easy to use and the touchpad is larger than a laptop's and just as sensitive. It streams Youtube HD perfectly with no blips. The desktop is very spare and looks similar to Windows 7. On the bottom left are tabs for Chrome web browser, Gmail, Drive, YouTube, Google search, and Apps. The bottom right shows the time, battery life, internet strength and profile pic. The background can be whatever you like. And that's it. Spare but functional.Battery life is 6 hours though I've yet to test this beyond 3 hours so far. It's really light and half the size of my Vaio. As a concept, it's brilliant. Store everything online and throw out all updates and patches. Log in, start surfing straight away, turn off, pick up whenever. It's so easy. All that other stuff about maintaining a PC are taken out of the equation with Chromebook - you never have to defrag your hard-drive, do a disk cleanup, worry about malware or firewalls, buy anti-virus software, have your browsing interrupted with notices about updates being installed and your system needing to be rebooted. Chromebook looks and operates almost exactly like a laptop without the annoyances a usual laptop/desktop PC has because everything is kept in the Cloud, online. This also means that in concept it remains as fast to boot up in 3 years as it was when you first bought it. With all the extra software and data build-up over the years, my Vaio laptop went from 2/3 mins boot-time to double that in 3 years. With Chromebook, the boot-time should be 7 seconds - forever.Besides downloads, Microsoft Office, and the occasional game, I barely use my Vaio at all. The Chromebook isn't a replacement for a laptop yet it basically has done just that! It's wonderfully easy to use, really fast, light but durable, and is a perfect portal to the internet. People talk about tablets as if they are the only future for consumer electronics but with Chromebook I beg to differ - this device offers a real and viable alternative to tablets. I couldn't be happier with it.