I'm a pretty tech savy guy who enjoys trying out the latest and greatest products from the world's leading tech companies. I have more than my fair share of Apple, Samsung, Google, and Microsoft products. Because of this it takes a lot to impress me. Well, I think Google is on to something here. You get the near instantaneous reaction time of a tablet, the utility of a keyboard and screen that holds itself upright, AND a full blown Chrome browser, all without the performance penalty of a "heavy" OS. Don't get me wrong, I like Windows and even OSX to an extent, but combine either of those with sub-$500 hardware and you get a machine that moves at the pace of my grandpa. I have an iPad that is gorgeous and fun and a Nexus 7 that is slightly less gorgeous but more portable and equally fun but neither of these enable me to efficiently consume web content with their touch screens, mobile browsers, and app-centric designs. They're just too slow compared to my regular desktop experience. In contrast, everything about the Samsung Series 5 500 Chromebook is fast. The hardware is good considering the price point (just don't expect Series 9 quality here), and the user experience is great. While overall I highly recommend the product, it's not perfect.Some constructive criticism for Samsung:1) Improve the touchpad! The touchpad is center stage in a Chromebook and there's no reason to cheap out here. It needs to be macbook air quality guys!2) The webcam is terrible. I mean really terrible. How much would it have cost, really, to put 2.0mp camera in? I know you're making a profit margin on this (probably even more than most of your tablets) so give up a little and make an exceptional product rather than a good one.3) While the battery life is respectable compared to Windows and OSX notebooks, this is a 3 pound Chromebook with a Celeron processor and extremely lightweight OS. This is a decent size notebook chassis, so you should certainly be able to fit a higher capacity battery so I can get 10+ hours of use at full backlight brightness doing normal web browsing or even streaming YouTube on WiFi.Bottom line: I love my Chromebook. It's the most visionary piece of consumer tech in my opinion since the iPhone. The hardware is a good value for the money and I think it should appeal to a lot of consumers. Personally, though, I'd love to see a higher end option (are you listening Samsung?!). Give me a Samsung Series 9 chassis, 32 GB SSD with Samsung's own controller (so I can store some music offline to listen to when I don't have a WiFi connection), native Spotify app with offline support (here's where that 32 GB SSD comes into play), a true 8 hour battery life (as in I can stream Netflix over WiFi for a full 8 hours and make back to my charger without it dying), change the screen to Super Amoled Plus (you can maintain the current resolution if you like, Samsung), and I'll give you $999 and we can call it a day! In the mean time, I'll enjoy my current, still very good, Chromebook.***Oh, I guess I should mention Amazon did an A+ job with my order. Amazon is so efficient and professional when it comes to connecting me with products that its role is nearly transparent. If I didn't pay attention it'd be easy to mistake Amazon for a first-rate logistics company. Transactions are just like I like them: smooth as butter (not unlike Jellybean... come on Google, these names are ridiculous).Samsung Series 5 550 Chromebook (Wi-Fi)