As a university student, I wanted to get a new laptop to supplement my heavy PC. At less than 3lb., the C720 is just more portable, surprisingly, it works almost better than my PC. It does everything I need it to and more, all without breaking my back.PerformanceThe C720's processor is perfectly suited for this scale of laptop. From booting up to word processing on Google Drive, I rarely have stuttering problems. Every now and then it'll hiccup if I'm pushing the number of tasks, but this is to be expected with any device. Videos, especially Amazon Prime Instant streaming have some light frame issues, but the C720 is not meant to be a media machine besides the occasional YouTube video (which look fantastic) and streaming music. The device shines at being a productivity powerhouse on the go.OSChrome OS is great. It meets my needs on the go, and for everything else (Word documents that have comments and Zip files are the only things that send me to my PC) I can go to a library or boot up my other computer. Doing homework on Drive, downloading it to the device and uploading it to a dropbox works just fine. Otherwise, everything that you can do on Chrome, you can do on the C720. Also, getting creative with Chrome apps is half the fun of Chrome OS over a traditional machine.I also installed Chrombuntu on the C720, and, while it runs fine, there are a lot of bugs that hinder its ability to truly shine (i.e. you can't close the lid without having to restart; can't use shortcuts on the keys of the C720).BuildSolid. I cannot understate how full-bodied the C720 feels when picking up from any angle. Closed, it feels like a tablet. Open, I feel no reason to be terribly careful about holding it up by the space beside the trackpad while adjusting my workspace. The device is made of very hard plastic throughout, giving the feel of more solid makeup than many PCs several times its price.PortsWhile I haven't had a situation where I've had to use both USB ports at once, they're reassuring to have. I have transferred data several times via USB thumb drive, and the speed is fine; USB 3.0 isn't that amazing unless you actually have a 3.0 device. Connecting the C720 to my external monitor is a breeze: Chrome OS handles the display with ease, and I don't have much problem with performance dropping. Having more ports gives me a feeling of ease that I don't think I would have had with the HP Chromebook 11.Keyboard/TrackpadKeyboard is very nice. With every new laptop, you have to give yourself time to get use to it. The keys don't depress as far as, say, a MacBook Pro, but they're well-spaced, and flying through a document is just fine. Trackpad isn't great, but it works, and tapping feels smooth. I wish Chrome OS allows double-tapping drag, but maybe we'll get that feature soon.ScreenI've owned an Asus EEE PC that had the same form of matte-finish, so I knew what I was getting into. It's not a pretty screen and not ideal for video watching. I recommend turning the brightness up as much as possible for making viewing easier. Still, I got used to it very quickly and haven't had any problem with productivity because of it.BatteryI have yet to run the C720 out since using it for day-to-day tasks. A day of general browsing and note-taking, I usually end the day at 70% battery. If I've studied hard at the library after classes or watched some Amazon Prime Instant Video, I'm usually down around 40%. I'm thoroughly impressed at the balance of power and longevity.OverallI am nitpicking in many of the categories above; they're really just things to be aware of before you buy. The C720 is a fantastic device and worth more than $250 in my opinion. If you're looking for a productivity machine for on the go, don't get a tablet, get a the C720. I've used an iPad as an on-the-go replacement, and this is far superior.