I've owned many Apple notebooks since the PowerBook G4 era, quality, performance and durability are the main reasons I still prefer Apple. Mainly bought a 15.4" MacBook Pro as my older 13" felt cramped for working with audio projects and using an external monitor often was getting tiring. With most storage products shifting to USB 3.0, I felt it was perfect timing to shop.Key highlight of owning a Mac is the iLife suite, iPhoto is still the leader of being a great photo album/management tool with some consumer friendly editing features, iMovie is the benchmark of easy to use video editing software and GarageBand went from being an audio recording platform for everyday users to adding more teaching lessons since '09. Out of the box you have a very nice ready to go creative machine.Hardware features:--15.4" screen(non-high res) is still great, I prefer 16:10 displays over the squished 16:9 displays. While I'm not a fan of glossy screens the way Apple designed the glossy cover over the screen it keeps the backlight from bleeding vs makers who put a glossy coating onto the screen panel itself. Viewing angle on glossy vs non-glossy MacBook Pros is better than most notebooks on the market.--Processor, I know my review at this point is already "old" with Haswell(4th generation Core i) based computers reaching the market, Ivy Bridge(3rd Generation Core i) Quadcore easily crunches through encoding/decoding vs dual-core.--Graphics processor, this is the only reason you'll want a 15" MacBook Pro/Retina MacBook Pro is the nVidia graphics as it can handle running software which are GPU dependent(animation, editing software and gaming). I can admit if you plan to do light gaming, consider using Boot Camp to run Windows 7 as you're able to use the newest/better nVidia graphics drivers--Apple only updates graphics drivers with software updates or new OS releases so performance can vary.--Bluetooth, in an era where most computers have this optional, Apple has always made this standard on their notebooks since 2004. Often I use this to sync my phone contacts/calendars/to do lists.--USB 3.0, this was my 2nd excuse to get a new Mac. Backups and transfering large projects via USB 3.0 is much faster than past Macs with USB 2.0.--Thunderbolt, at the moment you're either seeing PCIe expansion solutions for audio/video professionals or RAID storage products. With USB 3.0 being cheaper, I'm starting to worry this will fall into Firewire territory of only select groups of owners actually use it. Beyond highspeed, most users will use this for a 2nd monitor.--Firewire 800, looks like this could be the last Mac with it built-in based on the direction Apple is shifting towards. I use audio interfaces with Firewire so this is important. Older Mac owners may also still use FW400/800 external hard drives.--DVDRW Drive, some of us still use/need the drive and wasting bag space to carry one isn't ideal.Overall this is the only option for an aftermarket upgradable portable Mac. I didn't bother making notes on the memory/HDD as I cloned the HDD to a WD Black 750GB and installed 16GB of memory. Since everybody has different work/lifestyle requirements, sooner or later you'll feel the stock 4GB of memory isn't enough.