Make sure when you're gaming, open the SCM and enable gaming mode! For some reason, it doesn't automatically switch to the optimal settings when I play.I just got done running FRAPS in Battlefield 3 with every setting maxed out and between three runs in the same server, I averaged 73 FPS. I don't have any other graphics intensive games unless someone wants to see my averages on Crysis 1.*Edit* I just played several more rounds in different servers and my averages ranged from 63-80 FPS.I came from a 15.6" DV6-TQE with a 2630QM + HD6770 @ 1Gb DDR5. Needless to say, this is quite an improvement as far as speed goes.Longevity - The HP lasted around 5-6 hours on normal usage (browsing the web, office programs, watching videos). The GT70 will get about 3-5 hours so carry your chargers, spare battery or external battery pack with you!Screen - It's no comparison since the HP had a reflective 720p screen but this 1080p matte screen is awesome! The viewing angles are great and there is not much reflection (sunlight shines directly at the screen). Luckily, mine came with no dead pixels.Size/weight - Initially, I was apprehensive about purchasing the 17.3" version and was originally going to buy the GT60 but for $50 more, I couldn't resist and I'm happy I chose this model. My HP laptop was about 6-7lbs with the 9-cell battery upgrade and this is supposedly just under 9lbs. Holding them in my hands, I can't really feel the difference in weight between the two but there definitely is a noticeable size difference. I had (HP laptop and backpacks were stolen) this backpack: Case Logic DLBP 116 16 Inch Backpack and it, unsurprisingly, didn't fit in the laptop slot BUT it did fit into the main slot. I'm currently debating on whether or not I should purchase the same backpack or buy one designed for a 17.3" laptop.*Edit*I just bought a Case Logic RBP-117 17.3" laptop backpack and it juuuuust fits in there. It's not a tight fit nor is it a loose it. It's just a bit snug. If you click on my username, you can search for the review.Keyboard - Backlighting is awesome! Yes, there is some color bleeding but since I'm not OCD, it doesn't bother me much. The keyboard, however, is laid out a bit strangely. It's nice that the Windows button is now on the right side so that it doesn't interfere with gaming (never did on my old laptop or desktop keyboard) but the backspace, 0 and right shift button got shortened and the arrow keys are positioned in such a way that you would need to look down to place your fingers correctly or feel for the slightly larger space between the up arrow and the 1 key. My thumb usually rests right under the 1 key but now that space is used for the right arrow key. Lastly, there are two keys for the "\ |" key. The other key is to the right of the space bar and I cannot make any sense of this key.Operating system - Some people hate it, some people like/love it. I hate it and all the bloatware apps it comes pre-installed with. Apparently, Windows decided to ditch the Start Menu because a study of theirs revealed that not many people use the Start Menu key. I use it all the time and I'm quite annoyed that there isn't a factory option to boot up to the standard Windows interface. I've had to "Pin" the Command Prompt and Run programs otherwise I'd have to jump through hoops to get to them (I like having a clean desktop and taskbar). I really don't like the idea of adding on a third party program to get the Start Menu back but there's no other choice.Speakers - Not as loud as I thought given the other reviews but they're relatively loud in comparison to other laptops. My HP had a Beats by Dre sound system/speaker setup and they sounded like garbage but I've never liked any of the Beats speakers/headphones in the first place so I could be a tad bit biased here. The Dynaudio speakers are awesome though! It gives a rich sound from such small speakers.Hard drive - Slow as snail balls! $1,500 for a laptop with a 5400rpm drive? No gaming laptop should be crippled like this. It has two storage bays (this specific model), just give us a 500 or 750 GB 7200rpm drive. Most of us will be switching out to SSD's anyway (Samsung 840 Pro being ghosted).Touchpad - It would be nice to have multi-finger gestures. Scrolling down on this laptop requires you to place your finger on the far right (computer set as right handed) and drag down. On my old HP which also used Synaptecs drivers, I could scroll down using two fingers anywhere on the touchpad and swipe downward.*Edit* It wasn't working before but the multi-finger gestures are working now.Palm rest - It does not get hot at all!Noise - Quiet during normal operation and then sounds like a desktop video card with its fans on max with the turbo fan on. It's a gaming laptop, don't expect to be able to game in a library.Network card - Has better reception than my dual band Asus USB adapter (USB-N53).MSI Afterburner doesn't seem to work on this but the Turbo Fan touch button is right there so no big deal.