I seriously do not know where to begin with how disgustingly horrible this laptop is. First I would like to start by saying that I am a college student, with a background in computer engineering and IT. Before buying this horrible product, I did a TON of research and somehow ended up buying this over MSI's cheap, overheating computers and other unreliable, foreign computers such as Sager.I'm not sure how else to describe this without writing a book, so let me just list the CONS about this thing:1) HDD is loud, clicky and always annoying. They are also 5400rpm which is very slow and it shows greatly. Also, we get 2 500GB HDDs, not 1TB HDD, so if we want to upgrade to an SSD, we drop to only 500GB HDD.2) This processor is literally slower than my last HP computer, which I purchased in 2009. I am not kidding you, it takes me almost 45 seconds once the log in screen hits to open the internet browser. That is sickening, and honestly a major reason in itself to steer away from this piece of crap.3) The keyboard is HORRENDOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The worst thing I have EVER tried to type on. As I write this, I am constantly pressing the backspace button to correct words, because as I type them, the buttons do not react and I end up with words like "lke" "thng" "sceen" etc. It is the worst thing I have ever used in my 15 years of computer use for typing.4) This piece of CRAP blue screens left and right. I called ASUS and they asked me to send in the laptop, and that it would take up to 2 weeks turn-around time. LOL Not only is that the worst customer service I have ever heard, its the worst thing I have ever heard as well. I just paid $1400 to within a week, send it in for repairs?? LOL5) Every 5 times or so of waking the computer from sleep, the keyboard completely does not work. I need to restart the PC in order for the keyboard to work again.6) Sometimes my Razer mouse doesn't work when I plug it into the USB and have to un-plug and re-plug several times for the system to react.Want to know the worst part about all of this? This is the SECOND G750JM that I received, because I returned the first one that was showing the exact same issues. I figured I just got really unlucky and got a bad apple. Well, this second computer did not disappoint and promptly  fell into the same problems and errors as the first, leading me to believe that this line of laptops from ASUS is a complete sham and should be AVOIDED AT ALL COSTS.The ONLY pro to this laptop is that it does cool efficiently. But what good is that when the rest of the computer is falling apart?I swear to you all, PLEASE reconsider after reading this, I promise this computer is bad. VERY bad. I hope to save you from the torment I have gone through. I have now decided to instead build a PC from scratch and ditch the "gaming from a laptop" idea.Good luck..