I have been using a rev. B MacBook Air with the 128GB SSD for more than a year now and I can confidently say that it is the best computer I have ever used. It is certainly the best laptop I have used, including my much loved 12" PowerBook, and I rank it slightly ahead of my venerable Mac IIci (lest you think I am ignorant of Windows, I will disclose that I also have a PC in my office in addition to an iMac and I manage many PCs at my work but prefer Macs for my own use). I especially appreciate the brilliant screen and full sized and very responsive keyboard which has excellent ergonomics. I really like the trackpad and the multitouch capabilities. Some will contend that it is the footprint that makes for a portable computer but after experiencing the ease with which this super thin and light computer can be carried around in one hand, I have to disagree. Besides, I would not sacrifice the larger screen and the full size keyboard for a smaller footprint. This computer is so easy to carry, I got rid of my laptop bag and just slip the Air into a sleeve and into my regular briefcase. The Air has been plenty fast enough for what I use it for (mainly office productivity software, but also graphing and statistical programs, numerical and symbolic mathematics, and drawing programs) and the solid state drive makes it very responsive. I am not a Youtube fanatic but the only time I (briefly) had the "kernel task"/overheating problem was when I was messing around trying to play some iPhoto slide shows on my TV. The problem lasted for maybe half a minute and then the slide show played fine.  I use the computer every day, generally connected to AC, but battery life is also very good. However, I have never achieved five hours running on the battery (but I haven't tried any extreme measures and always have the screen brightness set to automatic). I did not buy the external disc and don't miss it at all. The remote disc feature works fine (I used a wired ethernet connection when I upgraded the system). I did buy a powered USB hub for work since I prefer a wired ethernet connection using the USB adapter (WiFi is available, just not as useful due to network limitations) and I also have a USB drive for Time Machine backups and Super Duper clones. I did end up buying an extra USB ethernet adapter for my travel bag as many hotels (not the crummy ones, always the expensive ones) do not have WiFi available in the rooms. Leopard, and now Snow Leopard, have been very solid and I rarely turn the computer off, generally only rebooting for updates.Finally, I have noticed that I get better WiFi reception and more reliable bluetooth connections than with my previous PowerBook.I did have an occasional problem with the fan which Apple repaired. I don't see any evidence that this is a widespread problem so I am not reducing my rating. In addition, the fan is now much quieter than before and I can't hear it under normal usage even in a very quiet house.I hope Apple continues to update the Air as I don't know that I will ever want to go back to a blockier, heavier laptop.