I've been an Amazon customer for nearly a decade and haven't had any issues with Amazon or any sellers. With all of the items and thousands of dollars spent on this website, this is the very first "review" I am writing. I was very hesitant about purchasing this refurbished laptop. You don't really know what you are actually buying with transactions like these.I purchased my laptop from GothamCityMall. We received the package via USPS a day earlier than expected, was not expecting that! So I really didn't know what to expect when I opened the box. And boy was I surprised! After removing the various layers of bubble wrap and tape, I unwrapped a pretty cool-looking piece of machinery. It is definitely an old model, but it still looks just as sexy as the new guys out there on the market today. Also, the laptop may have been refurbished, but it looks far from used! Cosmetically, it was almost perfect except for one tiny scratch on the cover. The keyboard, screen, battery/cords were also in new condition. If I didn't know any better, I would think this machine was brand new. I really got lucky with this one!Before purchasing this refurbished laptop, we had the pleasuring of using a relative's brand new Inspiron Notebook for almost 2yrs. Although my nc6400 isn't quite as sleek in the looks department, it does pretty much everything that the Inspiron did. I'm pleasantly surprised!It handles multiple windows of web browsing, creates documents w/ease, plays Netflix videos (sound is great), and whatever else you can throw at it, all at the same time...without any problems with performance. The physical size and weight of this laptop is perfect! I hated lugging around the huge and incredibly heavy 15" Inspiron. This thing is a baby in comparison! The layout of the keyboard and the feel of the keys is wonderful. I also like the matte screen compared to the high-gloss screen of the Inspiron. Fingerprints from my 2 1/2 year old are much less noticeable. My most favorite feature on the keyboard itself is the handy row of buttons at the top, volume included. The Inspiron didn't have volume buttons, making it quite an inconvenience to make adjustments.I'm not sure if I will be using this laptop to play games, but I'm sure it can handle it without a problem. We'll have to see though. I haven't watched DVD's or listened to music on it yet either, but I do love that I can burn DVD's or CD's as well. The 3 USB ports are handy; I'm only using about 2 at a time for my flash drive and wireless mouse. The smart/memory card slots are also handy for a family like ours that takes a lot of pictures.Because this machine was built for the office (I use it for Home), it has many features that I don't have the need for. They are great tools to have when and if I decide to use this machine in an office setting. The one "office" feature I do use is the Fingerprint Scanner. It's pretty cool and easy to set up.If you are debating between buying a new/newer laptop or even a used version of this laptop, stop fighting with yourself. It is risky buying used/refurbished electronics online, but it's a risk I'm so happy I decided to take. I spent less than $200 (shipping included) on a quality piece of machinery that does everything that I need it to do, and is comparable performance-wise, to the newer and MUCH MORE expensive laptops that are selling now.