I've been a Thinkpad guy since the T20 days and was torn when Lenovo acquired them.  Could a foreign company really maintain the same quality control and engineering standards that set IBM apart?  I was skeptical but cautiously optimistic.  I decided to upgrade my (IBM) T60 to a (Lenovo) W520.In short, it's a decent laptop but no IBM.First, some history.1.  The IBM executive who built the Thinkpad brand is Stephen Ward.  A 26 year IBM veteran, a USAToday article described him as -- "every inch the IBMer, from his navy blue suit to the gold company pin fastened neatly on his lapel. He's not as flashy as some tech CEOs, and he runs a formal office compared with many laid-back Silicon Valley firms."2.  Then Lenovo bought the unit.  They made Stephen Ward CEO with a plan to continue running everything the old IBM way.3.  But there were problems from the start.  There was an immediate culture clash between Lenovo's business model of cost cutting, budget laptops and IBM's values of superior products and build quality.  Adding to the difficulty was the fact that the Lenovo staff (now 50% of the Thinkpad dept), could not even speak English.  So they had no ability to understand or communicate with their new leader.4.  To say the least, the integration posed big challenges.  But before it could be completed, Mr. Ward strangely left the company.  This was after just 6 months.5.  What happened next was telling.  He was replaced.  But not by another IBM veteran.  Rather, by William J. Amelio, a senior vice president at (of all places)... Dell.  Other key executive positions were filled, and not with IBM people.  Rather, with folks from places like HP, Acer and Lenovo.6.  Thereafter, a high level of executive turnover ensued.  In 2009, William Amelio was eventually fired as CEO and the job fell back to Lenovo's old CEO, Yang Yuanqing.  Other key executives came and went, at least some leaving to go to Dell.7.  The results have been sadly predictable.  Amazon reviews of Thinkpads have sunk substantially.  If you compare reviews of the old IBM products they got high ratings.  For instance, the t60 (IBM's last model) enjoys a healthy 4.5 stars and 21 reviews as of this writing (not uncommon among the old IBM thinkpads).  The newer Lenovos?  Not so much.  These have tended to get about 3.5 stars and receive significantly more complaints.8.  What are those complaints about?  Mostly basic design and quality control issues.  Back in the IBM days, this was less of a problem because the company offered very few laptops (typically just the R and T series).  The limited menu was to ensure that much thought and effort was put into each product and it worked flawlessly.  Lenovo on the other hand runs on a different philosophy.  Instead of a limited menu, Lenovo offers a virtual Denny's restaurant of laptops (a whopping thirteen series in all).9.  But pumping out so many laptops naturally results in more issues.  There are so many models to keep track of, and with so many different glitches and problems it's nearly impossible to keep them all up to date.So that's about it.  A great brand that has sort of petered out, sadly.As you ponder that, why not reflect on the man who used to make your old rigs.  Stephen Ward, the 26 year IBM veteran.  According to the article (see below), he grew up in Santa Maria along the California coastline.  As a kid he worked in his father's gas station, pumping gas and washing windows.  Then he went to Cal State San Luis Obispo to get his engineering degree (I hear they have a great engineering school).  From there he went to IBM.  Neatly sporting his IBM lapel on his old fashioned suit.  For 26 years maintaining the IBM culture of superior products, quality control and no nonsense values.You know, I bet the Lenovo guys are just as good.[...]