This is by far the best laptop on the market at the moment. The only thing that could make it better would be a higher resolution display (such as the Retina display) but I'm sure that would lessen the 12+ hour battery life. And yes, the battery does last over the 12 hours stated. I went an entire day at school using my MacBook Air from about 7:30 am to around 6:00 pm, practically on my laptop the entire time for those nearly 11 hours. I had to use Adobe Connect video conferencing, which is a battery killer and on my old computer would be below 20% with a full charge after my Adobe Connect session of about 1.5 hours. On this powerful machine, its always at about 80% to 70%. Occasionally lower, but rarely. On that day, I believe I made it home with over 20% charge left and a time remaining of 2.5 hours. Another thing about the battery to note, I got it down to 3% before and got a 30 minute estimate. 30 minutes! With 3% left. Sheesh. I have regularly went days with heavy internet browsing for 6-8 hours and had 50-60% battery remaining. It takes two days to kill the battery apparently!Enough about the battery. If you are switching to Mac from Windows (or contemplating it), just stop reading all these reviews and buy the darn thing! 4 gigabytes RAM has been plenty for me: someone who regularly has 5-6 safari windows open, all filled with 5-10 tabs. Yes, I know, thats horrible of me. But, it still runs blazing fast. Even running apps that take up high cpu, it will still run fast thanks to Apple's implementation of App Nap.The keyboard is amazing. Its very nice, easy to use, and obviously high quality as it should be. The trackpad though, is where half your thousand plus dollars are going (not true, but... the trackpad is amazing). The trackpad is responsive like it should be, and literally everything can be done with gestures. One/two/three/four finger motions in different ways allow you to go forward/back a page in Safari/Chrome/etc. w/o having to click a back button. It makes even the easiest things, well, easier! There's also the option of having multiple desktops, so no more switching between windows in one cluttered space. Your able to have say, in my case, 5 desktops open. And use each for a specific thing. Say desktop 1 for school work, 2 for work, 3 for social networking and news, 4 for movies, videos, pictures, etc., and 5 for the miscellaneous stuff like shopping. That way you can have full screen windows without having to share a space between so much stuff. And you can leave all you stuff open on say desktop 1 when working on a project for school w/o having to minimize it and do the four-finger gesture to the right to begin working on documents for your job, or move over to your Facebook on desktop 3. You get the picture, multitasking is easily done and very efficient on this machine. Also, you get the iWork Suite for free, Apple's versions of Word, PowerPoint, and Excel (dubbed Pages, Keynote, and Numbers). Thats well over $100 savings from Microsoft. If you only need Word and the others for the basic you should be good with Apple's versions. Just a note though if you do use them, I'd advise to save them in Word formats by going under 'Export' to... as someone with Windows won't be able to open it up even though you sent it as "Windows Friendly." If you depend on Microsofts stuff though, just get it and be done with it.There are two small glitches I have been having and others have been as well (Google "MacBook Air 2013 slow wifi" or "MacBook Air 2013 kernel task" for proof). The first of the two is the most annoying. It has to do with select routers so it may not affect you. It only happens when I am at home. Randomly, the internet will work at a crawling pace. It only does it once in a while (like few hours) and for a minute or so. Never has it happened at school or elsewhere.The second is simply where kernel_task takes up 100% cpu for no reason, drains your battery rapidly and bogs down your Mac. It requires a restart. But the thing is, a restart takes 20-ish seconds. No joke. If you can't wait that long for a restart every couple days when this occurs to fix it while we wait for Apple's fix, I don't know what to suggest. Start up from being completely shut down is about 12 seconds. It takes about the same to shut off for me, only because I have so many windows open though that it must close. And they re-open automatically upon restarting as if they were never closed.One final note, the 128 gigabytes of Flash is plenty for most. If you won't be saving videos like crazy, only pictures and such, you'll be fine. I've downloaded tons of stuff and still have 90 gigabytes left. I only had about 100~ straight out of the box though. So yeah, its plenty for the average person.