NOTE: Check this review's comments for information on installing and setting up Ubuntu on this machine.Since the negatives are always the most important part of a review I'm going to start out with the problems I had and the things I don't like about this Chromebook. That being said this thing is incredible and I am extremely happy with this purchase.When I first got it I had the infamous "raised" touch pad problem. It wasn't really a big deal but it decreased sensitivity making it harder to use sometimes. However within 30 minutes of getting it out of the box the distance decreased significantly and moreso the more I use it. Later the day I got it it was completely gone but has come and gone since, each time becoming less noticeable. I'm not sure what the heck the problem was but as of now it is completely gone and hasn't come back. In case this helps anyone else, the only thing I did was put pressure around the track pad area a lot the first couple days I had it and while it didn't have an immediate effect it may have caused it to get fixed. In any case, not a problem after a couple days!The second complaint I have is also about the track pad which seems to not be slick when you first get it. My fingers would stick to it a lot and would cause me to lose control, however I guess after getting it broken in it is very smooth and workable now. No big deal either way.The last thing is that the 16 gig SSD. While it normally isn't a big deal I bought this to also use Ubuntu on it and with all my personal necessary software it has about 5.5 gigs of room left. Not too shabby, but it would be nice to have at least a little more headroom there.Now onto the good stuff. This thing is FAST and works great in every way. The keyboard is very similar to the HP Chrombook 11, Samsung 550 and Samsung ARM notebooks I've used before. After the problems the touch pad works great and makes usability amazing compared to ones that don't recognize 2 fingers (like scrolling, which makes this much more usable than single finger only pads). The screen works great and is higher quality than the other 2 Samsungs I've used (though not the HP, however the HP's screen is NOT that much better. The keyboard works great, however it took just a day of getting used to it for heavier typing. The speakers aren't bad either and they get surprisingly loud. Also the battery life is RIDICULOUS. I used it for 5 hours straight studying and installing Ubuntu and all the packages I needed using crouton and it was only at 50% battery by the time I stopped. This is why I bought the Chromebook.Also Ubuntu on this thing works great. I'm currently running Saucy using Crouton and it doesn't seem to affect the battery life or performance at all based on which OS I'm using. Another cool thing is when you switch to the other OS the other continues to run doing whatever process or playing music or whatever that it was doing before. This makes it surprisingly easy to multitask and allows for an instant backup if I crash Ubuntu (which I have already...my fault lol).This thing is just plain a workhorse and it hits all the parts that make this a very usable Chromebook/Linux Laptop. Sure you can go with the slightly more expensive HP Chromebook 11, but that thing is ridiculously slow comparatively and doesn't have the ports or battery life. In any case I recommend checking out a few before purchasing so you can get what you want, but for my needs this one is absolutely perfect and at an amazing price too.