The Apple MacBook is an amazing product. For the regular everyday user to the heavy duty programmer or graphic designer the Mac out performs all the rest. There are several very distinguishable features that the Mac brings to the game that will always give it a leg up in the competition for best computer. I will discuss a few of these features that I've noticed first hand. First a description as to why I am a reputable source for this review, I purchased my Mac after about a six month stint using a top of the line Windows HP laptop. I am a freelance web designer so I require heavy-duty programs to be running simultaneously for extended periods of time. This is something that I quickly noticed the HP just couldn't handle. After several days of extremely bad performance I was in need of change for a better more suitable machine. So, I bought a MacBook. The Mac, to me, is unbeatable. My MacBook is the baseline model with a 2.5Ghz Intel Core 2 Duo processor, 4GB of RAM, a 250GB hard drive and Mac OS X Snow leopard. My first impression out of the box was "WOW" it's so shiny. The laptop itself is very sleek and the one-piece construction makes it quite durable. Upon turning it on you can already notice a huge difference in the speed that OS X loads compared to Windows 7.  But the real test was still to come. After about a day I had all of my web design programs loaded on it ad was ready to put it to the real test. I started to work on a current web site job and immediately I could see how much better the MacBook was compared to my previous HP. I had three large programs open with multiple files inside each as well as music playing and a few large files downloading and it was like none of that was even happening, the Mac was scary fast.  I can't even begin to express how amazing the battery life is on this thing. Most Windows machines come with a 4 to 6 hour battery life, yeah, maybe if I'm not doing anything on it. My Mac battery lasted 11 hours even with a heavy workload. It didn't stop there though; say you have a Windows computer. If you were to shut the lid of that laptop and have it set to not sleep it would probably die within 7 or 8 hours. Not my Mac, I can shut the lid with 20% battery life left and it will stay at 20% battery for more then a day before going down to 19%. This is just surreal. Which plays into how much this laptop costs. My MacBook which is the base model cost me $900. You may think that's a steep price for a 13 inch laptop but you have to think about what I've told you about the superior performance this machine boasts. I think the battery life alone is worth the money not to mention you will never have to worry about viruses using a Mac, and computer crashes are a thing of the past as well. I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking for a powerful and reliable laptop for school, work, or anything else.