I don't understand why everyone rags on the graphics chipset in this laptop. It really isn't that bad.Here I some games that I are very playable for me on medium and sometimes even high settings.-Dragon Age: Origins(medium settings, native res, frame buffer enabled) 20 fps-Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion(medium-high settings, hdr enabled, 1280x720) 20-30 fps-Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2(high settings with no extras... there are one or two levels that have more demanding lighting effects that will force you to drop down to medium settings in order to maintain a stable framerate) - 20 fps-Crysis Demo (all Medium settings, no AA) 15-20 fps-Sins of A Solar Empire (Max settings)30-40 fps-The Sims 3 (Max settings)15-30 fpsI have heard that this laptop will also run assassin's creed on medium with playable frame rate. I have yet to test that claim.This laptop will play most DX9 games fluently and plays DX10 games often on medium settings. Older popular games like WoW or Guild Wars would run very efficiently on this machine. I ran the crysis SP demo at very playable framerates using all medium settings. If you are a hardcore enthusiast gamer who wants to game in 1920x1080 resolution with x16Q AA all the time, then you probably won't find what you're looking for. However, if you're just an average joe who plays the game because it's fun and not just because it has a crapload of over-done HDR effects and hair splitting anti-aliasing, plus you just want a good, solid, decent machine for the price, then you should totally check out this laptop.Here are the strengths of this laptop.-Blue ray drive(and it didn't cost me an arm and a leg...nice)-HDMI-Firewire-EXCELLENT cooling system...this thing stays safe even in the middle of game. Sitting on a pile of blankets.-Good USB positioning-Sleek look, very portable-Card Reader-Chicklet keyboard keeps cleaner than the other types and looks nice-Webcam is a nice feature-Solid build, doesn't flex or snap around much-CPU is upgradeable-DDR3 1066 Ram-Wireless N-Gigabit Ethernet-Windows 7-Bluetooth-Display looks fantastic...excellent contrast and clarity, very vibrant colors.Here are the weaknesses of this laptop.-Battery life is not the worst I've ever seen, but still not especially good unless you put it in battery saver mode...which makes windows 7 look like crap. I think you can upgrade the battery, but I'm sure it costs an arm and a leg from sony.-Finding driver updates for my graphics was a pain in the butt because sony's website was down for days and the correct driver package for this model is not available directly from nVidia's site.-Considering that this laptop appears to be fully compatible, a P series core 2 CPU would have been nice. However, the t6600 is decent.-(This is more a win7 issue, I think) I have trouble loading a desktop contrast/color profile. I always have to reset it...soemtimes it just flat out doesn't work.-I don't really like how the bluetooth off/on is consolidated into the wireless off/on switch. I would have liked for that to be done separately. But it's a minor thing.-The graphics do bottleneck when you try to run some games at high settings. But it's a low-profile laptop...what do you expect? It's very good for it's class.In conclusion: Why do I give this laptop 5 stars? Because in my honest opinion, for the price/performance/quality, these weaknesses really aren't that bad...and they are even things that can be fixed. The CPU, from what I've investigated, CAN be upgraded to a faster one if you want the 1066 FSB and extra cache, the battery can be upgraded to an 8 cell if you want to shell out the cash. Drivers aren't really a huge issue for the graphics if sony would just make sure that their support site works. The graphics do what I want them to do, they run most games on medium settings and are more than sufficient for watching HD movies or Blue Ray.This laptop was a Christmas present from my wife. It was a wonderful gift. I love this machine. I use it all the time. It is capable of all kinds of fun.Here are all the things I do with it which work plenty effectively for my needs.-Home Recording(music, guitars, tracks, etc. using cakewalk and a line 6 pod xt)-Productivity(writing, document creation for work, powerpoint, etc.)-PC Gaming-Networking-HD Video source(via hdmi)-Skype Video Conferencing-Presentation Display via a video projector(powerpoint, gaming, videos, etc)