Let me first say I am a computer consultant and I have all the toys, Asus Zenbook (bye bye Zenbook), Ipad, Iphone, and Nexus 7.  When the new windows 8 came out I wanted a convertible so I could have the best of both worlds, a tablet in bed that didn't limit me to playing games and surfing the web.  Enter the Yoga.I LOVE THIS MACHINE.I am absolutely blown away by the boot and shut down times, about 6 secs and 1 sec, yes about 1 sec for it to shut off. Switching users, waking from sleep, all those tasks are so fast it is incredible.  I have the zenbook with an SSD running Win 7 and it is pretty fast too, but nothing like windows 8. WOWI have to say I couldn't give this machine to 99% of my customers without doing some updating, tweaking and a hands on windows 8 lesson.  It isn't for the faint of heart.  I think they call us early adopters which is just a nice way of saying people who have to have the lastest gadgets and toys even though they know they should wait until the bugs get worked out.Most who read this will know of the issues people are having, if not just visit the Lenovo Yoga forums.I have had no Wifi problems, My track pad really sucked but it is good now, not sure how this one got fixed.  I had a little screen flicker but it turned out to be a setting in the Intel Graphics software. I had the on screen key board problem that it popped up for 1 sec but before I could type it was gone, the first windows update I did fixed this. The screen rotating is buggy, sometiimes it works fine and other times not so much.  Hard to say for sure if this is a Lenovo or Windows thing but I am sure it will improve.Windows 8 has its own strengths and weaknesses, it takes time to figure things out but being a computer guy I like exploring, the Ipad was fun for about a week then after that it is just boring.I won't rant too much about apple here except to say I will never buy another product from them again.  I had to have the Ipad when it first came out and I loved it...  2 years later they have pushed out updates that have made my Ipad 1 almost useless, it crashes all the time and is terribly slow.  I thought no big deal I will just restore it to the day I bought it for 850.00.  NOT, you cant restore it back, apple updates you and erases your previous software.  So I thought I would just go get it from the net.  NOT... each operating system is specific to each machine, so they intentionally pushed out software that they knew would cripple my ipad and also knew there was no way for me to fix it.  Nice business model.  Same applies for the Iphone 3 and 3GS, all useless if you upgrade to IOS5.But I digress, the YOGA has made my Ipad expendable.Now I wouldn't recommend the YOGA as your only machine, I use my laptop for Travel, a little on site trouble shooting and mostly to read, watch tv, surf, etc in bed at night and this machine is exceptional for that.  If you cant find a comfortable position with this machine in bed you will never find a comfortable position.  I LOVE IT.I wish I had the will power to hold off and get the Orange one but I couldn't wait.So in closing, it is a little buggy, the build is wonderful, the form factor is the most useful I have ever seen and there is NO WAY I would give up this machine.One last thing, I bought the Lenovo sleeve for the Yoga thinking it would be a nice case and it is designed so you can slip it over the keypad when you are in tablet mode.  First, the keys don't bother me at all, in bed it is a non issue.  The sleeve doesn't contain the whole machine, about 1 - 1.5 inches stick out from the end.  It is very thin offering almost no protection to my baby.  It went back immediately and I bought a very nice protective sleeve from Puma for the same price.Hope this helps some people out there, I know I appreciate all the other users taking the time to write reviews.  I never write reviews but I had to tell people how much I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!!!!