This Sony VAIO Pro 13 is a technological marvel, however the whole is much less than the sum of its parts.  Contained within a less-than 2.5lb case is a 1080p IPS screen, an i7 processor, and a solid state disk.  Unfortunately, the thing is simply not a productivity tool unless you can work around its shortcomings (which I could not do).The screen is gorgeous in coloration, however whatever you gain in viewing angles from it being an IPS screen, you lose a lot more due to its reflectivity.  Unless you can position the screen in a way to avoid the reflections, you will have trouble reading what is on it and using it.  And this laptop does not have as much flexibility around the screen hinge as many others I have used, limiting the ways in which you can try to angle the screen to avoid the reflections.  Since it is a touch screen, the glossy screen is a virtual fingerprint magnet, so it will look dirty and smudged in no time after you clean it.The keyboard is extremely mushy with low key travel, and the whole body of the machine flexes as you type due to inadequate torsional rigidity which undoubtedly comes from a decision of the Sony engineers to minimize weight at all cost.  So they do have bragging rights on an unbelievably feature packed system weighing only 2.5 pounds, but the tradeoff is that the system is unusable.When I first got the system it went through a couple of hours of updating itself, and during most of this time the fan was blaring nonstop and quite noticeably.  I expected this to continue in actual use, but for the most part it did not.  I found the installed Windows 8 basic to be a real irritation, however I installed "Classic Shell" on top which got rid of many of Windows 8's most annoying "features."  Updating to Windows 8.1 was a bit of a pain, since there are Sony drivers that need to be updated first, per instructions on the Sony website.I kept trying to like or love or even tolerate this machine, however I found myself going back to my heavier Thinkpad X220 purchased 2 years ago.  Even though the Thinkpad has a lower resolution IPS screen, and weighs more, it was hugely more satisfying to work with and I found little preference for the Sony screen once the annoying reflections on the Sony screen were factored in.  And as to the keyboard, it was no contest; the Thinkpad keyboard is nice to type on and the Sony one is horrible in comparison.People have said for a long time that the only two PC-standard machine brands who produce innovative and distinctive laptops are Sony and Lenovo-Thinkpad.  I have never owned a Sony before and wanted to give them a whirl.  Unfortunately, even Lenovo is reducing the quality of the "computing experience" in many of their laptops in order to chase the "Ultrabook Holy Grail."  Reviews on the internet I have read of their newest versions of the X1 Carbon and the X240 laptops confirm that you can no longer blindly buy a Thinkpad and expect to get a solid laptop with a responsive and well laid out keyboard and a satisfactory screen.  Unfortunately, many of these "Ultrabooks" are in fact little more than useless but svelte looking toys, certainly not anything you could comfortably use for hours, or use to get any serious work done.I am hoping that the computing public that is serious about the business computing experience will reject these glorified toys and force the manufacturers to going back to producing functional product that is enjoyable and comfortable to use.  If you are looking for that kind of a laptop, this Sony Vaio Pro 13 should certainly NOT be on your short list.