Pros (compared to Windows machines):+ Hands down, best battery life in the industry, when compared to similarly spec'd machines.  Sure, there are netbooks that can hold their own in a battery war against a MacBook, but I'd like to see a netbook run Dragon Age: Origins.+ Backlit keyboard is the best looking keyboard style I've seen.  The Windows laptops with backlit keyboards just lack the finesse of a MacBook+ Unless you do major video editing (and a LOT of it), you won't miss the lack of Intel's new line of processors that the 15" and 17" versions (along with pretty much every Windows competitor) have.  The 2.4ghz base processor is perfectly fine for handling basic to medium level gaming, any document editing, movie watching, web surfing, or consuming any type of media.  Even if you do a lot of major video editing, you'll just have to deal with slightly longer processing times, this computer will still be able to handle the task, just not quite as fast.+ Probably the best integrated graphics chip on the market.  The pros and cons of having an integrated graphics chip instead of a discrete graphics chip are the same as those detailed about the processors in the above bullet point.+ Webcam is high quality compared to even dedicated webcams that you can purchase separately+ The most useable touchpad out of any laptop.  I came from a Windows machine where I avoided the touchpad at all costs, using a mouse 99% of the time.  However, upon switching to this laptop, I have decided that the trade for slower pointing speeds is worth it to be able to access the multitouch gestures available on this trackpad.  Now I only use a mouse when gaming.+ The MacBook is thinner and lighter than similarly sized Windows laptops.  It also has a uniformly flat design, which makes it much easier to carry around in a backpack without worrying about breaking the hinge attaching the screen to the body.Cons (when compared to Windows machines)- The cost of MacBooks compared to similarly spec'd Windows machine is much higher.  Apple also tends to be slower on the upgrade cycle than Windows machines, so the price gap is most apparent right before a new update is issued for MacBooks.- No new high end processors or discrete graphics chips.  The reason Apple didn't add the new series of processors is because with the new Core i series processors, Intel does not allow for any integrated graphics chips except for Intel integrated graphics (which can't even compare to nVidia integrated graphics).  So if they upgraded the processor, they would also have to add the discrete graphics chip, which would push the price too high.Bottom Line:Although the Pros seem to outnumber the Cons, you cannot discount the cost issue.  If you can't afford it, then you can't afford it and it's not worth breaking the bank for a laptop.  But if the MacBook is within your price range and don't require the laptop to do highly CPU/graphics intensive tasks (such as video editing) 24/7, then the overall package of the MacBook is much better than its Windows competitors.  In terms of cars, the MacBook is like an Audi A4 whereas its Windows competitors can be compared to a Chevy Camaro.  At a lower price, the Camaro can outrun an Audi pretty easily in a straight line race.  But the A4 completely outclasses the Camaro in terms of ride quality, handling, cabin tech, etc.  If you can afford the Audi and don't plan on exclusively using your car for drag strips, then go for the Audi.