Dec 7, 2013: Just received the S500 from this webpage and it does in fact, have a caching SSD, so you can be confident that it will be a very fast machine.......................................................Allow me to clarify that I wouldn't own this big a laptop for myself. I have the 12 inch Vivobook and it's just perfect for me.This one is for a friend who needs a full size laptop.So let's get to it.This machine is blistering fast. I have a Samsung 840 SSD in my own Vivobook and this 16 incher matches it. They both have the same processor and same amount of ram. The only difference is that the 16 incher uses a caching SSD which would make any computer a lot faster, but I didn't expect it to be as fast as my own.Anyhow, if you like fast machines, this one may be for you.The build is absolutely beautiful and super solid.I have two Asus low end plastic laptops here and the keyboard quality difference between the S500 and those bargain machines, is huge.The touchscreen is nothing less than perfect.If you're one of these people who jumped on the "I hate Windows 8" bandwagon, then you need not read any further.Win 8's touch interface far surpassed my expectations. I had hopes that it would at least be as good as iOS (iPads) or Android, and to my surprise, it blows them away.It is 10 times as intuitive and way more versatile.As an example, try to kill a process running in the background on Android or iOS. It's a whole rigamaroll and you need a special app to do it.In Win 8, you swipe from the top bezel to the bottom and the app is gone and no longer running.The split screen options are truly fantastic.On my own Vivobook I have the new 8.1 upgrade that has a lot more touch features than the original Win 8.One of the things that was a pleasant surprise was while I was chatting on Skype and was given a link to look at a product online. When I clicked on it, the chat box immediately reduced down to approx. 1/3 the screen while the website that I clicked on, was open and taking up the rest of the screen.That may not sound that impressive to you, but it illustrates how far MSC went to make this a superior touch interface.Please be aware that there are not as many free games in the MSC store yet, so if you love gaming. perhaps an Android or iPad will suit you better.For those who need a real laptop and would also love to have the fun of a touchscreen, these Vivobooks are impossible to beat.To be sure that the 12 incher suited me best, I bought the 14 incher too and I found it a wee bit too big. Later on, the 13 incher came out and I bought that one too, and it also was a bit too big.Naturally, I feel the same way about the 16 incher. If you want to use the touch interface most of the time, the S500 is too big.The 12, 13 and 14 inchers are good, but the only one that is totally comfortable on one's lap and that can easily be handled with one hand, is the 12 inch model (X202e).For those who cannot decide what size they would like, I suggest going to a store to look at the sizes, even if it's a different brand or not even a touch model. It's only to establish the size of the machine that would best suit you.The S500 has USB3, HDMI an SD card reader and a decent webcam. It also has nice sound, way way better than any of the smaller models. It's actually good enough to sit back and listen to.If you didn't already know, Asus manufactures it's own machines and it shows. HP, Dell, Lenovo, Sony, Toshiba, Acer, do NOT build their own. They are manufactured to spec by another company.Those of us who are in the biz (I repair and tweak computers) refer to Asus as the Rolls Royce of the industry.The s500 looks slick and it performs beyond its price range and is beautifully built with a brushed aluminum surface(the black top is a fingerprint magnet but the silver interior is not).There isn't another laptop in this price range that can compete with the S500.That being said, it would be wise to assure that you like the size, before purchasing.