I purchased this laptop to replace a Samsung that was always having difficulties. I researched higher performance laptops for a few weeks before making a decision. I read the reviews of similar laptops on this site as well as others. I struggled with the decision to move to a Windows 8 system. I read so many reviews of similar laptops that began with the phrase "nice laptop but Windows 8 is dragging my ratings down" or "it would be ok if it did not have Windows 8". I also struggled with the type of screen debate, touch or non-touch type screens. In the end, after speaking with my brother who owns both a touchscreen and non-touchscreen Windows 8 computer, I went with this touchscreen modelI received the laptop, as promised, on New Years Eve. Keep in mind that I am far from a "techie" when it comes to computers. After unpacking the well protected laptop, I plugged it in and powered it up. After doing the setup dance, with no issues, I went to work installing my older MS Office 2007 onto the hard drive. This also went well, not one issue during the install. I have not installed my flight simulation software yet but I do not expect any problems.I have used the laptop for some everyday MS Office chores and various Internet adventures. So far, not a single issue. The WiFi works better than either of my last two laptops. It even works well with only a one bar signal. I downloaded several updates to my software packages and utilities. They all installed with no issues.Now to the Windows 8 debate. I have migrated through the Microsoft Windows jungle since the earliest Windows. The last three laptops were 2 Vista's and a Windows 7. It may be that my personal skills have increased a bit but this Windows 8 upgrade was the easiest yet...to a point. I struggled a bit with some of the features, like organizing the Start Screen and I am still trying figure out some of the quirks of the desk top. I did find that You Tube had better answers than the MS video. I do find that I use both the touch screen and the mouse pad to navigate. For anyone considering the upgrade to a Windows 8 computer, the non touch screen would be workable but the touchscreen is worth the extra cost...JMHO...YMMV...The only real aggravation I have with Windows 8 is the edge of mouse pad gestures...especially from the right side. It is too easy to be sliding your fingertip from the side of the mouse pad and opening the options screen display. This, while aggravating, only requires a tap on the screen or the pad to move on. Very small complaint...UPDATE: Well, I have had this laptop for almost a month...and I just keep getting more satisfied with my choice. Keep in mind that I am far from a "techie". I wrote earlier that one of my concerns with upgrading to this computer was Windows 8. This has been a total non issue except for one glitch. I took the plunge and upgraded to Windows 8.1. This went well but took a long time to download. Now to the glitch. After upgrading to "8.1", my very fast recovery times from sleeping mode, or a fresh reboot, became a comparatively long wait. From a sleep recovery of around 2 seconds, "8.1" would take over a minute.I searched for an answer online and found many posts, but none of the remedies were working for me. I used all the included troubleshooting and found no improvement. Windows 8.1 was telling me my drivers were current. Finally, in complete frustration, I called Dell Customer Service. Unlike another reviewer of this computer, my Dell CS experience was exceptional. After a bunch of remote diagnostic testing, the CS rep determined that I did not have the current drivers needed by "8.1". He loaded the needed drivers, ran some extensive system testing software...and stayed with me as I tested the updated computer...problem completely solved.I have spent the 4 weeks or so I have had this computer running all the programs I ran on Windows 7. So far, even my flight simulators work fine. The learning curve for the switch to "8" was not too steep...irritating at times but never daunting.So, in closing, I am very satisfied with my purchase...it is my first Dell product...and I am very satisfied with Dell's Customer Support...if you are a non tech type, do not fear the Windows 8 switch...it is not terribly different from "7" after you spend a bit of time with it...the "8.1". upgrade makes it even more usable as a "7" type shell...end of updateI would buy this laptop again...RegardsRick