If you've been averse to Chromebooks before, you're like me.  There was always something that held me back.  Build quality, lack of computing power, bad battery life, etc.  This one caught my eye, with its specs anyway.  The design of the computer is understated, but the color scheme is nice, as well as the build quality for a budget computer.  Expansion slots are rather generous for this price point as well, featuring USB 2.0 and 3.0 ports, an SD card slot, and an HDMI out so I can expand my desktop and watch movies or videos on my TV if I want.  The only downside is that the shiny black bezel around the screen is rather reflective.  I'm not really sure why they went that route when the rest of the materials are pretty on point.The performance and battery life are where this computer shines the most though.  With only 2GB of RAM, you might think that it will be sluggish.  You'd be totally wrong.  With the newest Intel Celeron Processor with the Haswell Architecture, this thing not only performs well above its class in speed, it simply outdoes any of the previous Chromebooks that are anywhere near this price range.  Startup is merely seconds.  That processor also helps keep battery life very good.  I've been using this computer going on 3 weeks now and I've noticed days where I used it for 7+ hours and I still had decent battery life remaining.  A lot of this depends on what you're using your computer for; whether you're working on text in WorkFlowy, have 8 windows open in Chrome, or have your screen brightness up pretty high watching videos.  I typically keep mine at around 2/3 brightness, as I don't work in very bright places, nor do I need it to be bright.The keyboard is very nice, even though the spacing in the chiclet keys take some getting used to if you're coming from a more traditional PC keyboard.  The Function keys at top are replaced by just keys that do functions.  Makes it simple and way easier to use than some more feature-heavy Windows laptops.  The speakers, which are underneath the laptop, are actually pretty decent considering how small they are.  I prefer to just use headphones anyway, so that's not really a deal breaker for me.  The touchpad is really nice too, considering the price.  Multi-finger gestures work flawlessly and the feel of the pad is very comfortable.  The "click" of the pad, if you press down, is pretty noisy, but you really don't need to use it at all.I've been getting lots of questions from friends and co-workers about this little machine and I can't help but highly recommend it, just as long as you know what you're delving into.  There is a learning curve if you've never used ChromeOS before, which I hadn't, but there are handy how-to's and guides built into the OS to help you on your way.  As ChromeOS gets updates and the community of WebApps expands, these machines are going to the be at the forefront of a new revolution of computing.