After much research and debate I succumbed to the 256GB Mac Book Air.  Why Because in the last 4 years my family has converted. We started with the Iphone and then the Macbook Pro and the First Gen Mac Air and eventually When we needed one more we did go for an Asus netbook.. not to mention the dead toshiba laptop that is more of a book weight on my table. The windows Pcs and netbooks though have no limitations are a chore to work with once you get spoilt by a Mac.  I even tried a Ipad and felt let down by no flash. That said there are Flash players like Photon and puffin and may more which work well with Ipad too now. But when comparing between the mac air and the Motorola Xoom and the Mac Book Air..The fact that the air would have no limitations other than not being a tablet led me to making the purchase.This is by far the lightest laptop one can have. Sleek and classy. But since I will be putting on a cover that really wont be very obvious.I can have this laptop on my chest while sleeping and work with it.  I do feel I could have used the ipad ...thank to my ipod addiction but I really believe that the ipad screen is not that small and the macbook air is just about a tad bit bigger not to mention it closes so its safer . I  would anyways have to get one of those porfolio case for my ipad which would have made its almost similar in size.i can have the large hard drive space and not to mention the array of apps. ....this version lets you download apps with just 1 click like ur iphone or ipod.I realize the trackpad has more options...The three finger to Copy is awesome. I didnt realise this until I accidentally did it. On further scrutiny I realized there are a few more functions added to the track pad than my old macs.I love the Photo booth and Facetime both.Its 256 GB of flash drive which makes it faster that regular macs and also the 4gb ram is really awesome.Its i5 but u can have i7 for those who need it. For me this itself is an overkill and if my husband would have not pressed on the 13 in screen I reall would have loved the 11 inch.  I did take the 256 GB because I store a lot of photos and educational files on my comp and didnt want and overloaded 128 gb laptop.Apparantly these cant be tweeked to increase Ram but I really dont do all that with a Mac anyways...Windows yes...But i really would not want to risk loosing warranty on my Mac by opening it and replacing it with hardware.I read somewhere that the older versions have no backlit keys ...which is really surprising..because I really thought that was a staple with all macs...That is also one reason I went for the latest one and also the specs with i5 make it more powerful.I have tried the thunderbolt port to watch movies with hdmi...u might have to go into sounds in finder and click on your TV for audio or it may seem like it does not support audio like the old thunderbolt ports.A good complete laptop.Why did I cancel a Star...I really see there is so much competition and considering there is not a huge difference between the older and newer mac book airs this one is still priced very steep.Not to mention no USB 3.0.Else...It more than suits my needs.