I always had an urge to try an Apple product. I've heard only great things about them, especially their brand of laptops and the infamous iPods. I had a year old Lenovo Ideapad Y450 and was looking to upgrade it. I started inquiring about getting a Macbook Pro around in January. I started my search before the newest Macbooks came out and when i decided to buy one, they had just released the new 2011 models, to my utter delight. I waited a few weeks to decide if i should get a refurbished one, a used one, or bite the bullet and get this model. Well I decided to treat myself and get the newest model available. If your gonna get a macbook pro and shell out $100s or even $1000s, you might as well and get a new one.As soon as i got it i was delighted. My first Macbook Pro! I went with the 13" primarily because of the price (I want to upgrade to the 17" sometime later this year however). Before i even booted up the machine for the first time, i put in Kingston Apple 8GB Kit (2x4GB Modules) 1066MHz DDR3 SODIMM iMac and Macbook Memory (KTA-MB1066K2/8G), maxing out the machine to 8GBs (So i could run Windows 7 via Parallels with ease). The ram install didn't take long and soon i had my machine booting up nicely. I went through the initial boot setup and then i was at the desktop. I began to notice that the colors were a bit odd and became worried that the screen was defective but after a little digging into the System Preferences i changed the color profile and the colors now look normal. After downloading some essential applications i began to transfer my files over to the mac via an Ethernet-to-Ethernet connection. I was able to transfer 100GB+ worth of music, video, pictures and documents in less than 2 hours thanks to the built-in gigabit Ethernet ports on both machines. After getting my new laptop setup the way i wanted it i did a backup with Time Machine to an external WD drive.I'm very satisfied with my purchase and the fact i decided to get it from Amazom.com (Cheaper to get it here, even with Apple's educational discount and got it the next day via Amazon Prime's $3.99 shipping). I used OS X before (Hackintosh) so the learning curb wasn't huge. The trackpad is nice. It says that its made of glass but honestly i can't see or feel any glass. Its smooth, i know that. I also bought Speck Products See-Thru Case for 13-Inch MacBooks with Aluminum Unibody/Black Keyboard (Clear) to protect my investment. There are already tiny scratches on the case, a sign that the case is already paying for itself because those scratches would have ended up being on the macbook instead.)One gripe i do have is that the battery life isn't really all that different from my previous laptop. I know that the advertised 7 hours is based on light web browsing, screen brightness on medium and whatnot but i at least expected to get maybe 4-5 hours with the browsing, music playing and brighter screen settings. I seem to only get about 2.5-3 hours but again that's understandable i guess.EDIT: I figured out that the battery life was reduced because of running Windows 7 with Parallels. I'm able to get around the advertised 5-6 hours when i'm not running Parallels. I mainly run it alongside Snow Leopard cause i use MediaMonkey (I can't use iTunes on mac cause it doesn't sync with my Sansa Fuze player.) Guess i'll have to make a hard decision soon regarding that..