Purchased this computer (from amazon) based on the specs. My previous laptop was a Lenovo Ideapad y550p. I had nothing but good experiences and decided to purchase another.  As soon as I received the computer I replaced the hard drive with a new one and installed windows 7 Pro 64 bit. I installed the windows 7 drivers from the Lenovo website and immediately encountered my first problems. All of the drivers seemed to install properly BUT, the device manager showed two unknown USB devices. The computer ran well (excepting a few nvidia blue screens while gaming). More troubling was the following. Even with the battery FULLY CHARGED , if the computer was shut down for more than a few hours, it WOULD NOT START until the charger was plugged in. I tried removing and re installing drivers but, the results were always the same. My next step was to switch back to the factory hard drive. I set the the bios back to the original settings and booted into windows 8.0. I downloaded and installed (from the microsoft store ) the 8.1 update. So far so good. Windows update then installed numerous other updates and things seemed to be progressing smoothly. I checked the device manager , and lo and behold, the two unknown usb devices had been found! I deduced that they are tied to the Lenovo power management software. I decided to give windows 8.1 a try despite the conflicting reviews. I began enjoying the laptop. The features all worked, performance and ergonomics were satisfying in my daily use. EXCEPT, and oh boy, do I mean EXCEPT, the same power problem existed. Nothing I tried could get the thing to start after many down hours EXCEPT plugging in the charger. This was very troubling as I consider myself somewhat of an advanced user-( have built several dozen desktop systems). Internet searches revealed many others with the exact same problem. None of these users seemed to have successfully resolved their power issue. Next step was Lenovo technical support. First, I must say that all of my wait times were reasonable, and the techs were very courteous and seemed knowledgeable. I spent a few hours going through settings with them and allowed remote access to my laptop. The net result was no change. OK now I give up and send it back to be repaired. No problem right!? I mean Lenovo says seven day turn around. Well they acknowledged receiving the computer on April 25. Today (May 6) I get a voice mail from Lenovos service center that I can expect the laptop to be shipped back June 13th (Friday the 13th ironically enough ) due to back ordered parts. I'm glad I missed the call because I don't believe that I would have remained very polite If I had actually spoken to the caller!!  To me this kind of delay for a BRAND NEW model computer Is not just unacceptable, It's UNFORGIVABLE. The things are being built every day so, what's this BS excuse about back ordered parts?So in summary let me just say, NO, NO, NO, NO....HELL NO!!!!