I think many folks would agree that for the past year the Samsung has been the state of the art when it comes to Chromebooks.  I own two of them and both my wife and I have been quite happy using them.  For her, it represents a primary machine where she is able to do 99% of what she ever needs with a computer, e.g., email, Facebook, Pinterest, etc.  For me, it has been a great secondary machine which I use primarily for writing when I am away from my office.As much as I have liked my Samsung Chromebook, it has always felt like it was just 95% of the way there.  My issue has always been that the performance was a little slower than it should be.  Rather than smoothly navigating between windows and around the web, it always felt like it was lagging a second behind my performance expectations.  My wife doesn't notice and doesn't mind because it is all she ever uses and it feels perfectly fine for her.  For me, however, after spending 10 hours a day working on a fantastic Macbook Pro I can distinctly feel the difference when I downshift to my Samsung at home at night.  It was good enough for my use cases that I didn't mind enough to pursue my most likely alternative (buy a Macbook air), but it rankled nonetheless.Well, I am happy to report that the architecture improvements with the C720 have absolutely removed all of those concerns.  I've been using my new C720 extensively since it arrived a couple days ago and I am happy to report that in my mind it is an absolutely perfect machine for what I use it for.  It navigates the web with aplomb with the same snappy performance as my MacBook.  The Google Docs apps are absolutely perfect for my needs when I am away from my office.  My company uses Office 365 so I can even use the web versions of the MS Office Suite in those rare circumstances where I can't meet my needs with Google Docs.Side-by-side with the Samsung I find the machines to be more similar than not.  The design of the Samsung is marginally more sleek and attractive, but we aren't comparing a sports car to an 18-wheeler here.  The design of the Acer is just fine, at least to my eyes.  As for usage, I actually prefer the keyboard and trackpad on the Acer to the Samsung, though both of those are clearly features that are highly subjective in terms of how people experience them.  I read some reviews that complained about the build quality of the Acer, but I will say that I actually find it to feel much more "solid" than the Samsung which was always just a smidgen too "plasticky" for me.If you have a Samsung and think it is a perfect machine then I would not bother buying a C720.  I am not planning to replace my wife's, though I am guessing that might change if she ever gets the chance to use my C720 and actually notices the difference.  If you have a Samsung and it has always felt just a little bit slow, then by all means grab one of these as soon as they are in stock.  It is a near perfect machine for word processing, simple spreadsheets and web surfing.  I cannot in a million years imagine spending a grand for a Macbook Air when I can have this guy for 20 to 25% of that price.  I make that comparison because that was the choice I was making to solve my particular problem...I want a great machine that I can use when I am away from my desk and need to write or surf the web.  I would have kept using the Samsung in that scenario by just eating the aggravation I felt over its performance, but it would have always bugged me.  The C720, on the other hand, is the perfect Chromebook and actually a perfect computer as long as your use cases match its vast capabilities.  These things are almost perfect enough that I am even starting to consider deploying them within my company for our sales reps to use.