I work for a small non-profit that is a mix platform environment. We are slowly migrating from XP Professional to Win 7 Professional. We plan to stay Win 7 Professional as our primary platform until 2015 or a version of Windows 8 that is not created for dyslexic hipster kitties. This hardware is actually usable for business application. We run two Windows 2008 R2 servers and these HP 2000-428dx laptops work really well as mid-level pac computers hooked to our network. I had stayed clear of HP for the last few years but was willing to give them a shot again because of the AMD hardware specs, reasonable price point, and a design that is more or less right for business use.We run Word, Excel, Outlook, and a custom win 32 app on it. It handles wireless networks well which is a godsend for our users. I am our agencies IT department. I have purchased 3 of these computers so far. I am going to be ordering a couple more. Two came from one of the box stores and one from Amazon. Amazon was cheaper and had them instock when I order the last one. Hardware wise all three have worked well out of the box. I installed Win 7 Pro and never ran the stock Win 7 Home. It runs well four or five business apps at a time including the Kaspersky antivirus which is a memory hog. Though the 4 gigs of RAM  seem to keep the program from not bogging down these machines. Users typically reboot at the beginning of the day and are good till the end of the day. Normal Windows 7 load time. I stress that these are fine for mid-level price conscious computers. You will not be playing Skyrim, have two dozen Chrome tabs open, running a Virtual Machine with your vintage OS2 running just to play Mahjong on it, while listening to Mumford and Sons on this hardware without seriously bogging it down. I wouldn't image trying to run say Adobe graphics software on this or non-business applications.The hardware design is functional and is aestethically pleasing. The mousepad can be turned off when you plug in a wireless mouse which makes typing much easier!  My one real gripe is the power cord seems to follow HP's model of producing cheap cords. I wish they would migrate towards designing a similar power cord more like the Macbook power cord with the magnetic lock in place of the current design that feels flimsy. I imagine the cord will break before the year is out though the jury is still out on this aspect. Overall, this model is worth the money and if HP keeps producing solid computers like this then they will have a chance at not just survival but becoming popular again. I also wish they would produce some of their computers in the USA. I would pay a extra 100 for the made in USA sticker.I have had two of these online for 30+ days with no real complaints. 1 has been on for 15+ days with no real complaints. I will update if I have any real problems and hope to get at least two years out of these computers. I will update this review if I notice any major hardware issues.