I purchased the black version of the Chromebook 11 for my daughter in high school. I was tired of administering Windows laptops and wanted something that she could use both for writing papers ( Google Docs ) and internet access to school websites and online text books and not have to worry about games, viruses, etc. She always has WiFi access at home, school and the local library, so a Chromebook made a lot of sense. The small size size 12" x 8" x 0.7" and weight ~2 lbs makes it easy to lug around in a backpack all day.About the Charger:The charger is a 3A micro-USB charger that is about the size of a cell phone charger (much smaller than a bulky laptop charger). Huge bonus is this charger can also charge her Galaxy Android phone, so she only needs to carry around a single charger - and its small. A regular 1A or 2A micro-USB cell phone charger will also slowly charge the battery if the Chromebook is off, or dramatically slow down the battery discharge of an already charged battery if the Chromebook is on. If the battery is completely dead and you only have a 1A or 2A charger you need to keep the Chromebook off until the battery gets a bit of a charge. Confusing - I know. My only concern is that micro-USB connectors in general are rather fragile compared to large "barrel" jacks. The cable is connected directly to the wall adapter ( instead of a USB-A connector ), so if the micro-USB connector breaks ( it happens ), you must buy another $20 3A charger from Google or HP instead of just replacing a $5 USB cable. Standard USB cables won't handle 3 amps, so I get why its soldered directly, still its unfortunate. Only the special HP 3A chargers will completely power the Chromebook and charge the battery at the same time, so you really need at least one. I think having all portable electronic devices charge from the same micro-USB connector is a fantastic move for the industry though. Are you listening Tim?Other features: The screen and keyboard are fantastic. The CPU is fast and perfectly adequate for Google Docs and web surfing. This isn't truly a laptop replacement, more of a tablet with built in keyboard and minimal local storage. That said, it is much faster ( and smaller ) than the MSI U100 Intel Atom Netbook that it replaced.Cloud Printing is simple enough assuming you have a Windows PC connected to printers, you just enable cloud printing through the Chrome browser on the PC and then your Chromebook ( and all your devices with Google accounts ) will have access to those printers - Very slick Google. Haven't tried Google Docs offline mode yet, but as far as I know it should work to write documents even outside of WiFi range.I definitely plan to purchase more Chromebooks in the future as I think it is quite practical for a large household to have a single Windows PC supplemented by tablets and Chromebooks. I highly recommend the black Chromebook 11 for basic web access and Google Docs.