I did a lot of research before ultimately buying the Samsung just over a month ago. I read a ton of reviews before purchasing so I thought I would come back and write my own review. Some of the things I was looking for: sturdy machine that doesn't break easy, keyboard & machine that was comfortable & quiet, small screen, portable, powerful processor, plenty of memory, good sound & LCD screen for movie watching, sleek & modern design, good battery life, Price under $800. This laptop fits all of those criteria perfectly. I was looking at the Toshiba portege, Sony Vaio & Dell XPS15. While those machines all had a good feature or two, they were lacking in one or two areas that were important. The VAIO had very poor sound, it was much flimsier in terms of breaking or cracking because of the plastic frame, it had a good keyboard and look that I liked, but slower processor & very weak battery life for similar price. The Dell had great sound, same processor, but I have had bad experiences with Dells in the past & the look & feel is clunky to me. When I went into the store and tried it out I ruled it out right away. In the end it was between the Portege & the Samsung. The portege was a bit smaller at 13", but just the overall design, the key close together, the processor made a loud noise & I had a lot of friends who didn't recommend Toshiba. Initially, I was reluctant to buy a Samsung given that they have not been in this market for a really long time like some of the other companies out there & I didn't know much about their reputation. But in the end I decided to take a chance on the brand because of the size, sleek design, processor, & memory. I have been extremely pleased with this machine.Pros: absolutely love the keyboard...it is like a MAC. On my dell I am always typing the wrong letter because they are so close together. The keys have a small space between and do not make a really loud clicking sound. The i5 processor is very fast for me. I transferred a large amount of files from another computer to the Samsung. They took 10 minutes to load onto the memory stick from my other computer & just a few minutes to transfer from the stick onto this machine. I can have lots of things running & no issues with processing. It is compact and easily portable, but is extremely sturdy at the same time. I fell asleep watching a movie on my bed and it fell off my bed onto hard wood floors. It landed with ease and no scratches, dents or chips. Just a very solid machine, but still compact. Sound quality is good for a computer. It isn't stereo sound like the XPS15, but it is still good as laptops come (unlike the Sony VAIO). Has the USB ports, & I happen to like the cover for it. I am not a huge gamer so the graphics card was not that important to me & I can't speak to the quality of that. A few reviews that I read mentioned the mouse track pad being touchy. When I first got it out of the box it was touchy, but I played around with settings & now it works perfect. Battery life is excellent. The web cam is great & easy to use.Cons: Honestly there are very few cons to this machine. The LED screen has that glossy finish so you will get finger prints. Check out Cnet to find out how to clean it & you'll be good on that. At first I didn't think I would like the cover on the Ports, but I haven't had any issues with it so far & like it now because when I'm not using them they are not visible. No bluetooth or Blue-Ray, but I didn't care about answering my phone through the computer & the Blue-Ray wasn't important to me.If you're looking for a good, sturdy, compact machine with a lot of features & great processor & memory, this machine is an excellent pick. I highly recommend it.