I am a medical student and I cannot tell you how many people in my class use this computer for their everyday life.  It seems as though Apple hit the mark, especially in the education realm, as this laptop and it's various versions (15, 13, different speeds and revisions) are almost ubiquitous in the classroom.  So much so that the PC users are sometimes made fun of for their choice of computer.I am a power user.  I've had computers from a 386, an Acer 486DX, 2 Toshiba's, 1 compaq, 1 Macbook Pro G4, 1 Macbook Pro aluminum, 2 custom build desktops, 1 Macbook, and now this guy.  The elegance of design, the crispness of the screen, the ease of use of the chicklet keyboard compared to that of the Macbook Pro aluminum, the battery life, the speed....they all add up and you really do notice a far superior experience than on your run of the mill PC laptop.  True, the laptop is not the state of the art with processor and high end graphics card, but Apple pays attention to power draws and makes that a hug portion of their decision when it comes to upgrade options.Thus, I can't justify the computer on the basis of sheer processor power and gadgets alone.  If you're a user that needs all those features (TV tuner, multicard reader, and state of the art graphics card), then this computer isn't for you.  I would suggest looking into an HP Envy or, if you have money to burn, buy a ridiculously overpriced but jaw dropping Alienware laptop that will probably only get you 2 hrs of battery life.  The point is, there are lots of options out there but what this computer and it's macbook product line offers is a computer experience that will literally change the way you do everyday things, everything from web browsing to managing files.Pros:- Multi-touch pad is amazing.  I've gone back to use my old Macbook Pro aluminum that I sold and absolutely hate using that trackpad.  I HAVE to be able to use all fingers now.  My productivity depends upon it.- The screen, although not the highest resolution screen out there, is incredibly bright, responsive, and crisp.  It's the best screen I've had to date.- The keyboard is amazing.  I love how they've designed it.  Not only does it look good, but it's incredibly easy to type on and makes other keyboards inferior.  The backlight is great and I can't imagine how annoying it would be to have a laptop without a backlight after using it.- The battery, despite everyone saying it's not up to what's advertised, is good up to 7 hrs and I'm fine with that.  I easily get a full day's worth without charging it and I have to watch lectures and do writeups on it throughout the day.  The battery hasn't ever let me down.- The OS.  Right now Windows has a product very comparable to the experience of OS X and I actually do enjoy using Windows 7 on my desktop (LOVE the new window sizing scheme!), but at the end of the day I feel more comfortable getting my work done under OS X.  The ease of use, the availability of everything, the snappiness in speed, Spotlight, and Time Machine all make me prefer OS X over Windows 7.Cons:- I do wish it had a better graphics card, but I understand Apple's reasoning and it is, after all, a 13" laptop.  It runs Call of Duty: Modern Warfare just fine on full.- I hate it how Apple fills up the memory slot's with 2Gb sim's and not one 4Gb sim.  If I wanted to max out the memory at 8Gb, I'd have to buy two new 4Gb sims.- The harddrive is a little left to be desired.  It's not terrible, but it's not great in terms of size.  I would also like to have had a faster drive.- Price.  This is what gets everyone every time.Ultimately, if you have $1400 saved to buy a laptop and you're looking for a good, dependable laptop that will honestly last you for the next 3 years before you might see lag in performance with the greatest and latest software, I would HIGHLY suggest this computer.  It truly is the best laptop I've ever owned and there is a reason why it comes so highly recommended by students.