I've copied this review based off the same model with a different configuration.  But thought I'd include it here to help.Update 04-22-2014: About a year old now and this is still going strong.  I've just upgraded the HD to 1 TB Samsung SSD SATA Samsung Electronics 840 EVO-Series 1TB 2.5-Inch SATA III Single Unit Version Internal Solid State Drive MZ-7TE1T0BW and another 1 TB mSATA SSD Samsung Drive Samsung 840 EVO MZ-MTE1T0BW 1TB mSATA Internal SSD Single Unit Version for 2 TB of SSD.  (one of the advantages of being able to upgrade the components).  It's also running with 16 GB RAM.  I have the mini docking station HP (D9Y32UT#ABA) UltraSlim Dock 2013 Docking Station for EliteBook Folio 9470m Notebook which I wasn't going to get originally, but it is great and simple to use, one quick connect.  I have 3 monitors going, 2 24" HP widescreen monitors HEWLETT CPQ LA2405x 24 LED Monitor - A9P21A8ABA and the laptop screen.  (One monitor is using the display port, the other using the SVGA port, both off the docking station.I also purchased the extra battery slice 2QN9167 - HP BA06 Long Life Battery for extra time.  Keep in mind, the docking station does not support having the extra battery in place, you have to remove it which is a nuisance, so I usually don't have the battery slice on.  I will take it only if I know I'll be away from a power source for a long period of time.  Also to note, the battery can't be charged without it being attached to the laptop.  The battery adds what feels to be 2/3 of the laptop weight and height, although the edges are tapered, but provides around 15 hours which includes using the existing laptop battery that came with it.Previous Update: I've upgraded the SSD to a 512GB and I'm loving the quick response and large capacity it now offers.  Makes quick work of video rendering also, very little heat noted also.Original Post / Impressions:I would rate this more a 4.5  This laptop has it all.  I'm going to review this a bit backwards with what I don't like first, because there's so much I do like.Fan noise loud (It seems to run constantly, even when I'm just browsing.  Yes, running as I type this review).Screen Resolution seems limited considering the resolution screens are coming out with today.Missing touch screen capabilities and Stylus, so all windows 8 perks would be lost.My first thought unboxing this was how large this is.  I'm use to a 13" ultrabook.Part of me wishes it came in a 13" model, but the 14" is growing on me.  This is thin and very solidly built.HP has answered basically every issue I've had with existing ultrabooks on the market these days with the above exceptions.  Most laptops are always missing a few of these features below, but not this one.Backlit keyboard - yesFull SD Card Slot - yes, no usb card reader neededBig touch pad - yes, also nice size wrist/palm rest.VGA port - yes, no dongles neededNetwork port - yes, no usb adapters neededUser Expandable!!!!!!RAM, up to 16 GB (2 Slots)HD (If you want to exchange for a larger SSD)Battery can be swapped out.Comes with an option for an extended battery (haven't seen yet, but supposedly thin and clamps to the bottom to provide almost 20hrs work time so probably more like 12-14 hrs real time, but that's all day computing without plugging in.Nice featuresDedicated Mute buttonBio metric readerFilled only 1 of 2 RAM slots, one slot remains open, so to expand to 8 GB, you do not need to purchase 2 4 GB chips, only 1 needed.2 USB 3 ports next to each other - great for that external DVD recorder that you may need from time to time (Most DVDs require 2 USB ports)Sim card slotRubbery like coating on the outside case, minimizes finger prints and makes it easy to grip.Docking station capable180 GB SSD vs. typical 132 GB SSD.Sound, not too badMissingFront Camera - good for recording meetingsWould like to of seen a higher resolution screen10 point touch with pressure sensitivity screen with digitizer stylus for pen inputMy other ultrabook has an i5 processor, but this is so much faster.  Part I belive is the SSD,the other part though is because it's new and not alot of software has been loaded to slow it down.I can't get over how smooth and thin this is.  Although it's long / tall.  Typing on this is not bad, keys have plenty of travel.I've installed MS Office 2013, a pdf converter, picasa, Fujitsu scanner software and a few utilities.  HD space avaliable is around 95 GB out of 144GB.  The extra HD space given helps (180 vs typical 132 GBs).  I still need to load lightroom, camtasia, captivate, proshow producer pdf converter and a few other utilities.I'm on the fence debating if I should upgrade to the 516GB SSD.  I've already ordered 2 8 GB Ram chips to expand the memory to 16GB Ram.  I'll update this with my findings.  I'm also posting pics for reference.The power brick is also nice and small so if you are a road warrior, this is an ideal travel companion.  Only thing missing is the ability to convert to a tablet and having a stylus and touchscreen.  Perhaps the next version.Hope this helps.