I almost returned this laptop, but decided the pros outweighed the cons. Instead, I am choosing to compensate for for the weaknesses by spending more time and money than I should have to. I'm doing this because of the reasonable price (the same price or less than most similarly configured laptops that weigh more, don't have touch screens, and are not convertible), the quality of the product (solid, nice rubbery skin, finger-friendly keyboard sealed to prevent damage from spills, hard drive protected to minimize damage from dropping, 2 USB-3 ports, and more), the fact that it is a full-featured ultrabook AND a high-end responsive tablet, and the 4-mode convertibility.As an aside, it seems to me that the weirdness of Windows 8 - two operating systems existing simultaneously - makes perfect sense (but only makes any sense at all) on a machine like this that is both fully a laptop and fully a tablet. It's my only Windows 8 device and I would definitely NOT upgrade any of my non-touch screen devices to Windows 8.Cons:1. Battery - As many others said, I can't get more than 3 hours of battery life even after spending hours configuring all the options for power-saving and with modest power usage such as checking emails and word processing. The 7 hour claim is an outrage and really false advertising. The auto-power saving mode sets the screen so dim that you can barely see anything. All my work is international and I travel to Europe, Russia, or Africa about once a month. I have to have at least 5 hours of battery life. So I bought an external battery that will allow me to use it when the battery is dead and will recharge the battery at the same time. So essentially I have added another pound to the weight of the machine and a $100 to the cost (frowny face emoticon here). It cost $100 not $195 only because I found a great "Black Friday" deal. However, I should be able to get 9 hours out of it now (happy face emoticon here). You can't just carry an extra battery (which cost about $175) because to replace the battery requires taking the machine completely apart and if you do it yourself you will probably void the warranty. I feel pretty confident about these things, but I would take it to a certified repair place to replace the battery.2. No user manual. There is a "Hardware Maintenance Manual" available online which has some of the information you need, but not all, and a lot of information you don't need. It's evident that it was not written for the user.3. Can't add RAM...at least not easily. It is not in a slot but soldered to the mother board. As of now, the machine is very speedy and 4 GB is fine. However, if needed in the future after I have loaded on (too) many programs, it would be nice to be able to add RAM without having to do major surgery.4. Technical Support is inadequate. I couldn't get the tablet mode to work because the "lock screen rotation" button didn't work. Technical support was no help. They knew almost nothing about this machine and admitted it. The TS person told me that I knew more than he did about this machine. I assumed that it was broken and was ready to take it back when I finally found through a web search that I needed to update the Power Manager to a newer version. Here's the link in case you need it:[...]Now it works. How could they ship out this product with an essential function not working?Love is not just blind, but stupid. I apparently love this machine enough (conditionally, however) so that I am stupidly spending money that I shouldn't spend and time that I don't have to work around or compensate for the problems and to write this review. Hope this helps you.