I've owned this laptop for a little less than a week and I'm so glad I decided to pull the trigger on this one.  I've been in the market for a new gaming laptop for the past few months and I was leaning towards purchasing the Alienware 17.  Thankfully, I came across this brand new Asus model and did some side by side comparisons to the Alienware model.Bottom line, the Asus G750JM-DS71 has much better specs than the Alienware and the Asus comes at a better price.  The main differences were that the Asus had 12 GBs of RAM compared to the 8 GBs of RAM from the Alienware.  Asus also came with the brand new GPU from NVIDIA the GeForce GTX 860M where the Alienware came with the NVIDIA GTX 765M. Both GPUs with 2GB. Who doesn't love the latest technology? Both laptops come with the Intel Core I7-4700 processor and similar hard drive sizes. The Asus also comes with the 802.11ac wireless connection (More on this later in the review).  Although the Asus seems to have latest and more supieror hardware, the Alienware 17 costs about $350 more.  Obviously the price will be higher for a well known brand name like Alienware, but to me that extra $350 cost was not justified in this case. There are a few things that I've noticed so far that makes me even more confident that I made the right decision with Asus. The screen on this laptop is just plain outstanding. I'm not used to having matte screens look this good but Asus got it just right. The keyboard feels nice and responsive but I still prefer the feel of a mechanical keyboard for gaming so I have one hooked up to this laptop.One thing I did want to touch upon is the wireless card on this laptop. It comes with the latest 802.11ac and I will say that the wireless connection is unbelievable. Just to give you an idea, my internet connection is meant to be at max stated by Verizon FIOS to be 75mbps download speed and 35mbps upload speed.  My desktop gets about 49mbps download and 35mbps upload on wifi.  When hardwired on an ethernet connection, I would get the same upload while the download would get up to about 78mbps. When I tested this laptop, I got 79mbps download speed and 39mbps upload speed while on wifi.  That wireless speed is ridiculous!  So hats off to Asus for providing such an outstanding wireless card that is equivilent to the speed of a hard wired ethernet connection.As far as temperature, this laptop doesn't get hot at all even after a couple hours of intense gaming.  Gaming was a dream with max settings on Dota 2, I had my frames per second maxed at 60fps and no lag and consistent ping ranging from 50-80 ping. Asus did a great job at releasing the heat towards the back of the laptop so I never feel the laptop get warm at all.  As far as the sound system, its not great but I mainly use my headphones anyway so I'm not too concerned about that.In conclusion, I would recommend this laptop to anyone who would like to get the most value for their money in a laptop. I look forward to spending hours gaming on my new beast of a machine.