I've been using this unique machine for about five hours now (update below). Before I review it, I want to give some context: I regularly use the Nexus 10 for mobile computing with a keyboard - arguably the best screen you can buy on a tablet.  I also have the first Nexus 7.  I have tried to present on my Nexus 10 and it crashed the projector.  So I have been using my Asus 1201n running Win8.1 to handle all MS programs.Enter the Asus T100.  I didn't buy it for the tablet option, though that is useful.  I bought it for a few reasons - 10 hrs of Microsoft usage without plugging in.  Good touchscreen.  Light - very important - it must fit in my small shoulder bag with my Nexus 10 and a book without strain. Fast processor - at least four times faster than the Atom dual core in my Asus 1201n, which really was cutting edge in Sept. 2010 (still pretty solid).My initial verdict.Screen - you won't be upset.  Any rendering problems are Microsoft's and not due to the pixel count. If the pixel count was higher on this size screen MS rendering would make everything really small (Android is much better with this 10" form). Asus's reading mode turns the screen a yellow hue, but may help the eyes. Touch functionality is exceptional - though reviewers say it only has 5 pt touch, not 10 (which used to be standard - not sure why this has been reduced - though I never use 10 fingers on the screen at once). Track pad is also quite good, though I'm not a clicker - I like to double tap - which this does well.Charging - slowKeyboard - cramped compared to my 12 inch netbook.  Cramped compared to my Bluetooth Motorola android keyboard (which is superb). But in five hours I feel like I'm already about 50% adapted to the key layout.  Way better than typing on the screen.  Definitely takes some getting used to.Processor and performance - Snappy.  This is not an i5 chip, for sure.  But you won't wait for anything to load when launching apps. This is my fastest machine - it feels like a work horse to me, but I don't do video editing and I don't play pc games.  I do regularly use ppt, vlc, youtube ripper, lots of chrome.  Let's say I'm an aggressive word processor, browser, ppt user.  This is ideal for me, though I could enjoy a 12 inch screen.  The biggest issue that makes the screen feel cramped is simply the small Win8 text rendering - which can be adjusted.My advice - I'd buy this over a Chromebook .  I'd buy this over the high priced but attractive looking Yoga and any other Win8 running Mac Book Air competitor (definitely buy it over a surface - you'd have to be crazy to pull the trigger on a surface pro over this baby). The 2gb of ram is much speedier on this machine than the 4gb ram in my Asus 1201n (that I upgraded).  I haven't had a ram issue yet and I'm running lots of programs and apps simultaneously.For what it is worth, I agree with most everything said in this review: [...]Enjoy!Update after a few days of use:The battery is exceptional. On a typical day I use the computer about 7 hours and I regularly have 30% left by the time I close the lid (brightness is set to auto adjust).  It also accepts a charge from my external battery pushing my mobile work time up to double the reported 10 hrs.I'm adjusting to the keyboard, but like many reviewers have noted, the right shift key is small and I often miss it.  Please note: the two feet of the hinge, which touch the table when the screen is up, can scratch a wood finish very easily.  I produced three scratches at home before I figured out what the sound was. Like one reviewer as well, my keyboard had a slight warp that made it wobble.  I've bent it back into shape.  Some parts of the construction seem needlessly cheap, like the warped keyboard and the glossy and sometimes flimsy back of the tablet.  Less like the Nexus 10 back and more like the lid to my old Asus 1201n.  You don't notice the flex until you pick up the screen in tablet mode.Overall, I continue to be impressed with the performance and functionality of the T100.  Win 8.1 is great on this machine. It is everything I wanted in Android that Google or MS won't allow - split screen, great multitasking, great MS Office experience. It has an awesome Baytrail chip with an exceptional balance between power and battery life. Rumor is, too, that once the first Android Baytrails are launched the T100 will be able to dual boot Android and Win 8.1.Update after one month of use:My concerns about the keyboard are gone.  I'm fully adjusted to the size and placement of keys and I can type as comfortably on this machine as I can on a full sized keyboard.  I did notice the reduction in size for about two weeks, then it faded from consciousness and my typing seemed normal.This is my daily driver - I have no need of any other computer or tablet with this machine.  I did load up a few indie games - particularly FEZ.  The  tablet keyboard combo seems to be ideal for this type of game.  You have about 10hrs of battery, so the only problem you will have playing relatively simple games on here is that they'll be difficult to put down.  My initial concerns about build quality diminish the more I use the device.  In my opinion this is the top of the pack for tablet and "air laptop" usage.