I will admit, my loyalty to google started with the search engine, solidified with Gmail and the Chrome browser, and went totally all-in with Android.  In this context, let me say that I love the Chromebook 11, my first Chromebook, after owning it for just 2 days.I have put it through it's paces and have to say it is a great alternative to tablets for those prefering the traditional laptop form factor.Points of discussion:1-portability.  The Chromebook 11 is the perfect size, weight and thickness for travel.  Basically a little thicker and heavier than most 10" tablets but not by much.2-charger.  Using a micro-usb charger is a stroke of genius.  Rated at 3A, it will charge my Chromebook, my smartphone and my tablet.  Huge plus in my book.  Certainly better than the power brick most Win laptops come with and many tablets have.3-screen.  This screen compares favorably to my original Nexus 7.  It is bright with good viewing angle.  It is my better than my full size Gateway laptop, and it is what I consider a "premium" display.  Bright, colorful, sharp.4-sound.  Every laptop I've used suffered in sound quality and volume.  The Chromebook has passable sound quality but is much louder from the fact that sound emanates through the keyboard.  Plenty loud for my purposes.  A negative is that sound stutters if the processor is taxed.  Unfortunately, this includes any sort of web browsing while you have music playing in the background.  I didn't think audio amounted to a huge processor load and wonder if this isn't some glitch that can be fixed--after all, I listen to music and browse all the time with my smartphone.5-Google.  You have to love google or forget it.  That means using Chrome, Gmail, Drive, Music, Google Docs etc.  If you do already, great.  If not, you better jump on board or don't buy this.  If you are thinking about making the transition, definitely search the internet for quirks ie. specific file types, workarounds, etc.  May not be "doable" for you.6-Keyboard.  Solid chicklet-style keyboard.  Fullsize.  Definitely better than most $500 laptops out there.  I love it.7-Trackpad.  I was always a mouse guy.  I immediately paired the Microsoft bluetooth mouse with the Chromebook as soon as I set it up.  But this trackpad is easy to use, so much so that I may ditch the mouse.  First trackpad that I'm starting to really dig--just after 2 days!8-Ports.  Not a lot.  Just 2 USB 2.0 ports.  No SD card reader.  No HDMI.  Not a problem for me since I am used to using Google Drive or a USB thumbdrive.9-Processing speed.  This is not a fast computer.  Some webpages take noticeably longer to load.  I feel this is the main downside to this laptop.Bottom line, I considered a high end Ultrabook (namely, the Samsung ATIV Plus or the LENOVO YOGA 2 PRO) but in the end, the Chromebook satisfies 90% of my travel needs, and 100% of my sitting-in-front-of-the-TV-browsing needs.  Lastly, I bought my Chromebook 11 from Google Play.  After having an issue with my Nexus 7 after 11 months of ownership, I will say that Google customer service is top notch and a pleasure to deal with.  Something to think about.  I did have to pay tax and shipping though.