I ordered the G73J-A1 at the end of July.  I decided to write this review to help people learn what they have to do in order to make it work well.First off, you must know that the drivers for the Radeon HD 5870 that are installed are the ones you should stay with. If you update to the newest drivers, it will cause problems with games crashing and videos/sound skipping or freezing.  ASUS is working on a fix for this.  I also believe that this is what people are talking about when they say their laptop overheats.The second thing you should become acquainted with is that the touchpad needs to be configured and calibrated to your tastes.  I downloaded the newest drivers from ASUS's website for the touchpad and after tweaking the settings, I'm able to use the touchpad to my liking.  When the laptop first comes to you, you might think the buttons are very hard to push and the touchpad is not that responsive to your touch.  Give yourself some time to calibrate yourself and tweak the settings with the new driver and it works fine.  Ditto for the keyboard which some people say is slow to react to their typing. I'm typing on it right now and the only problem I have is I mishit keys while I type.  It works perfectly and the backlight on the keys is awesome.Other people have also said they had problems with the Creative software (EAX) seeing that the soundcard is not a true Creative product.  I deinstalled the EAX drivers when I had the sound/crash problems from updating the ATI Radeon driver.  I never reinstalled it and I still think the sound is pretty good (I'm a music teacher/musician so I think I know a little about this).The G73J-A1 is awesome for music creation and gaming.  I use Cakewalk Sonar 8.5 for home recording and have no problem with it at all.  It also cooks on gaming and I've not had any problems except when I updated the ATI Radeon driver to the newest version.  It's perfectly usable with the driver ASUS installed and you can always download the old driver and reinstall it from ASUS's website should you have a problem.If you are good with configuring your laptop it really is worth the money.  I rated it 4 stars only because you need to know what you're doing to make it work perfectly.  I found the following website to be really good for reference if you have problems:  [...]---------------------------------3/5/2012 UPDATEI have gotten Grey Screen of Death video card errors sporadically over the almost 2 years of having this laptop.  I found a place on the ASUS Support forums where they offered a way of flashing the VBIOS (which is not fully supported but was given with directions from one of the forum moderators).  Since doing that....I've had no GSOD problems.  I still love this laptop and even use it with my wireless HDMI connector to use it as a media center in my house. I also use it for work (music teacher/composition/recording).