I've been thinking about buying a tablet for a while but since thanksgiving is coming up and we are traveling I knew I wanted it before christmas. So I read some reviews and talked to some people. Initially I was considering buying a MS surface. I'm a windows girl and always have been so I liked the idea of a tablet that ran Windows 8. But, they are expensive. The pro version, with windows 8 (NOT windows RT) is almost a thousand dollars and considering I have a perfectly good laptop I was not going to spend that much money on just the tablet. Because the keyboard is an additional hundred dollars.I liked at lot of things about this Asus tablet. It ran windows 8, came with a free version of ms office home and student 2013, came with a keyboard, and was cheap. Now windows 8 takes some getting used to. The interface could be a little better in terms of switching programs (I would love to be able to lock programs so they only open in desktop mode for example), but the live tiles are something I'm familiar with already, as I have a windows phone. I do like the simplicity and visual representation of windows 8's start screen. Some people won't. The keyboard also takes some getting used to. It's small, obviously as its only a 10" tablet. This results in feeling a little cramped. It might not be for people with larger hands, in which case using the tablet's virtual keyboard might be easier as the keys are bigger. The keys do make a satisfying clicking sound, and are textured enough that it's actually easier than you might think to type. I was having some trouble with the touch pad at first, and then I realized that the tab and keyboard weren't fully connected. When you connect the two, make sure you hear TWO clicking sounds. After that everything worked as it was supposed to. Also the touchpad acts as a second tablet screen essentially. So gestures you make on the tablet will correspond to the same gestures you make on the touchpad (for example swiping the touchpad from the left to right pulls up the programs running just like swiping the screen would). Thus the space for the pointer is rather small but you get used to it (and if all else fails you can just tap the screen).Now I bought the 32 gb version at Best Buy for $369 including tax. The only difference is storage space. However, I also bought a micro usb adapter, so I can plug my 1 tb external hd into the tablet and use that as needed (the port on the tablet is micro usb while the port on the keyboard is usb 3.0). I might eventually get a micro sd card but at this point I have more than enough space.On my regular laptop I use photoshop. Beware that Adobe ps cs6 does not support touch screens. On any device.This one uses the new Bay Trail processor and its fast. My laptop is an i3 and the tablet is faster right now. I'm not running as many programs, but it's still impressive. As for design, it's not as well built as the windows surfaces, using plastic instead of metal alloy (of whatever kind it is), but it's not a flimsy kind of plastic, and feels very solid in the hand. The screen does attract fingerprints like crazy, so think about getting a screen protector (I'm getting the skinomi skin for it since I have one on my phone and love it).Overall, for what you are getting, it's a really really good deal. It would be perfect for a student, and is a good introduction into the microsoft 8 os that's not overly expensive. Considering it comes with the keyboard and MS office also, I can't say enough about how awesome it is.If you have any questions about my experience feel free to leave a comment.UPDATE (11/24): I was having trouble starting it after I had shut it down, and also after I restarted after downloading a program. The camera light would stay on which made me think its not shut down. Searched for the issue on google and apparently it has to do with ASUS's webstorage program wanting to be available to update even when shut down. So I deleted it and I don't have the problem anymore. I also got rid of some of the other asus programs since I don't need them anyway. In addition I updated the bios to 216 (which asus took down from their site for some reason but is still available in other places).Also if you don't like the Asus reading mode download a program called f.lux. Its amazing, I have it on all my computers.