I've used PC all my life and really wanted a mac since my cousin got one in the early 90s. The macbook pro is really responsive. If you've used an iPhone (or any touch screen device) you can use a mac's track pad no problem. I used to hate using track pads on PC's because they were always so small, I don't mind using the mac's track pad but would consider buying the magic mouse just because I'd rather use a mouse and the glass touch pad makes me nervous, I'm halfway afraid I'll break it. At the apple store I had the guy change the track pad so you don't have to click it, I can just tap it to open an app.The graphics are pretty good for someone who doesn't game a lot, if you're used to a lower end PC's graphics you'll be impressed by these graphics, although before I bought the mac I had a netbook and I was impressed by it's graphics too. If you haven't played with a mac in person, be sure to check one out somewhere if graphics are your tipping point. The screen is really nice, very clear and bright. The mac installed Microsoft office for mac with no problems. The only thing I would say that I don't like about the mac is that you cannot download more than one app at a time and it takes forever to download apps. I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours. I've noticed that if you close your open windows the app download time is less. The mac does get hot when it's charging, and when it's not it's still pretty hot (and I mean hot not warm.) Be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it. I have a fan blowing toward mine and it's been cool all morning even with the charger in. If you're going to let a little one play with it make sure you set it on a desk so it doesn't heat up your baby's lap. I've read that the mac becomes cooler as it gets more broken in, but I have no proof of that yet. I would recommend to a friend if they can afford it, if not an iPad or an iPod touch really isn't too far off. Also if you're a netbook user like I was the macbook will seem kind of heavy, but I'm sure after carrying it to and from your destinations (school, work) it will seem lighter.  One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables. In my experience with the iPhone, the charging cable became very frayed and I could see the wires and aluminum in the cord. WIth a seven hour battery life I would recommend keeping the charger in one spot at home and making sure your battery is full before you leave home, or buy a second cable for use at work or school. Maybe that will save the life of the cord and keep it from being frayed from too much movement. This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac. The part where the charger connects to a mac is a magnet and a strong one at that, be sure to keep your credit cards and cell phones away from it so it doesn't erase the data. I did read that in the fine print of the mac booklet. I might have read it incorrectly, but better safe than sorry right?Hope this helps!P.S. the camera DOES NOT look hot it does on TV! It's very pixely, I don't know if you can change the quality of the camera, BUT just a heads up. It may be because the room I use it in has poor lighting, but it could also be that the camera just isn't that good. What you see on TV is probably pre-recorded using a real camera. I didn't buy the mac for it's camera or FaceTime or any of that so it's not a deal breaker for me, but it could be for someone else.