Original Review Made On August 2010 after one month of using: (originally one star)Original Title: "Too Many Hardware Problems"After purchasing this laptop, I discovered that there were missing dell drivers.  So I had to install all of them right out of the box.  When the headphone or speaker cable is plugged in the laptop, sound still came from the speaker on occasion.  So it required some immediate driver updates.  The speaker sound is horrible compared to other laptops (non-Dell), so you better always use speakers or headphones.  I'm not going write any comments about the OS because that's not what the review refers to.More audio problems:  screencasting does not allow recording from the speakers, only from the microphone, but I need both, because I make many tutorials, how-to videos, and presentations for work.  After reading about many other people having the same problem as me, I discovered it is because of the Dell hardware and drivers.  It turns out all Dell computers have this problem, except the Studio line of computers.  This is not a Windows 7 problem at all, the OS works just the way it's supposed to.  If I knew this very powerful laptop can't do something as simple as screencasting, I would have never purchased this laptop.  So I'm currently using an external USB sound card and it works just fine with Windows 7.  I can't blame Microsoft for the design of the OS, I can only blame Dell for using shoddy hardware when building the computer.  This was my first and last personal computer by Dell.  I have always used HP before this computer for home use.New Updated Review Made On October 2012: (now two stars)After first purchasing the laptop, nothing was functioning right as well as lots of junk software pre-installed, so I had to re-install Windows 7 (which I always do on new computers) on the brand new computer; this was two years ago. I recently re-installed Windows 7, three months ago, and re-partitioned the hard drive over the summer and after getting everything set up the way I want, it seems to be working optimally. It was a pain to get the sound drivers to work right again (sound drivers seem to always be a problem on Dell computers), especially the ability to record from the wave-out function while screencasting, so you have to be willing to fiddle around with different software for it to work right. For some reason, after using a second sound card software and hardware, that fixed the problem with the original soundcard, so be prepared to get upset with this "scumbag" computer, but it should work eventually after tinkering with it. After two years of using it, the battery only holds a one hour charge and I have always allowed the battery to charge and discharge on it's own daily and nightly. Other than that, the computer runs just fine.  The speakers in the computer have always been lousy, so always use headphones or a real speaker system. After reinstalling the OS, video games seem to be running great on this computer as well.  Dual operating systems running via VirtualBox seem to keep up with the amount of memory and cpu power without slowing down.  Since this is a two year old computer, I would suggest to find a more powerful computer for this same cost or less cost, which is completely possible as of now."It is not so much using a Dell, as it is tricking it or fooling it into doing what it is you really want it to do." --Hunter Cressall.