I've had this computer for LESS THAN 2 months...I got it for Christmas.  It has been NOTHING but problems from the first week I've had it.  It was an awesome computer, with all the fixings but the keyboard doesn't work like it should. I called tech support and they kept fixing the drivers, which I said wasn't the issue, and they kept saying it was. Then they'd "lose" my service ticket number and have to open up a new service ticket.  Then they'd say it was the driver's again and we'd repeat the same thing. When I turn it off and turn it back on, the keyboard works for about an hour and so, on the phone, it looked like it worked, when it just stopped the issue for a little while.  I've been calling almost weekly since I go it. I called Friday and they hung up on me 4 times.  Each time they were "so sorry" and then they'd hang up again.  Then I was put on hold for over an hour when I tried to get help.  Turns out, Friday was the last day of "software" warranty and now they won't help me or discuss anything on the phone without a $50 service fee.  The guy told me I created the problem because I admitted I've been to..wait for it, Facebook!  He gave me some scenario about buying a carton of eggs that were fine in the store but you get them in the car and now they're your own problem.  I was frustrated with this story and refusal to help and he replied with, "you're already getting upset and I haven't even told you how much this will cost you yet."  Apparently it was not supposed to be a joke.  What is a joke is their customer service. He refused to put me in touch with a supervisor unless I paid the $50 to him first.  Is this how they run things at HP?  I got this laptop to replace my HP desktop...to replace it since that also had issues from the beginning.  So I paid all of this money, for what?  For their employees to take a crash course in "blaming the customer" and "putting the customer off until they're out of warranty." This laptop is LESS than 2 months old and apparently they refuse to see it as a hardware problem (hello, it's THE KEYBOARD!) and are instead saying it's definitely a software which is out of warranty and I am to blame for visiting Facebook.  Well I plan to take to social media and all over the internet to warn my friends and family against this computer.  And this company in general.  How does a company this big lose all my service ticket numbers and hang up on me repeatedly until I'm officially out of the software warranty.  Please don't buy this.  Put your money into something else. I say as I'm responding from my APPLE product since my computer keyboard won't work and hasn't from the start.