As someone who has owned several laptops (four), I have some idea of what to expect from them (they work with occasional issues, or get repaired under warranty)I have also had the good fortune to have purchased different brands, and experienced interactions with several laptop suppliers. In this regard I have found that they tend to provide an agreed product and service.As a result, I am a little suprised that my purchase from Lenovo (allegedly the number one seller of laptops) deviates from these general rules.Mid February, I buy the laptop. It takes a month to arrive (not expected). I replace the hard drive with a new samsung SSD (which I am allowed to do and retain my warranty). I install all my programs, then the SSD breaks and starts failing the SMART hard drive test. I replace it and get a refund. I reinstall everything, then the new hard drive fails again (I actually did five installs in total over the process of the two failures).I ring customer support. I am told that if I send in the computer with the ssd in it, it will get replaced. I was very clear that the SSD was not one that came with it (I pretty much ranted about the above issue to them so they were very clear that two new SSDs had failed in the computer, after going in with no issues detected). I clarify several times that I am sending in a hard drive that is not the one that came with it, and ask what is going to happen, e.g., are they really going to replace it. I am pleased to hear that they are going to replace the hard drive with one that matches what I send in. I assume this is because their laptop appears to have a faulty motherboard or something breaking the hard drives that I put in.I send in my laptop (three months after I purchased it, and having yet to use it). I feel that I will finally have the working laptop that I have needed since I purchased it. I get a call today telling me that (i) they will need to quote me a price for a new hard drive and (ii) they cannot return the hard drive I sent in (worth $150). If I want a refund, I will need the laptop send back, and to start a new process. This basically means I will either pay $300 (I don't get refund for old ssd and buy a new hard drive from lenovo or get my laptop back again, and then have to send it to them again).As I am so busy (finishing a PhD and tutoring) I am probably going to just pay. I am promised the quote by the end of the day, but I don't get it.Based on the above experience (the worst purchase I have ever made!) I would advise anyone thinking of buying from lenovo to rethink doing so. Unless you really don't mind having your time wasted.