I was in the market in a powerful yet light laptop and this one seemed to fit the bill. Got it home, and was rather impressed by how light and thin the laptop was, and how beautiful the screen was. Then I started typing and found I really didn't like the keyboard layout, the bottom half of the large return key was notched out in the bottom left quarter, so I ended up often missing the return key hitting the quote key.Then came by far the worst part, the track pad. I don't generally use mice with my laptops and a good trackpad is critical for me, and this one is terrible. It is not very sensitive, the cursor jumps around at times, and clicking often doesn't work. Even worse is that when you lightly press on the trackpad, you can feel the whole trackpad move, and it makes a noise when doing this. It does this the whole time you are moving your finger around the trackpad and drove me crazy. And just to be clear, I am talking about pressing lightly enough to where you are not actually "clicking" the trackpad.The way Sony got this laptop so light is by making it "supposedly" out of carbon fibre, the problem is this makes the entire laptop flex, and really badly at that. I don't know how much it can actually take, and it could end up not being a problem, but just carrying the laptop from one of the corners feels like you are going to snap the palm rest. There just isn't much structure here, maybe it will make it take a fall better, who knows, but it feels horrible.Lastly, sony loads this up with their software, and that software is terrible as all their applications are slow and crash often. There is one application that gives you a bunch of messages about your system, this program took over a minute to load.... On a laptop with a very fast SSD that can boot in something like 7 seconds.With all that said, the keyboard itself was pleasant enough (aside from the layout I am not used to), and the screen is great. If anything 1080p might be too much for a laptop this size because some text was just straining to read, hopefully windows 8 will get updated with better scaling for high resolution, smaller screens. The touchscreen also works well enough, but I wish the screen's hinges were stronger as the screen would wobble around a bit when touching it.The fan was also rather noisy, even on the silent profile in the Vaio Control Center, and speaking of loud the speakers weren't. Battery Life was also rather unimpressive, especially for a Haswell chip, but I'm sure windows 8 has more to do with that than anything.The SSD is awesome, fast as all heck, and 8 gigs of ram (4 will suffice for most too) is more than enough for pretty much any regular user. The CPU and GPU seemed to hold up to normal use just fine, but will not handle gaming very well.Overall, the cons just outweighed the pro for me (get it?). Ended up returning the laptop.*************I should also note that I experienced no issues with Wifi, but I believe sony or intel patched that issue. I am not sure if all the reviews complaining of horrible wifi are relevant now.