My Chromebook (I'm typing this review on it now) is literally one of the nicest laptops I've had. I've owned many gaming laptops and other powerhouse notebooks that would blow this thing out of the water peformance-wise, but this Chromebook is sleek.I was using the original Motorola Xoom tablet for the longest time as my intermediate internet device (the one between my smart phone and desktop). I was always plagued with shoddy word processing and web functionality on there and I wanted something with a bit more focus on the browser.I didn't get this Chromebook to play games. I got it to be a bit more productive on the internet. Since Chrome is my current most favorite browser on any platform, I was immediately familiar with the OS. It has a dockbar where you can put your programs. Settings are managed through the browser. Offline apps are also used through the browser, but that's not a problem.The music playback is nice. The video playback is great. My only concern is that it won't play certain video files like AVI's and WMV's. MP4's work fine. MPEG's work fine. 3gp files from phones work fine. There are a myriad of other video types that work great too. I wish there were some other way of playing those, but that's my only gripe.Netflix, Youtube and other video sites work smoothly on HD video. Sometimes it hangs up a little but stepping down a size usually fixes it.Browsing files saved to the internal 16GB SSD is easy. Even the 100GB of free Google Drive space is helpful for storing files. The SD and USB ports are very functional and sleek. They give me extra options of storing my videos, music and more.Word Processing is done through web apps mostly. This is nice for having a cloud back-up of your stuff. If you're offline, using Google Docs is your best bet.It took a bit to get used to the functionality of the touchpad. Two finger touching to scroll or "right click" was a little offputting at first. But I'm used to it now.Screenshotting is easy. Ctrl+[  ]]] takes an immediate snapshot of what's on your screen.The gallery offers some simple photo editing that even as myself, being a professional photographer can find useful if I need to simply adjust brightness, contrast and cropping.The webcam, while not the best resolution or quality, does it's job fine. Google Hangouts is the only functioning webchat service I've found that works with the camera. Forget it if you have Skype. This won't work with it.Websites function correctly on this computer with the built-in flash player. HTML5 works fine as well. Any Windows Media plugins will not function. Ad Block Plus is available as a plugin for this laptop, eliminating annoying ads, popups and the likes.Great product for the price. Excellent for students and professionals alike.The battery life if you dim the screen will last for about 5 hours realistically. More like 3 hours if you have it full brightness. It is very thin and fits into a paper folder just fine. I slip it into a hidden pocket in my backpack and no one will know be the wiser.The charger comes with a sufficiently long cable. The converter brick isn't overly heavy or annoying. It even comes with it's own retention strap to keep the tangles away, freeing you of hassle and stress. This packs on airplanes great and isn't cumbersome to remove from under a seat.I give it a 5/5 and will likely be using this laptop for many years to come.