I gave this computer 3-stars because it does what I need it to do and the technical specs are pretty good. Not great for the price, but good.Pros: has great sound, which is important to me. the SRS Premium Sound panel takes alot of playing with to get a good sound with whatever speakers you are using. I normally hate laptops mostly cause the mouse pads, but they copied Apple (in a good way) and made it so you can use 2 fingers anywhere on the pad and scroll instead of having a scroll bar on the side or whatever. I've found myself using other laptops and being confused by their lack of convenience. USB 3.0 makes transferring all my data alot easier and my phone and ipod charges super quick when i use the usb cable.Cons: only a few days after the 30-day zero bright dot warranty expired i found a few dead pixels, that strangely seem to come and go. the entire thing is very flimsy; the keyboard depresses quite a bit when typing and the screen flexes as if nothing is behind the screen giving it support. it comes with a TON of preloaded games and Asus software, some of which im afraid to uninstall for fear of messing up the OS or BIOS. Pay attention to where your pictures and music and things are saved, as the default path leads to the smaller "OS" partition and it will fill up very quickly. The mouse gets annoying and worn out fairly quick. Even with trying to adjust the sensitivity it either grabs on to an internet tab or something and wont let go or it has a hard time double clicking. The webcam is less than 1 mp, so dont expect to do anything other than take a (well-lit) picture with it. I tried video chatting with my sister and there was so much delay she could see me moving at all. It was basically just audio.This thing puts out ALOT of heat, especially if you're playing a game or exporting a video or something. Fan sometimes has a hard time keeping the system cool even with proper ventilation, and making the whole thing hot and burning your leg anyway. I've almost melted my glasses by leaving them on the left side of the computer (where the vent is). Also if youre doing something very processor taxing such as gaming or video editing, make sure the vent is very well exposed. I know thats kind of a no-brainer, but I was exporting a video and tried storing it away in my very large and open keyboard tray while it did its thing. I opened it up to find it had almost melted its own screen. there was a big air bubble that went away when i flexed the screen towards me (something you probably shouldnt be able to do). The screen has gotten air bubbles from having the lid closed while doing nothing more than a virus scan.So when it comes down to it, either look for a different model than this (N61JQ-A1) altho im pretty sure they dont make it anymore, or wait a month or 2 and you can get a much better system from any company with better specs for same price or less. BTW, the X1 is the same thing with a different hard drive size, so just keep that in mind.*UPDATE* Their customer service is HORRIBLE. I sent this back in for warranty repair a month ago and never heard back despite two emails and a whole new 'Tech Request'. Maybe calling will have better luck?