I bought this after finding that I used my original Samsung Series 5 Chromebook more than I used any of my devices.  With the increase in specs compared to last year's machine, I was certain this would be an excellent device and my new favorite machine.Shell - Easily the most improved aspect.  It's not metal, but easily some of the best looking and feeling plastic you'll find.  The bottom has a textured brushed feel.  There is a slight wedge feel to it vs. the uniform thickness of the original series 5. There are nice bumpers on the bottom and small ones near the keyboard which keeps the screen from touching the keys.Screen - Same screen as the prior model.  Nice and bright when turned up.  Matte.  Wide viewing angle.  The top to bottom viewing angle can be bit limited.Keyboard - The chiclet layout is same as prior.  They have a bit more bounce than last time, and instead of the brushed plastic from the Series 5, these have a smoother surface.  I like it, and it's a pleasure to type on.  Very bouncy and responsive.  And as others have said there is the search button where the caps lock key is but you can change it back to caps lock function.Trackpad - Also MUCH better than before.  New gestures include the three finger swipe for moving forwards and backwards when browsing.  More responsive and accurate.  It's a bit smoother than before and feels of much higher quality.Speakers - Also greatly improved.  On the series 5 the speakers were often barely audible even at full volume.  These speakers can fill the living room with the volume turned up.  Watching shows doesn't require headphones to hear anymore.  Very happy with this upgrade.OS - With the faster processor Chrome OS moves quickly and is much smoother than before.  The new layout (which is on the older chromebook as well) is nice but I kinda liked the full screen "only browser" layout from before.  This moves more towards a traditional OS look, where you can dock the apps at the bottom (such as Calendar, Youtube, etc).  I'm not sure this adds much because formerly the New Tab page contained all your apps so they were all instantly available instead of the smaller selection you put at the bottom.  They have also added the Google Drive to your File Manager area, which is nice.  I highly suggest that if you want to get the full use of your Chromebook you need to make use of Google Docs and Drive.  They are working to make creating docs offline possible.  As a side note, the menus when you right click are also bigger now, which wasn't really necessary.3G - Can't judge how well this works because it isn't working at all right now.  I can't even activate it.  I called several people at Verizon and none of them even knew what a Chromebook was.  I sent a message to the Chromebook ninjas and they informed me this is a "known issue" that they are working with Samsung and Verizon to resolve.  I'm very nervous that this is a hardware issue as you can see that the 3G 550 isn't available for purchase anymore, which makes me think they've pulled them.  Hoping it's something they can fix with Verizon's network or with a Chrome OS update, but they really should have been able to do that by now.Another random issue is that it has trouble accessing Facebook.  I've let the ninjas know about this as well.  No issues on my Chrome browser on my Mac.  No other websites seem to be affected.So basically the two major issues are the 3G access and the Facebook loading.  Otherwise this is a great update and a wonderful device to use as a secondary machine.  THIS IS NOT TO BE USED AS A PRIMARY MACHINE.  You can't install printers or other software.  But for the same price as a tablet you get a nice large screen and a keyboard with greater functionality.  Before anyone says a tablet can do more, try turning off the network and then see how much it can do.  You can play some games and that's about it.I'll update with any information as it rolls back on the 3G issue.Update:  I meant to post this sooner.  The facebook issue is entirely resolved.  As is the 3G.  Personally if you have an android phone there are numerous free tethering apps out there at this point so you can usually get away with having the wifi only version and saving $100.  That's just one opinion so obviously it's up to you.