This review is intended for current PC users who is thinking about getting a MacBook. I'll just point out some of the issues I have faced.I have been a PC user for 7 years. I'm using this MacBook for my college, and I have been using it for only a month.(Please be gentle, I will update my review later if anything changes)First thing that really bothers me is the battery life. I travel quite often, so battery life is a big deal to me. This MacBook claimed to have up to 6 hours of battery life, which is a lie!. In real life, it only last around 3 hours. Even I turned off bluetooth, wireless, dim the the screen, I might be lucky to get around 3.5 hours. If you run Macbook under Windows mode, the battery life drop to 2.5 hours. The only way you can get your macbook run for up to 6 hours is dimming your screen to darkest, not running any applications, and turning off wireless & bluetooth..Don't believe me? Go to different forums and search battery topics. My last laptop claimed to have up to 5 hours of battery life, which it did last around 4--5 hours even after 2 years.  If your previous laptop only have 1 or 2 hours of battery life, I guess 3 hours will be a little bit "upgrade" for you. On top of the short battery life, this macbook battery can get very hot, you can burn your lap if you put it there long enough.There are good things about Macbook. It is very easy to upgrade and install the memories. It only cost me around $60 to upgrade to 2GB ram, and I installed it very easily without much of an effort. The same configuration, Sony could easily cost around $2000, and macbook only cost $1300.I have always wanted a MacBook, because it is cute and stylish, but the Mac OS system always make me hesitated. I finally got it after I found out it also run windows now. It is very easy to install windows on MacBook with bootcamp. They suggest you to print out the instructions, which is not necessary, all you need to do is follow the instructions on screen.If you get used to using windows softwares, you will find many of them have very limited functions when under Mac OS, and sometimes they don't even have Mac version.The bootcamp I used was 1.3, it does have some incompatibility issues.The volume and brightness control keys, disk eject keys are not working under windows. I hope all these problems will be fixed in the future. Since there is no right click button, you have to use two fingers tap on the touch pad and click as right click. Some new MacBook users might have problems in the beginning.It is not hard to learn the Mac OS, and there are many great programs are specially designed for Mac. The office 2004 for Mac is great for college student, one of the function is you can record the lecture while you are typing down the notes.I strongly recommend this laptop. It works just like a regular laptop, but it can run in both of the world. :-PPS: the white macbook does get dirty easily, get Glass Plus Wipes, it will do the trick to make your laptop look new again. (test on a little corner first if you have doubts)(Sorry for my broken English, and sorry if I offended some mac lovers..)