This is the first and only review I have ever posted on Amazon, but I felt the need to over this product.As many other reviewers suggest the best thing to do before purchasing is really understanding what you are buying.  I wasn't smart enough to do this when I bought the chromebook on impulse, and as a result a lot of my complaints could of been mitigated if I had done further research.I don't posses a strong hardware or consumer electronics knowledge, so I will not be making too many comparison to other products.What I like:The Chromebook 11 by most measures is aesthetically pleasing, light, and extremely portable.The speakers on this laptop are surprisingly loud and clear.The display is beautiful.  Fan boys of other products that cost 5-7x the cost make argue that the display isn't very good, but I believe they are comparing Apples to Filet Mingion.Since I already use a lot of Google products (gmail, calendar, google +, drive, etc), other web applications (Evernote, Workflowy, etc), and an Android Phone I found the chromebook to be extremely supportive of my work flow and is probably the overall reason why I use the Chromebook.Also the operating system turns on and off quickly which is a nice plus.Things That I Don't Like:If you are someone who has a lot of tabs open at once, you are going to hate yourself.  Since I am someone who generally has a lot of tabs open you can probably guess my frustration.  The problem is the more tabs you have open the slower each page loads.  I normally like to mass open 20-25 political articles and read for an hour or two, but Chromebook doesn't effectively allow me to do that.  Obviously there are simple ways to get around this, but it is still a slight nuisanceIf you plan on streaming something, don't plan on trying to do anything else.  If you are trying to watch Netflix or Hulu you can't do anything else.  It will cause the video to freeze.  I know watching Netflix/Hulu probably wasn't the intended user case for the machine, but as someone who likes to do both of those things, it is frustrating.  Similarly I have had connectivity issues with Amazon Prime's video service, which really annoys me too.Things I HATE about the Product:The BATTERY IS SO BAD.  The battery is awful and the charger is a big ole slap in the face.  This is the sole reason I wouldn't recommend this product.  I actually had the intention of buying 2 more of these Chromebooks for Mothers and Fathers day, but quickly realized I was better saving and just getting my parents ipads for their Birthdays.I genuinely hope the engineer that designed the charger was fired, because they were a moron to say the least.  The biggest problem with the charger is that the battery of the machine still drains while plugged in.  Meaning if you are working on something while you battery is low, you might try to plug your chromebook in and attempt to continue to work only to find yourself SOL.To effectively charge the chromebook it needs to be completely powered off.  Even then the charger doesn't charge very well.  For example last night before I slept my chromebook had 9% battery.  I powered it off and charged it and when I woke up 8 hours later it only had 77% battery (its like the charge is being generated via hamster wheel).  Similarly I used my chromebook unplugged for a hour after waking up and it dropped the battery down to 50%.  Even as I am writing this right now with my chromebook plugged in, I see the battery slowly dying on me.  I should note I currently have display brightness at lowest possible setting and the only application I have open is this one Google Chrome tab to write this review.Finally occasionally(probably a few times a day) you get the lovely 'low power charger connected' error which is really HP Chromebooks way of telling you 'hey don't count on me working for the next few hours'.  I have tried other micro usb chargers with no avail.Overall:Its a decent device and I still use everyday, but I would not buy it again.  In my humble opinion most people would not find this device useful. I would suggest that most people are probably better spent saving a little extra money and buying something better.  Frustration over the battery alone has probably raised my blood pressure, especially before I figured out that the battery was draining even while plugged in.As someone who is kind of a Google Fanboy, I am really disappointed to see that the company would associate itself which such a stupid battery/charger design.If this flaw was fixed I would easily rate this product higher and would feel more comfortable buying this as a gift for relatives and friends.