I've been a life-long PC user who thought people use Mac's so they can look cool in their pony tails and Patagonia jackets at Starbucks.  So when it was time to upgrade the 'ol Lenovo, the first thing I did was go to the PC store in our mall and look at the new PC's.  And there are lots of really cool ones.  I really liked the Sony Viao in particular.  Then I went to the Apple store and looked at the Mac's...and there is no comparison in terms of the actual physical machine.  The Apple is just much, much better built.  I was still about 90% sure I'd go PC though, because it's the software I'm worried about.  But since I was still a month or so out from the buy, I started asking people who looked more like me (you know...boring), at Starbucks and elsewhere, what they thought of their Mac.  100% of them loved them.  100%.  As in every...single...person.  It was universal. People who just switched, people who switched a while back, and people who have had only Apple ALL loved them.  I couldn't find a single person to complain.So I bought one.  And I love it.  Everything about it.  The only error message I've gotten on my MAC is from, you guessed it, the ONE Microsoft program I run (Office for Mac, which actually works well).  So here's the deal: the Mac just works.  It does everything well, and it's very intuitive.  I had a friend who switched tell me "if you can't figure out how to do something on your Mac, just sit back and think how a 10 year old would do it".  And he was right.  I was trying to move a bunch of pictures and getting frustrated because holding down shift and selecting images wasn't working.  I sat back and thought about it, then instantly figured it out.  You just slide over the pictures you want.  That's it.  There's no ctrl/alt/shift/f5 crap on a Mac.  There are no "This program performed an illegal operation and will shut down" warnings. No "Fatal exception occurred" messages that make you freak out that your hard drive just crashed.  Nothing like that.  When I turn it on, it fires up in about 10 seconds, and re-loads everything that was running when I shut it down.  They tell me that's because of the flash memory, but I just know it's awesome.I set mine up with a second monitor (not the Apple one for $1,200, I bought a Samsung for cheap), and it's awesome, I can have different stuff running on both screens.  Took about 30 seconds to learn.I can honestly say the ONLY thing I like better on the PC is how you can Explore for files.  On the Mac its called the "finder", and it's not as good.  But that's it IMO.I use my computer for basic office stuff, no programming, no heavy graphics, no gaming.  For personal use, it's web surfing and pictures.  I can't speak for the heavier uses, but for an everyday guy who travels for work and is on the computer all day, this thing rocks.  If you are worried about memory, buy a USB drive, you can get one for next to nothing now.The Mac is tiny, fast, reliable, and has great battery life.  I couldn't give it higher praise for the way I use a computer.  In fact, maybe I should grow a pony tail....