I am editing this review for the following reasonsAfter about 10 days of use I started to get a large number of crashes related directly to the following software:Creative EAX / Audigy / Creative HD Sound suite - this is included with the computer.ATI Catalyst 10.6BIOS 205This was very frustrating because the computer would not operate for more than 5 or 10 minutes without the screen locking up, or what was most likely to happen; the screen became a crazed rainbow of various colors which are indicative of a problem of some type (slight understatement).I contacted ASUS tech support via an online help request.  If you have never dealt with ASUS tech support before I will forewarn you that it is pretty much non-existent.  If you are expecting some snappy responses to what you may feel are serious (in your mind) problems you will be sadly mistaken.  ASUS is really good at making products which are high performance and for the most part need little in the way of tech support, so as you American's might be misled to believe that because they make such good products there should be great tech support - this is absolutely not the case.After a couple of days I received a response from ASUS tech support - I was instructed to remove all the Creative Sound Suite software (that means all of it including drivers); remove ATI Catalyst 10.6 along with all display drivers from ATI, and revert back to the ATI Catalyst 9.12 Win7 64bit edition.  Following install of 9.12 Catalyst I was to then install VGA drivers from G73JH download page from ASUS notebook support.I performed all these actions as requested by ASUS tech support and have had a perfectly sound and stable computer since.  I am not certain of the exact nature of the problem.  The speculation I have encountered ranges from over voltage to the ATI 5870 Card to flawed software drivers in the sound card which induce an over-voltage - who knows for sure.  If these steps did not correct the problem and I continued to receive GSOD or random lockups ASUS was prepared to offer me RMA with replacement.I still rate the computer highly as I do have a perfectly operating machine....now....but I can see that someone who only purchased this ASUS G73JH because it looked like one of the best out could be easily fooled.  I would offer this as a word of caution to anyone looking to purchase a high performance laptop or computer of any type:1. Do your research2. Know what kinds of problems the unit is having and if they are able to be overcome3. Have the skill necessary to address the problems that `will' crop up4. Have patienceFYI - I find the keyboard a little unresponsive at times this is due to several possibilities -1. Synaptics Mouse Pad driver is suspected of being flawed and conflicts with the keyboard drivers somehow.  I have read on several sites that removal of the mousepad drivers and reverting to the use of the Win7 drivers is key to fixing this problem.2. Possibility of tarnished / corroded connector pins under the keyboard due to poor construction techniques or a bad batch of keyboards from the Hyu Yuan subcontractor.  Keyboard must be removed and using Tricloroethnal (Tri-C) clean off the connectors pin surface on both male and female portions of keybord ribbon connector.- The mouse included with the computer is great - use that.- There is a ton of bloatware on this computer mostly crap like trial edition this and that.  Just get rid of it and you will free up quite a bit of space.I strongly reccomend the use of a good laptop cooler of some kind; Zalman makes a great one and so does Targus.