Plus: Touchscreen interface  Screen is bright and easy to read  USB 3.0 ports all the way around  Battery life is OK  Light weightMinus: Cursor key layout  Some gestures get misinterpreted.  No extended desktop  Limited resolution on monitor displayIn discussing this machine, my primary comparison is to my Asus EEE netbook, which I still have and use sometimes.I use my new notebook mostly for the same things I used my netbook: access to my stuff and the internet while I'm commuting each day. I have a fairly long commute, so weight, size and battery life are important to me. So far, this machine meets those criteria pretty well.I didn't buy this computer because I was looking for a touchscreen, but it's nice to have. Most of the time, I use the touch pad and cursor keys for navigation. That brings me to the first negative comparison to the netbook. My Eee netbook has the inverted-t layout for the navigation keys. The HP uses a squashed diamond layout with half-height up/down keys. Since they also the pg up/pg dn keys that can be annoying when I'm trying to use them to page through displays or documents.Another key difference is in the F-keys. On the HP, their default mode is as media control keys. To use them as F-keys in applications requires holding the Fn key. I was able to locate information in the manual that told me how to switch them in setup mode and make a one-time change. But it's one indication that HP had someone else in mind when they designed this machine.On plus side, I appreciate having three USB 3.0 ports to connect to.  There are laptops that have only one USB 3.0 and the other connections are USB 2.0. Those manufacturers strike me as willing to cut value for customers even when it's much greater than the costs they save. Because all the ports are USB 3.0, HP didn't put the blue tab on them which runs against current practice.At 11.6 inches, the HP's display is larger than the netbook's 10.3 inches, but it's still small enough to use on the train or bus seat. While the physical display is larger, I've found two ways that it's smaller: connecting to an external monitor and in the desktop mode.When my ASUS Eee connects to my monitor, the display runs at full 1920 x 1080 resolution. With this laptop, the display runs with black sidebars because trying to use higher resolutions gives me a fuzzy display. Downloading the the monitor's video driver didn't improve things.The ASUS display also supports a virtual desktop. I can run multiple applications with reduced overlap by scrolling the virtual desktop that is larger than the display. The lack of a virtual desktop on this HP laptop might not be because of the the machine itself: The ASUS runs XP while this HP is running Windows 8.1.  Regardless of the reason, the missing virtual desktop creates a less convenient setup.Since I've touched upon Windows 8, I'll start by admitting one thing I do appreciate: the short boot up time. It's not the instant on you'll get from tablets, but it's not bad. A few days ago, when I used the XP netbook instead of this laptop, I found myself saying "Any time now. . ." after turning it on. On the other hand, under Windows 8, applications can take longer to boot up that the system does. At least, it seems that way.Another plus is the size of the hard drive: 500Gb.  Since it was designed to be a media machine, it needed to have enough room for music, videos, and images. I've backed up all my mp3's and jpg's on this machine and still have lots of room I'm not sure what to do with. Not a bad problem to have.Overall, I'm pleased with the performance and value I'm getting for the price I paid.