The wife and I like to travel. A few years ago we were able to take a PC laptop that she was using for a work project on a week long trip to Colorado. It was great being able to load our pictures, surf the web and email our friends while on vacation. So we decided to get our own laptop last year as we were taking two trips to celebrate our 20th anniversary this April, the first one to Scotland last December and last week to the Sedona/Flagstaff area in northern Arizona. We looked at PC laptops and Macs. We went with the Macbook because they were supposed to be more reliable than PCs and we liked the look and feel of it. On our trip to Scotland the email (Mail) quit working. After we got home I called our internet provider to find out what the problem was. It had lost our password for Mail and after I reentered it in the Mail preferences we could send and receive email again. Our first day out last week on our second trip, our six months old Macbook locked up on me while I was shutting it down after doing a little web surfing. So I shut it down manually by pushing the power button. I have used Macs at work since the mid '80s and have shut them down this way after they have locked up more times than I can count. This time however, for the first time ever, the Mac would not reboot. We have babied this machine. We always let it go into sleep mode before we move it around while it is still on. I tried to do a disk repair on the hard drive from the disk for the operating system that you get with the computer as instructed in the manual and that did not work. I now have to get a friend at work who is good with computers to back it up, wipe the hard drive clean & reload the operating system and software. Why I'm having to do this on a 6 month old machine is beyond me. It completely failed the second time we tried to use it for the main purpose it was purchased for. Before this I was relatively happy with it. Now it is hard for me not to think of it as a "piece of crap". I'm praying that it is a software issue and not a hardware problem (bad hard drive). So much for Macs supposed reliability.Update.My buddy at work could not do anything for it either. He did however, tell me where an authorized Mac repair shop was in town. I had thought that you had to take it to a Mac Store  (not one in Tally) or ship it back. I dropped it off at 11:30 am one day & had it back at 10:30 am the next with it's new hard drive installed (no charge). They were not able retrieve the data from the old drive. Fortunately we did not lose to much, I had burned our Scotland pictures onto a CD & was able to reload them. My wife did loose a few documents she had worked on. I will be backing this pup up from now on. I understand that sometimes HDs fail, I've just never had it happen to me before either at home or work & this one failed at the absolute wrong time. I'm actually glad to have it back, as I said above, we had been happy with it before.  I'm upgrading the stars to 3 (best I'm willing to do considering the HD failed six months out) & renaming the title.