This laptop is basically Samsung doing their best impression of a Mac Book Pro.  However the MAC book Pro with the same spec (and the Retina display) willrun you $2100.00 I bought this laptop for $959.I am completely impressed by the performance and styling of this laptop and very satisfied by the performance of this machine.  I use this PC for some demanding applications.  The i7 quad core processer coupled with a dedicated GPU in a ultra-thin portable machine with 8 gb of ram... you cannot go wrong.First question is what do I use the laptop for?I use Photoshop CS4, Visual Studio 2010  (IDE for software development/programming), SQL server 2008 for development purposes, Video editing in various programs, lightroom, running Office 2010 etc.... I also do quite a bit of gaming in Skyrim and Diablo III.  I do travel for work so this any laptop I use must be very portable.Most of these software applications are extremely demanding.So the question is can you do all of this effectively with a 5 lbs laptop that is ultra thin?  The answer is yes.Here are some notes about my experiences and thoughts about this machine.THE GOOD:>  Great style, clean lines and unbelieveably quiet.> Full keyboard that is well designed and very similiar to a regular plug in keyboard.> In power saving mode I have gotten 7 hours on the battery.  I can get 3 hours on the battery while gaming... still very pretty impressive.> The multi-tasking is quite incredible, I can run Skyrim, Vs 2010 and photoshop at the same time with little to no issues.> The dedicated graphics card is impressive.  If you look at notebook check [...]  for gaming this dedicated GPU rates quite high.>  The quick start up is awesome, this machines goes from sleeping to running in about 5-10 seconds. This is an awesome feature.> The most demanding application I run are Skyrim. It is completely playable at medium details.  It can manage 30-50 fps (frames per second) with the setting turned up for character definition.  This is quite amazing if you think about the size of this laptop.  I have run it with the detail settings on high, but the game is unplayable the fps drop below 30 for scenes that have large rendering demands like scenes with water etc.> For Visual Studio 2010 (which is a processor killer) the machines handles it amazing well.> The touchpad is really great.  Many reviewers have indicated that it does not work well.  I have worked on MACs and this works as well if not better than the mac touchpad.> Matte screen = no glare... love it.THE BAD:> There is occasional screen flicker when switching between demanding applications or coming in and out of a gaming session.  This is a very minor annoyance but it is present.  The laptop is designed to switch between>  The temp while gaming...  The machine has a very streamlined appearance with little to no venting. While this looks good it is a bit unpractical.According to my speed fan tests at 2 hours the CPU gets to around 70C while gaming and the GPU gets to 65C.  To the touch the laptop is not hot but this is less than ideal from my perspective.My geek squad friends say laptops are designed to run hotter, the CPU I have is rated to 100c before you begin having problems.  The solution is to use it with Cooler Master NotePal X2 Laptop Cooling Pad.  This laptop is so small that you can easily fit a cooling pad and laptop in a laptop backpack without issue.  So you will have to be mindful of the heat if you are going to buy this machine, keep the vent clean.> Function keys are slow to respond....  The shortcut function keys for adjusting brightness, touchpad, volume, fan, wifi etc are super cool but they are slow to respond. This is annoying and could be improved.> One more USB port would be nice.>  The screen seems mediocre to me...  So I should preface this by saying that I am bit picky about screens.  I work typically on very high quality dual monitors.  When I switch to this laptop the contrast and brightness under perform... but what do you want in such a small screen.>  The built in speakers leave alot to be desired in my opinion, this is typical of laptops but I have seen better performance from laptop speakers.All in all when you consider the fe