I bought this at Best Buy during the last month Win 7 Home Premium was on laptops at Best Buy (Oct. 2012). During the first week I visited the Windows Seven Forum and everybody there was complaining that programs were disappearing and becoming unusable. The OS was stealing permissions in the background from newly installed programs and disabling them within a day. I tried to use the recovery partition and that failed, tried the USB recovery stick and that failed. I had to download Windows 7 from Digital River and burn a DVD image; wipe the hard drive including the recovery partition and install this basic Win 7 Home Premium version from DVD. I used the recovery USB stick to add-on all the HP essentials against professional advice on the Forum. My permissions were still all messed up for several months but at least programs weren't being swallowed whole by the OS monster. Trying to copy stuff from my other computer to the hard drive became a nightmare because of permissions though. I tried some backdoor way of copying using Acronis 11 & the Take Ownership program on the menu from an internet download. I wound up with a lot of folders with Access Denied anyway, it's just unfathomable coming from XP where I never had these Permissions problems. The guy at Best Buy warned me that Windows 8 is even worse with Permissions.I bought the laptop in part to burn Blu-Ray disks with my ASUS external Blu-Ray burner, but after some failed attempts with that recently, people on Amazon are being told by ASUS Tech Support that the BD burner won't work on Win 7 (I did get it to work at slow speed on my XP machine), and I should install Windows 8 to get the burner to work with the USB 3.0 ports on the laptop.I have been using the laptop as a desktop replacement, but I do a lot of data shifting so for a couple weeks at a time I have to use my old desktop while the laptop is busy doing backups. I appreciate the much better Kernel Memory in Win 7 when using programs like Acronis 11 (Win XP needed a registry hack to get Acronis not to crash on too little kernel memory).My old desktop only had 3.25 GB of RAM and since I surf all day, my browser uses up 4-5 GB of RAM in a few hours so I have to shut down the browser and maybe even reboot. The laptop has 8 GB of RAM and I still use 4-5 GB of RAM for my browsers, but I'm not running out of RAM and crashing the browser. Browsers have gotten very memory hungry during the last 2 years, to the point of ridiculousness. I'm getting worried already that 8 GB of RAM is not enough, but this computer may or may not handle 16 GB of RAM (I'm researching that now).I've had this laptop hooked up to a 19" 4:3 monitor via the VGA cable and the sound out to my home stereo amplifier. I tried HDMI out to my TV once and the sound went to the TV and cut off the audio to my amplifier. So if I get a replacement monitor, it had better have speakers if I'm going to use HDMI. I'd rather hear my audio through my stereo anyway so I'd stick with VGA.When I used to use my laptop on a single desk, I would hook up an optical mouse to it because there's no way the typical mousepad is applicable to my computing habits. Now I've got USB Hubs plugged into it so I rarely do anything portable with it.I paid for Geek Squad, but I'm gonna try to install a 2nd hard drive in this and install Windows 8 Pro in it soon. I can use my ASUS Android Tablet to deal with the Metro UI, and use my mouse & keyboard for the desktop area if I can locate the Classic Shell from the internet to get the Start Menu back (Windows 8.1 failed with the Start Menu, June 26, 2013).I've put my ASUS BD Cyberlink software on my desktop & laptop and on both computers my mouse has become very sluggish. I'd like to get that software off of both so my mouse can move unimpeded.I got the Classic Menus for M$ Office 2010 for a few bucks. I cannot handle Ribbons.I've upgraded to Windows 7 Pro two months ago via the Anytime Upgrade for ~$100 so I could get XP Mode (120 GB dynamic virtual drive). XP expires in April 2014. But there are some programs that just work so much better in XP. So gotta get those updates for XP before they disappear.I'd recommend this laptop if you don't mind a crash course into the failure of Windows 7 that takes weeks to overcome, because I don't know that Windows 8 is worth it yet.