Wanted to review the item as of the few reviews posted complaints are a result of windows 8 not the computer in the review.  Windows 8 sucked at first but you can actually add Start button apps that make it not suck.  The Pokki start menu is very good and can disable some of the annoying features of Windows8.  With desktop mode and an actual start button I have been pretty happy with Windows 8's very snappy performance and ability to add gmail/google calendar apps to my task bar.Now moving past windows I would like to provide an actual review of the product.  Lets start with you get what you pay for.  I paid <300 from a store that has big blue and yellow letters in its name.  I knew going in I needed a machine that was 350 dollars or less and ran windows or mac OS (needed to remote in for work) so chrome book and android was out.  Otherwise I do not have very lofty ambitions for this computer.  It will be used mostly for light duty tasks and a small amount of media tasks.  For what I need, this machine will be a good fit and am impressed with the features for the sub 300 dollar price tag.The Good: - beautiful screen.  Display is bright and images are sharp.  Video looks  good.  Its not retina display but it looks good at 1366 x 768. - Full number pad.  I use a lot of number typing and rely heavily on  the number pad.  Was really glad to have this included. - Decent hard disk space (320gb) and ram (4gb expandable to 16) for this  price point.  AMD CPU seems snappy.The Bad: - No scrolling on track pad.  This is a depressing missing feature.  Its  easy to take for granted that this is a standard feature now on  laptops.  I have found myself using the page up and page down buttons  for scrolling now.  Hopefully there is an app that can fix this. The  track pad does have multitouch and can pinch to zoom.  Possibly there  is a way to scroll with mutlitouch and I haven't figured it out. - No USB 3.0, there are 3 usb ports but they are 2.0. - No HDMI out - The housing feels somewhat cheap.  It probably wouldn't survive big  falls but I don't plan on throwing it around.So far this thing is great.  Works well with the interwebs and all my cloud services.  Windows 8 is not too bad either.UPDATE: I learned how to use the multitouch track pad after the initial review.  To scroll you just need to use two fingers anywhere on the track pad.  Better than scrolling the old way, although you can go into the mouse settings and turn on the sides of the track pad for scrolling.  Didn't turn it on however because the multitouch scrolling is better.  If you go into the settings there are options for some other multitouch things too (rotating, pinch-to-zoom, swiping) and demos included. Now my major complaint would be lack of USB 3.0 although I am not sure what I would use it for.