I bought a macbook in April (bigger hard drive than the ones listed here 250 gb), and I also have Parallels and Windows XP on it.  Now after using windows for 20 years, I figured there would be a learning curve.  I was very surprised how easy this computer is to use.  Somethings I had to learn, but for the most part I took it out of the box and I was up and running.After 5 months of use, I never had a problem with my system.  I have over 5,000 photos, about 1,000 videos, 5,000 songs, and a bunch of other software for work/school/church ministry (30,000 or more documents).  With the mac apps I have switched to, I find that they are more stable and more intuitive than MS Windows based apps.I recommend this computer very highly.  In fact, because of the quality and stability - I bought my wife a mac mini (she did not want a laptop).Buy this computer and you will be very pleased.  You can do anything that MS can do, and better with the right native mac OS X apps.  and if it is not on a mac, well.... you can still run Windows on this computer in bootcamp or a virtual machine like VMFUSION or PARALLELS...Everyone I know that has tried a mac, or has seen mine, now wants one.As for those posts about a mac crashing - ok maybe 1 or 2 in a manufactoring run may have a defect (but that is the nature in electronics in general); but everyone I know who has switched to a mac never has had a problem.  I do suggest the Applecare warrenty, just in case.  But unlike other laptops - this is the first one that something did not break, nor have I had to reformat  the hard drive after a few months....  5 months of everyday use for 4-5 hrs or more and still running like the day I took delivery on it.With mac os x, I  found I did not need all the software I had - as a lot is built into the operating system and iLife that comes with the computer.Time machine backups is great.  It makes an exact copy of the hard drive, then copies of every files.  I could just unplug the external hard drive and plug it into another computer (PC or MAC) and browse right to the file - unlike other backup software that requires special disks and mounting the drive.also, I bought a Wacom Bamboo tablet and plugged it in.  recognized it with no problems.  Turned on the inkwell and handwriting recognition in the preferences for OS X, and now I have a tablet-like PC.  while I cannot write directly on the screen, this is the next best thing.Switching from windows to this was a breeze.Update 4/2/2011 - After 3 years of heavy use, this laptop never failed on me once.  Never had to re-install anything, unlike window where I would have to re-install at least twice by now.  Due to all my native OSX apps, I deleted Parallels.  I no longer need Windows for anything, unless I am working on an MS SQL Server project.  I must say, out of all the laptops and desktops I have eve owned since the 1980's - this has been the most reliable.  I have since grown to needing 1.5 tb of space due to all my music, photos, video, documents, etc.  I imagine I can get another 2+ years out of this, as it still runs as if it was just pulled out of the box.  I rarely torn this machine off.  The only time it is rebooted is when a software update requires it or I need to take it somewhere (less so now that I own an iPad).  Otherwise, this machine stays turned on 24X7.  I also heavily render videos on it.  Considering upgrading it to 4gb ram, due to newer video software being resource intensive.  Not a problem for the CPU, more so that my complex videos are running down the ram.Again, this is the best computer I ever bought.  I have used it for work also, when my Work Windows Dell was down.  That Dell went through 2 hard drives motherboard and power supply.  They gave me a new one with raid, and it crashed both raid drives in a year.  I was really surprised how this laptop out performed a quad core 4gb Dell GPX 750.  Was so happy, I bought my wife a mini in 2008 and that never crashed either.Happy owner of 2 macs, and iPad, and 2 iphones.  Never going back to Windows again, unless my employer requires it.