I've waited to get a Windows 8 computer until I found something worth the pain of re-learning windows and this is it.  When I heard the specs on this computer I was pretty excited - touchscreen, removable tablet, 11 hr battery life, 2 pounds, real keyboard included, and under $400.  I read some poor reviews about the touchpad and the thing falling over, but those reports are overblown or false.  In the end, I love this thing so much I plan on selling my MacBook Air original & iPad original - this replaces them both.Pros:- Low cost ($300 with 64GB on Black Friday)- Very long battery life.- Runs real Windows 8 - not just the "Metro" apps from the app store- Thin & light - fits everywhere and easy to carry- Good keyboard (although some find it too small)- Excellent touch screen- Very easy (one button) to detach fully functional Windows 8 tablet- On an airplane you can use it all the time because it's under 2 lbs.  If they hassle you, you can just use the tablet until you reach cruising altitude.- Display very good.  It's not as high resolution as the new Surface but I don't ever see a problem.  The pixels would be too small for most adults' eyes to be usable at full resolution.Cons:- No separate PgUp/PgDn, but Fn+up/Fn+Dn works.- micro USB power connector feels like it would be very bad if pulled the wrong way.  Apple magnetic connectors are nice!- Windows 8 is nice with the tablet, but it's still schizophrenic between Metro & Windows, and not as easy as an iPad (eg pinch Zoom isn't always available esp in regular Windows).- There aren't yet many dedicated cases.  People are trying all sorts of alternative cases without finding a perfect fit.The touchpad isn't the world's best but it doesn't feel too cheap to me and more importantly, it works fine.  People are complaining about the feel & sound of clicking on the lower left/right but you don't need to do that at all - just tap anywhere to click.The other concern I've seen is about the balance of the LCD vs keyboard and it falling over.  I don't understand this.  I've never had it fall over.  Now, I have seen a video about a guy who disassembles the keyboard and removes the metal plate there to reduce the weight by a huge amount.  That setup probably is top heavy.  The stock T100 never falls back.I've also seen on the TransformerForums.com concerns about power issues - not going to sleep, waking up when closed and draining the battery, etc.  I haven't seen those problems personally, but it seems that these may be related to a bad version of the BIOS which is user upgradeable.  If you are seeing problems, you should update.  If you aren't seeing problems then don't.The only problem I've found is that I can't change the power buttons or lid to Hibernate instead of sleep.  It doesn't matter much with such long battery life, but it still uses .5%-2% per hour while sleeping, and the startup is so quick I prefer to Hibernate.  I eventually installed "Start8" which gives you the old start button back including Hibernate.I've read about WiFi disconnecting, and I've had some problems, but I think my problem is actually with my networks because I've seen it happen side-by-side with another Win7 laptop.I can't see why someone would want a Surface 2 for $450 which won't run real Windows desktop programs, or pay twice that for a Surface Pro 2 which won't do anything more than this.  This laptop rocks.  It's the device I grab when I want to quickly surf the web or check email.  It's also what I grab when I want to watch TV and do some real work.  I also like to use LogMeIn to remote to my desktop and do some real serious work.  It's a great laptop and you'll love it.