This was  a difficult computer to review and  I struggled as to how to rate it given the price point at which it is sold.  I gave it 3 stars out of 5, with the price point being the only thing that almost pushed me to 4. If it weren't for the price, I would honestly put this more toward 2.  Overall, it is a very low end laptop that doesn't seem to know whether it wants to be a laptop, a netbook, or a tablet. One note, I have broken down a separate section for Windows 8. While I don't blame the manufacturer for the issues, when you buy a laptop, you are buying the OS also. As a buyer, you need to be aware of what you are getting.The good:- The screen, while small, is actually very pretty. It has nice resolution and a strong display. It is very bright and easy to read. Text is crisp.- The touch screen seems sensitive enough that I don't feel like I have to push through the screen.- Overall, the computer is very light weight. Given its size, this is no surprise.- The keyboard feels pretty nice. It has the modern chicklet style keys and although they feel a little cheap, typing is quite easy on this device. It is a full size keyboard. Given the size of the computer, this is really nice.- The rubber pads on the bottom of the computer are very non-slip.- It comes with a 500GB HD and 6GB of RAM.- The touchpad is responsive.- Supports 2 finger scroll.- Backlit keys.- Came with an external monitor adapter.The bad:- The plug is very large and takes up more than one spot on a power strip or battery backup. It looks like it was made to have exchangeable outlets, but I often struggle to find plug space and taking up two plugs is unacceptable to me.- The batter is garbage. I booted up the computer and let it sit without using it. In 3 hours and 30 minutes, the batter was close to 20% left. THIS IS WITHOUT USING THE COMPUTER! Given that the battery is so bad, it will need to stay plugged in almost constantly.- Slow charging time.- No built in ethernet adapter. A separate connector must be purchased.- The base of the computer feels very cheap compared to the screen. I would be scared to accidentally drop this computer.- The trackpad is very, very cheaply made with too much play.- No media drive. However, this is becoming more and more common.Windows 8 is hands down the worst version of Windows I have ever used. It takes forever to boot the computer to a working state. I found it difficult to find even the most common of task, like logging off and shutting down.  If you are buying a Windows PC any time in the next year or two, this really, really needs to be a consideration you make.The saving grace for this laptop is the price point. Acer seems to know this is the low of the low end. It is mass produced cheaply and reflects that fact well. If you are looking for a cheap little laptop to take on vacation or if your computer use consist of only surfing the web or maybe occasionally playing some music or movies, this will probably do it for you. I would personally consider looking at a nice tablet instead.