A crashed hard drive, a broken monitor hinge and a complete loss of important files later, I decided it was time to kiss my sweet Acer lappie goodbye for good.Being a gamer, I needed a computer which could handle graphics demanded by the seventh gen console's PC contemporaries, and had RAM capabilities. Well the graphics was really another company's headache but, few laptops provided that kind of customization, Dell being one of the few.Being the emerging choice selection of many of my friends and colleagues, I was intrigued by the Dell laptops. They provided three kinds of laptops depending on budget - Inspiron, Studio and XPS. Drooling all over the XPS just wouldn't bring the price into my budget, so I had to switch over to Studio. Inspiron just wouldn't handle my needs.With 250 GB DDR3 hard drive  and 4 GB RAM, the Studio 15 came with the customization option - everything from the aforementioned RAM (you could tone it down - let's face it, why would you), cover color, Graphics Card, Graphics Memory, Audio Card to name a few slots.Now the real headache was the Graphics card. Nvidia, the way it's meant to be played? Or ATI? (Intel was pretty much out). A lot of head-banging in front of the customization page later, I decided to go with ATI 4570 HD with 1 GB memory. My budget could buy me that.And voila, I had the makings of a laptop that was not too far ahead of its time, nor too far behind. My only gripe was that selecting a gloss-finish for the cover would have added a lot more to the total.Now the most important thing awaited: warranty. Being the most sacred document of understanding between the manufacturer and the customer, its absence would spell complete anarchy. My previous laptop met its maker so soon due to my lacklustre interest in the upkeep of its warranty - I was not going to let that happen another time.This could also be customized according to Dell - I went a little overboard and checked the 3 year limited warranty. Hey, better safe than blame someone else and better blame someone else than be sorry, huh?Yours is here. Yeah mine was here in a matter of 10 days, and boy did I love it. I played around with it like a 10 year old with his first Nintendo. My old laptop died a peaceful death as I revelled in my victory with modern technology. Games like Modern Warfare 2 and Assassin's Creed ran perfectly and movies with 1080p (which in 16:9 resolution is same as 720p only take more memory) ran with great aplomb. The screen was wide and so was my satisfaction.Intense competition was transcended by Dell with it myriad choice of products and customization options. I just wished everything else had as much customization possibilities as Dell provided me with. Good to know where the world is headed when it comes to non-Apple laptops. Oh wait, Apple doesn't make laptop; it makes Macbooks. Good job, Dell!Chinmay HotaAuthor of 'Hits and Misses'