I've used PCs all my life, but switched to using a Macbook Air for the past 3 years because I was happy with my other Apple products and it was (and amazingly, still is in a lot of ways) the gold standard for laptops. But I was never able to get completely comfortable with it - the keyboard layout and shortcuts, the Mac OS in general, etc. It seemed like PCs caught up in the ways that I cared about - weight, battery life, screen quality, etc...and even surpassed Mac laptops in a few ways (e.g. touchscreens), so I figured maybe at this point I could have the best of both worlds - the OS I liked and high quality hardware. So, given that context, how is this laptop?I'm a pessimistic guy by nature so I'll start with the negatives:- the trackpad blows. Definitely better than what I remember was the norm 3 years ago, but this is nowhere near as accurate as the trackpad you find on Macs. The glassy surface is similar, but it seems to vacillate between being too sensitive and occasionally completely unresponsive (mostly when scrolling). On top of that, there is no support for gestures. When you go to some hardcore PC forums, people have uncovered why: Samsung somehow just plain forgot to include a driver. And based upon my reading so far, there isn't a way to fix it. Ridiculous.- Windows 8 is pretty unintuitive. The last time I used Windows was Windows 7 so this is new to me. And while I'm sure I'll be able get my head around it eventually, it's definitely a mess right out of the box. I dread the day I have to upgrade my mom to Windows 8. It's as unintuitive as it gets.- I hate bloatware and anyone who has had any Samsung product knows they love to put their crap all over the place. It's annoying.- I thought that you would be able to open up the screen 180 degrees the way you can with the 13-inch ATIV Book 9. Nope.The middling:- The keyboard is ok. The build quality is actually very nice, but I should have heeded what reviews say about shallow keyboards. The Mac keyboard is pretty shallow so I thought, "how different could it be?" But the reviews warn that shallow keyboards without a sufficient travel feel harsh to type on. And they're actually right. It's actually a bit tiring to type on for an extended period of time (i.e. this review). I think it'll be fine for my purposes, but nothing more.- The screen quality. I chose this laptop specifically because I didn't want to deal with the scaling issues you get with the new batch of super high resolution laptops. But it turns out you still have to play around with the settings sometimes to get certain apps to look ok. Once you do, it looks great, and the colors are beautiful, but it does take some fiddling.- The battery life. When this laptop was first announced, what really caught my attention was the promise of 14 hour battery life. At some point that went out the window and a few weeks ago Samsung started saying that the battery life would only be 8.8. I don't really understand that. I think that's a respectable number, but not amazing.- Having a touchscreen. I thought it would be cool, but it turns out that on a laptop, it's only marginally useful.The good:- It's light for a 15.6 inch laptop. And thin. If Apple took a Macbook Air and just made it with a bigger screen, this is what it would feel like.- The big screen. A 13.3 inch screen was just a tad too small to do real work on for me, so I was definitely looking for something bigger and this fits the bill.- It doesn't get hot. With the Macbook Air even if I wasn't doing anything that intensive, it would eventually get warm enough that I didn't like it.- It's fast. But I don't play games or do anything too intensive, so I may not be the best judge. My main barometer is how fast it starts up or opens applications, and it's plenty fast.=-All in all, I'm happy with my purchase, but I'm not thrilled with it. The trackpad, Samsung bloatware nonsense, and Windows 8 are enough to make me question whether I really should have switched back. I realize that only 1 of those really has to do with the laptop itself, but that wasn't how I was making my decision, nor how I set up this review. I guess I would say if you're looking for a 15-inch laptop, it's pretty much just between this a Macbook. And this is a perfectly respectable and serviceable competitor.