I got this from Costco for $650 and a year of free security, but I have a 2 yr subscription to ESET NOD32, which I love and use on all our computers.  The price was great, as Costco had $150 off on this.  It was rather easy to setup and I haven't had the issues that I've read on other reviews.  My old laptop, which is 7.5 yrs old is a Sony Vaio and in it's day, it was great, though, it had heating issues.The Dell seems to not have the heating issues and as far as Windows 8, it is a lot different than the XP on my Vaio and than the Windows 7 on our other Dell laptop and a desktop we have.  We bought the touchscreen version and that just gives me another option and works well for some of the things I do.This system came with Windows 8 and after I did the 50 updates to this, I upgraded for free to Windows 8.1.  I really don't know what the difference was.  There are major differences from Windows XP and 8.  How the Start menu is completely different and I wished that I could arrange the START menu to all fit on one screen, but that's okay that it's horizontal.  It's more versatile and switching from a drop down type menu to icons is a bit different but not bad.We have an iPhone, so I got used to the touchscreen thing there and swiping.  To close down apps in Windows 8.1, you have to go from the top of the screen and swipe down to the bottom to close it.  For those other apps that have an X in the corner, you can close them down that way.How users are setup are a bit different, but it's fine.  Different isn't bad.  Though, if you don't have a hotmail account, I'm not sure how you would setup your stuff originally.  I do have to use my hotmail account to sign into my computer, which that is a pain if you don't have an account with hotmail.I didn't seem to have any issues with loading any of the programs that I regularly use.  And I had no problems installing Office 2007 Pro to it, which is what I use.  I was glad I did not have to upgrade my Office Suites.One of the things I would like to see is the ability to be able to condense the Apps page of Windows.  It's really cluttered and I don't like seeing all that clutter.  Maybe I just don't know how.It's really a nice little laptop, and I bought it primarily because my subcontracting job is requiring I upgrade to either Windows 7 or 8 Pro.  Next week I should get the Windows 8.1 Pro and I'll write a review of what happens there.  I hope I don't have to uninstall or reinstall all the programs I loaded today.Hope I continue to feel great about this little laptop, but so far, I love it.