I've been an everyday computer user since the 80s and have always, until now loved MacIntosh.  I have not always had them, for example because I use computers issued by my workplace, but when possible Mac's what I've had off and on over the years.  About a year ago I bought a Macbook and Applecare protection plan as a gift for my college-bound son.  The computer has not been troublesome until recently, although I found myself wondering why a $1300 (plus plus plus) Macbook was any better than the $500 Dell I use at work. Experience over the last month has soured me on ever buying another Apple product ever.  The problem is in customer support.  The Macbook broke down (or was inadvertly damaged), which I thought would be a simple matter to diagnose, relate to the warranty, and correct...even if not covered by the warranty.  The first trip by my college age son to the Apple store produced advice from the Apple technician to send it somewhere else due to expected delays and difficulties---better to pay someone else to fix it than to deal with Apple...despite having the expensive Applecare extended service plan. This without any real diagnosis of the problem.  So we took it to Comp USA, listed on the Apple website as an authorized Apple repair center. To make a long story short, Comp USA completely fumbled after charging me $100 for data recovery, which it turned out can not be done with voiding the Applecare warranty. (The authorized technicians at Comp USA were unaware of this.) They never did the data recovery, and I had to return to the store and wait in a long line to get a refund.  It turned out that there is virtualy no provision for data recovery when Macs go down (perhaps it can be done by paying a minimum of $500 to an outside service). Okay, backing up is the customer responsibility.  After the computer sat in the authorized service center unrepaired and un-sent to Apple for over a week, with the technician there lying that it had been "sent to Apple," I finally went to that store to pick it up.  I took the computer again to the Apple store to drop it off to be sent for repair, only to find out that to drop off a malfunctioning computer requires an appointment---and they specify the time.  So now yet another trip to the Apple store. Too bad if you're supposed to be at work during all these trips.  Counting that,  a routine malfunction, still unresolved has caused me (or my son) five trips through heavy traffic to absolutely nowhere.  In the meantime, my son who needs the computer for college work, has been computerless for almost a month and counting. Everything about this experience has been stupid, rude, wasteful, and frustrating. This from a company that charges a premium price for its products and absolutely needs customer loyalty.  Whether the computer merely malfunctioned or has suffered trauma, I do not know.  I can live with either conclusion.  The point is with Apple it has been impossible to even get ANYWHERE on this problem despite extensive efforts. I'd suggest looking at other computers.