I bought this for my mom, knowing what she would use it for, mainly Microsoft Office, internet browsing, and streaming videos. So I wanted something light, with mid-range specs and an HD display. I figured the Intel i5 processor would be enough for this, and the graphics driver didn't really matter a whole lot, since she doesn't run graphics-intensive programs. An SSD was a must, ever since I heard that computers are being built with them now. SSDs are faster, quieter, use no electricity, and produce less heat. Since she does quite a lot of typing, I wanted to get her a 15" laptop because of a bigger keyboard, a significant increase in size from her old 10.1" netbook. And I also wanted Windows 7. Windows 8 is a hot mess, in my opinion, plus I wouldn't want to to have my mom learn a new operating system.I did am internet search for computers with SSDs, windows 7, and an i5, and couldn't find any below $900. Right before I made a purchase of nearly $1000, I stumbled upon this. It had all the specs I was looking for, with the added bonus of a 1920x1080 matte display. I quit what I was doing and for a few days, read up on the reviews for these. Most agree, it is well built, with flaws, even "fatal flaws." These flaws were the trackpad, keyboard, and lack of ports. Since my mom uses a mouse, I saw the trackpad as a non-issue. The flaws in the keyboard were explained to me, but I really saw it as a matter of opinion. And since the ports would not be used, besides one USB, this also was a non-issue.But I have used the machine, so here's my opinion of these aspects of this computer:1. Trackpad: After the initial boot up, the first thing I did was download the drivers for the trackpad. Yes, it is pretty buggy, and it would get annoying after a while. But I think the problem comes more from the design than the drivers. Your fingers have to be a little greasy to use. I used this with my clean hands, and my fingers would not slide on it. And the left and right click is built right in as a single piece, which means that you can't keep one finger on the click button and another on the touchpad, or it gets confused and the cursor jumps around. But the 2 finger scroll worked pretty well for me. Also, the cursor got stuck a time or two, which is the only software problem with the trackpad, but a simple right click fixes it right up.2. Keyboard: Like I said, I think this is a matter of opinion. The lack of a numpad might scare some people away, but it allows for bigger keys. They are large and have a somewhat slippery surface, and little travel. However, the travel is still substantial enough. When I type, I glide my hands across the keyboard from one to another, instead of pulling my fingers off all the way. And this keyboard works well for that. It is actually the best keyboard I have ever typed on, to be honest. And since my mom has the same typing habits, she loves it too.3. Lack of Ports: You get 2 USBs, a headphone jack, and an HDMI. I don't know what to say about this really. If you need more ports, get a different computer. If that's all you need, you won't have any problems.So who should use this? Anybody looking for a mid-range, light laptop, like students, or people looking to stream movies. Don't buy this for gaming, or graphic-intensive programs. If you have a lot of data, don't get this one either. It is advertised as 128GB of storage. It is never exact. This one is just a bit less, and the OS takes up quite a bit of space, so it comes down to around 75GB of free space out of the box. There is no bloatware to be removed, unless you count Skype and Zune (I removed Zune). And one last thing, the unibody is very nice looking, but if hardware problems occur, this would be very difficult to repair, and very costly and time consuming to have someone else do it (the battery is built in by the way, and upgrading RAM will require a lot of work.) This could cause problems down the line, but for now WEEEEEEEE!