I would like to say that there are some misconseptions about this laptop and some very skewed reviews that I have read.Here is my take on the laptop.First, I have had the previous laptops before this and they pale in comparison to the Taichi.The Samsung ATIV PC Pro 700t. (Horrible keyboard)The Samsung Series 9 late 2012 edition. (second favorite ultrabook)Lenovo Twist, Lenovo Carbon x1, HP Spectre 14 with Ivy bridge(late 2012)(Heavy), The yoga (I call it the horrible bouncing screen), the ASUS Zenbook UX31A (Excellent), and my media laptop the HP ENVY 17 3d (Ivy bridge) spec'ed out.Why am I telling you this?I have come to find out that the laptops with the touchscreen right in front of the keyboard has become an unused option for myself, especially when you have a good windows 8 compatible touchpad.  The new touchpads have all the screen moves with no arm movement to reach out to the screen, and once you learn to use the efficiency of the shortcuts there is no real reason to take the time to reach up to the screen. (I did less and less over time.)  I did however want the touchscreen tablet version for the new OS and the desire for the touchscreen but not in the way that it is presented behind a keyboard.  The touchpad is great for taking notes, touchscreen games, Drawing, and just plain fun to use with the windows 8 fluent OS.  I really do love it.  For those of you not liking the windows 8 yet, give it time.  I have come to love it for its efficiency and ability to go PC, Tablet, Phone.  With the learning curve mostly past me, there is nothing else that compares in my opinion.  I would think that everyone would feel the same way once they put the time in and get past the learning curve of the new Awesome OS.  I certain would think so at least.This leading me to why I love the Taichi so much.  I have a great ASUS Zenbook with a great touch pad and I blow through everything windows 8 style and never even think about wanting to have to reach up to the screen.  There is no reason I have to do so.  I am writing Documents, Surfing the web, Productivity, anything keyboard related I really have no need for the screen to be a touch screen in front of me.  Now, when I am done and I have a craving for a touchscreen or I just want consumption with a touchscreen I close the lid and Voila, a tablet for bedtime, table, anywhere.  I play with the stylus (try that upright with a keyboard in front of you.)  I swipe through the games, web, and I love to draw (have you tried the Fresh Paint app by the way).  The awesome stylus the Taichi comes with is the perfect tool for the tablet.When I need to go back to writing emails etc...  I open the lid and instantly have my awesome Zenbook back in front of me to do so.My next desire in a laptop cross over would be to prop the tablet up at just the right angle to watch a movie without the keyboard in front of me.  Taichi does just this.Turn the laptop around hit the outside screen switch and I have a tablet at the angle I want and can watch movies or still just use the tablet as it was meant to be used.I hope this is making sense to some of you.To summarize, I don't want a touchscreen when typing and doing emails and regular laptop functions.  I do want a tablet when I can touch it easily, write, swipe, and draw properly.  I also want the ability to look at the tablet at my preferred angle for plain viewing.  That is turn it around and there is the tablet. (note; with the bottom still on the bottom, unlike the lenovo yoga with the keys down on the table, yikes!)This is another reason why I love the Taichi.It is the perfect tablet for me and I have not covered the dual screen (My kid loves this part).  The ability to have a movie playing on the back side while I am working at the table or sofa is a very cool thing for my 3 year old. I also can do some teaching with him like this as well. He also sits and watches a show sometimes while I work.  OK, OK, that is not the top of everyone's list, but who cares, that part is still cool.Everything else about the tablet is a 10.  The quality, the touchpad, the three level backlit keyboard, the FULL HD SCREENS!  The screens are VERY solid and I have no concern after using them that there will ever be an issue of two screens being on the lid.  It is solid.  I spent the 180 bucks for ADP coverage of course but I don't think it will be the screens that I would have to use it on.This is the number one tablet in my eyes.I hope this helps some people in making the right choice for their new Laptop crossover.