I was very excited to get this device, so when I opened it  and wasn't able to turn on it on, I wasn't too thrilled to see that the manual told me to charge it for 8 hours initially. I can't blame the tablet for that. Going against my better judgment, the little kid in me didn't want to wait for that, so I turned it on after only about a half-hour of charge. I will say that during initial Windows setup, it shut off due to a lack of charge.... My fault. The reason I'm including that is because it is a possible cause of how the device behaved initially. The device while plugged in, seemed to not be charging or doing so at a very poor pace, as others have mentioned. It was sluggish, webpages were loading very slowly in desktop mode and in the Modern IE app. The WiFi randomly cut out, and most of the modern apps (The Metro UI) would open for a second and then force close with no error message. I was aggravated and very close to returning it. However I had read many reviews that lead me to believe that this was not the case for some people.  I work in IT, and I'm not a person who can just give up on a device like this without troubleshooting first, regardless of how strong the urge may be. The first thing I tried was a very simple factory restore, not thinking it would do much but it was worth a shot as a starting point. To my surprise, it worked. The device was suddenly much more responsive, the apps were opening quickly and not force closing, the WiFi was working fine, and the battery was definitely charging whether the screen was on or off. Also to address another review, the charging LED by the power button DOES go from orange to white when it is fully charged. While it may not be the fastest charging device, it charged a lot faster than my 3rd Gen iPad.Now to actually discuss a few things about the physical device. The Screen is nice, not as bright or pixel dense as my iPad was but the extra functionality I receive with Windows 8 is well worth the trade-off. Besides, I didn't really notice a huge difference when watching Netflix or Hulu. The difference was only noticeable with text, but either way it is still a nice and perfectly adequate screen with nice viewing angles and pretty decent color.As for build quality, I don't know what people are complaining about. I was expecting to pick this up and have it feel really cheap and light, and not a good kind of lightweight. This thing isn't too heavy but has a nice solid weight to it as well as the keyboard dock. I'm not saying it felt as "premium" as the iPad did, but it is perfectly fine to me and not just because of the price. The touchpad on the dock is a little erratic at times and doesn't feel great, but it works fine for me. The keyboard is a little small as well, but I'd still prefer it over always using the on-screen keyboard. I applaud Asus for including the dock at this price because to be honest using Desktop mode in Windows 8 sometimes requires a mouse or trackpad to avoid a lot of frustration from mis-taps.Overall, I'm glad I purchased this device. Anything intensive I can do on my desktop, though this little guy seems to be pretty capable. Obviously this won't replace your main computer unless you really only use it for web browsing, watching videos, and creating/editing documents (Comes with Office Home and Student for free..or at least bundled into the great price.) But it is great for what I do with a tablet and a little more. So if you order this and have issues with it, give it a chance and at least attempt a factory restore, which is very simple to do.