So, you want a 17" laptop? Good luck, unless you're willing to go for a gaming unit. It seems that manufacturers are making less mid level 17" laptops in favor of the mass selling 15, 14, and 13" models that so many people think are "cute" or whatever. They also almost always come with shiny Gorilla glass for touch screen purposes, which means unless you're in a cave with no ambient light, you're going to get mad glare on your screen (And I have exactly 0 use for a touch screen on a vertical laptop screen). Try that in a coffee shop where you sit where you can. Sometimes the glare on those glass touch screens is so bad you can't even see your screen. But, hey, that is the future.But, not for me. I wanted an aniti-glare matte finish screen in 17" and full HD (so I can get more information on the screen) with a backlit keyboard. The problem is that that combination is almost nonexistent, unless you step up to a gaming laptop. Those will run, for 17" models, around 1400.00 plus. Also, they are made for gaming and have power needs far beyond what a business user needs, or, because of battery life, wants. That's me.If you want or need a backlit keyboard, which I do and did, a 17" 1080p resolution, good battery life, and all for less than 780.00 USD, then this is your PC, and you better get it fast because this combination is a dying breed.Fan noise? Not mine, unless I use the High Power setting, which cranks the fan up regardless of CPU and GPU temperature. I know, it's strange because the two (fan speed vs GPU/CPU temp) should always be linked, but that's how Win 8 and the Sony BIOS in this machine works (You can get software and hack the fan to run at varying temperature based on CPU and GPU temp, and set the fan speed according to temperature, and that's how it should be anyway. I haven't tried SpeedFan yet, so don't ask. And even if you do, I stopped getting replies to any of my reviews, so nee-ner-nee-ner.). So, to get rid of fan noise, use the Balanced power plan and the fan noise goes away, unless you start laying on the CPU or graphics chip, usually by running video, which includes Youtube stuff and other likewise uses. Then it comes on, but it's not really noisy. And yes, when you aren't using the GPU or CPU, the fan is off. Silent. I will give you this, though, even on balanced or power saver (again, I have no idea why Sony linked the "plan" to the BIOS cooling system), once I start using the CPU and the fan does come on, sometimes I have to reboot to get it to kick off all the way.There is nothing I don't like about this PC. I can't speak to longevity because I'm only been using it for two months. It's fairly rigid and does not feel cheap, especially the keyboard, which is just beautiful to use as the feel is positive and snappy and has a quality rubber coating feel to it. Yes, if you lay on the keys you can see a little keyboard flex, but this is the case with most all laptops, in a manner of degree. The lid flexes a little when I pick it up with one hand, but nothing that would harm the PC or screen itself. And, for a 17", it's really light. If I'm doing non CPU or video intensive work, I can get over 3.5 hours on the battery, and that's with the screen cranked up to 85%.The unit has plenty of power and gobs more for all business related uses, including Photoshop rendering and stuff like that. The video card, or integrated chip set, is, indeed, the weak point of the system. You won't be playing any 3D games on it, so forget about Crysis and other games and heavy video editing. It will run your mind numbing web based arcade like games, for those who like that. That said, it will do most anything else 2D, again, running Photoshop just fine (I don't even use PS any longer, as I have no need for it. I use GIMP when I need something like that, and GIMP runs just fine, no slowdowns or other problems).Great system for:-Business applications-Watching Videos or any sort, including DVDs-Low video power need games (most all web based games are ok, and some lesser power hungry games might be ok).-Any entertainment, such as music etc.-Great if you need lots of screen realestate (I trade stocks so I have 7 Windows open full screen all of the time--no problems here).-You want good battery life with a full HD 17" monitor.