I brought my 14z around Nov 2011 and did not open until Xmas day. However, the mouse touchPad, as CNET editor's review mentioned, most time, it lags behind finger movement. It even freezes time to time. I spent 4 hours, two sessions with Dell India support team. No result. Support Rep concluded that I need to have it shipped back to service depot.* So you think the nightmare stop there. Wrong.Depot shipped back my laptop and said that the issue was at Hard Drive. And more interesting thing is that they do not have hard drive in stock to fix the issue and will send me one in the mail.* So you trust their diagnose and waiting for hard drive come to solve the issue, wrong.The hard drive came . But it was blank and bare. Dell does expect you to install per my conversation with them. It requires to open the cover, remove the screw and mounting bracket, put bracket on another one and put back. Well. No OS, Not pre-imaged. After many hours my time to install the OS, Driver, Networking. Voila, Hard drive is not the issue. Problem still there. Wonder how they came up with this root cause*So you think they will allow to replace with a working one. WrongI called customer service and escalated the case to up management. No result. The up escalation team even playing the hard ball and asked me the follow their procedure to have onsite person to fix the touchpad. So escalation team cannot resolve the issue. Push down to customer service again.*So you think the onsite engineer should fix the issue, right. Wrong.The engineer came, replaced the touch pad, no work. Replaced the motherboard, , not work.*So you think the customer service will resolve the issue by replacing this bad one to good one. WrongThey asked me to ship back again. Can you believe that? Ship back again. You kidding.Six strike. I did not buy this and ask for a replacement or sue them for wasting my time.*Finally, after two days internal discussion, they agree to replace this with working refurbished one.So after 6 strikes, more than 12 hours, 6 fedex shipment between me and Dell. Issue finally resolved. What is really wrong? The issue really is dell customer service team is so far to reach in India. They just follow all the procedures posted on the wall. Every issue has to follow the play book. That is why Dell deeply fail on me. 6 Strikes.So lessons learned1: Buy Dell products if you know how to fix it. Or buy dell if you have time to deal with their support Team.If you answer no to above lesson, then buy apple.2: If your support rep name is Mandeep, ask for another rep.3: If you got 14Z with last 4 digits are ZRQ1, ask for replacement before it was mine.Oh, forget one more thing, do not believe any reviews on Dell's web site. They post only selected reviews and mine was just get filtered out.