Intel i3 dual-core processor( two processors in one, can perform operations up to twice as fast as a single processor can), 4gb of RAM and 320 Gb of hard drive for a very low price! what are you waiting for!?!?Bougth this laptop on black friday. wanted to update my old gateway i have had for the last 4 years. I know gateway is not one of the "best" or biggest brands out there, but i must say that this is still a great product that can go face to face with Sony, Toshiba and HP.The only reason why i bought this laptop was because i have had a gateway for the last 4 years as i mentioned before, and never had any software or hardware problems with it. Its being 4 days since i got this laptop and it has worked perfect so far.hardware: It is just awesome! the fact that it does not look like any other laptop out there makes it unique. The texture and desing is  the keyboard is very easy and accesible, the F or "functions" keys are just very helpfull and easy to control. I think the best thing about it is that it has all you want to do built-in on the keyboard, so you don't have any " extra" keys outside the keyboard for the volume control, wifi or even changing songs. If you like simplicity and elegance, this computer will be a good choice for you for a great price, but if you thing gateway is not a good brand just get a MacBook Pro and spend $1200 on a machine that you  wont even make the most out of it. Bought it essentially for school projects and my social life ( Facebook, Youtube, MSN, Skype e.t.c). I have installed two games that require lots of RAM and i can say it does the work with very smooth graphis. ( the games are WOW and AOE III)It looks like they didn't do a very good job on the mouse pad, i have 4 main concerns about it:1. the mouse pad was placed to the very left side of the computer, and althought i haven't had any problem when typying, like another person that did a review on this previously, i will say that it looks like they made it just for left-handed people! sometimes it gets annoying when you have to move your right hand to the very left of the computer, but i guess is just a matter of time and getting used to it.2.The interaction with the mouse pad sometimes is a bit slow, when you put your finger on it, it takes about 1 or 2 seconds for the pad to recognize it and then you can move in the screen. I know it doesn't sound like a main concern but it will have a big effect when you are in a hurry and need to move along your windows really quick.3. the option to scroll down and up on the page ( to the very right side of the mouse pad) sometimes just doesn't work! It seems that it only does its job when you are working on a microsoft word document but when it comes to srcoll down on an internet browser MOST of the times doesn't work.4. They included a very nice feature on this mouse pad that i am sure most of you didn't know before. you can zoom in and out on the page that you are just by placing your two fingers next to each other and opening them(zoom in) or closing them ( zoom out), YES like a Mac! :) . Althought it's a great feature it doesn't work as perfect as it should, it frezzes or even do the oppossite SOMETIMES.15.6" is a very descent size, i am not a a very big fan of small computers. Althought the size may seem too much for some people, i just thing is the perfect size to do just anything. it is very light and thin and it won't get warm if you keep it on a flat surface ( i guess all new computers can do that).Overall is a great choice for a very descent price, i bought it for less than it is listed here but i will definitelly recomend this product to anyone out there willing to have a very elegant and unique product with the capabibilty of doing just anything on daily basis.any other question? ask me i will be more than happy to answer! :)