I've had my Macbook (MB) for about two weeks now and I have to say I love it, and I'll tell you why:1) Ease of use.  After you get over the PC to Mac unfamiliarity (it took me a day or so), you'll realize that everything on this MB is so much more user friendly than any PC/Notebook I've ever used.  For example, deleting items/programs off the computer.  There is no need to uninstall...just drag the item to the trash and bingo, the program is gone.  There is no registry in OS X to deal with.  Wireless connectivity is a breeze - just walk into a hotspot and a little window pops up asking if you want to connect.  That simple!  My previous laptop - Dell Insipiron - took some windows configuration which if you're new to wireless connectivity could take awhile to get used to.  Bluetooth comes standard and any device is automatically detected.  I have a BT mouse that I just turned on and the MB took care of the rest.  It was that easy -- so far I haven't had to deal with drivers and updating and the like.2. Security -- I am still a litle wary about this aspect of the MB, but no anti-virus software!  I have not yet (knock on wood) encountered any spyware/viruses whereas in PC, that is the first thing you have to contend with.  That is not to say Macs are not vunerable, but much less so than PCs from what I've read.3. It is sleek, light, and great looking.  Aesthetics aren't too important to me, but it is a plus.  The MB looks great and works well.  Not to mention its 1" all around size.  It is slightly heavy, a little over 5lbs with the adapter.  Fits nicely in my school bag -- not much heavier than a 5 star notebook with about the same dimensions.4. Little things.  So you can probably get more functionality/customizibality from a Dell for at or just under the price of this MB.  But what the Dell probably won't offer is the little things. For example, the AC adapter comes in two parts - one much like the IPod adapter with two prongs for travel and then a three pronged extension when using at home.  The fast connectivity of this MB - I never have to turn it off/restart, I just close the lid and the its goes to sleep.  When I open the lid, the computer starts right up and picks up where I left off in seconds.  On that note, the use of magnets for the lid closure and power cord connector -- that is ingenious!  No latch to break, no hard cable connection to send your MB flying from the careless, unaware college kid. Installing applications -- just download app, an icon appears on your desktop, drag it to your applications folder and you are done.  There are many more little things that I could mention, but this review is turning out too long as it is.Bottom line:  I am very happy with this MB.  It is my first Apple Computer, and when my Dell XPS dies, I intend on replacing it with an Apple PC.  They just seem so much more user friendly.  I am not a computer whiz and the Mac seems to target the average user like me.  I love every aspect about this MB from the size, weight, design, to its functionality.  Switching from PC to MAC is really not that difficult and if you get stuck, just google whatever it is you need and someone somewhere has probably had the same question.  Most of the stuff is common sense.  Unlike some other users, I don't think the MB gets overly hot on my lap after many hours of usage.  The keyboard is flat and takes a bit of getting used to, but I love it.All in all, well worth the price.  I bought mine off the Apple store, used the student discount ($100 off), got a free IPOD.  Granted you cannot upgrade much on this machine (I got a larger HDD), so it won't replace a regular computer for gaming or serious graphic design.  If you want more value for your money - you're probably better off with something like a Dell.  But if you have the money (although it's not overpriced for compared to other notebooks in its class), and want a well thought out, nicely built machine - with very little headaches that are associated with PCs, you should get this MB.  You won't be disappointed!