The Cr-48 prototype device was my first exposure to Chrome OS. I instantly fell in love with the idea of a minimalistic, cloud-based operating system and haven't relied on a traditional computer since (except for StarCraft). I was also ecstatic when the 1st gen Chromebooks were announced last year, but unfortunately they weren't a sufficient upgrade over the Cr-48. That's why I decided to hold out on purchasing one until I felt the hardware was "ready".Well now the hardware couldn't be more ripe for the picking. The biggest change in the 2nd gen model, as noted by almost every reviewer, is the  speed. Everything just flies. It boots up in 3-4 seconds and sleeps/resumes instantly. Go ahead and throw it 20 tabs while playing multiple 1080p YouTube videos, it won't stutter once. You can even play a real game like Bastion on it with no lag whatsoever. Chalk it up to Intel's brilliant Sandy Bridge architecture and 2X RAM (now 4 GB).Another major upgrade was the build quality. The keyboard is quiet and has the perfect amount of bounce. The trackpad on the Cr-48 and 1st gen models were a disaster. Thankfully, the new models' is sublime -- gesture control works like a charm as your fingers glide across the surface. Although the Chromebook is made of plastic, it's some high-quality stuff -- no creaking or bending. The hinge is also nice and stiff. Also, the palm rest area is aluminum, which is a fantastic idea. Plastic palm rests discolor over time and an all-aluminium body conducts too much heat onto your hands. Finally, the device footprint is petite, being only 0.83" thin and weighing little over 3 lbs, almost as much as a MacBook Air.The most common complaint about the new Chromebook is the price. Detractors complain that a traditional laptop at the same price can do so much more. But that same laptop slows down over time, crashes randomly, force closes, has bloatware, requires hours to setup, takes minutes to boot, requires spyware-scanning/virus-scanning/disk-cleanups, endless patches and updates, reboot after installations, has loud fans, poor battery life...should I keep going? It's sad that this is what we've grown accustomed to in the past 30 years. Chromebooks are the first device out there that don't have the above frustrations whatsoever.Another complaint is that you can't do everything on the web. That's true...for the fraction of people who compile code, do professional video and photo-editing, are hardcore gamers, 3D modeling, etc. The point is that nowadays, the most used and in a lot of cases, the _only used_ program on your computer is the browser. And since +Google Chrome is the most popular browser on the planet, using a Chromebook is easy, natural and kinda makes sense. And the list of offline Chrome apps is ever-growing. With the new Chromebook, you're getting the most hassle-free, pleasant computing experience out there with the build quality of a $1000+ laptop _at less than half the price_. Anyways, that's enough of my pitch for Chrome OS.I really want to get my parents a Chromebook so we can finally video chat with Google+ Hangouts without fiddling with all the webcam settings. But it's also ideal for power users who use Google products since so many of them are baked in. Regardless, the new Chromebook is an awesome, forward-thinking device and in my honest opinion, the best computer out there for the majority of people. Oh and did I mention, it comes with 12 free in-flight Wi-Fi sessions?