I want to give 5 stars, but for now I cannot.  I purchased the C720 on 2/8/14 and within the first 48 hours I experienced a few "crashes."  I chalked them up as crashes and within the first week focused on finding a bad Chrome extension.  I eventually disabled all extensions but the issue still persisted.  About once a day I would experience a "crash."The next step was to contact a Chrome Ninja who did some troubleshooting with me and eventually had me do a powerwash.  After trying this and sending some system data they indicated my Chromebook had been put in developer mode and that they could not help me.  This was interesting because a) it was a new Chromebook and b) while I know what developer mode is I certainly did not perform the steps at any time to enter into developer mode.  After explaining this to the Chrome Ninja he reviewed the information I sent again and said the Chromebook was no longer in developer mode but had been put in dev mode at some point in the past.  Given that, he said the only way for him to continue to assist was for me to do a full recovery of the machine.  No big deal, I made my USB recovery disk and completed the task and started over.After performing the recovery, the machine was still randomly "crashing" 1-2 times per day.  After the Chrome Ninja reviewed the latest system info he replied back and said I have a power issue and that I'd need to contact Acer for support/repair.  What I ignorantly wasn't realizing is that the Chromebook wasn't necessarily crashing, it was completely shutting down.  I should have realized that given that I had to press the power button each time it happened for the Chromebook to boot back up, but I just wasn't putting it together I guess since this is my first Chromebook.Now that I realized what was happening (thank you Chrome Ninja), I contacted Acer for repair since I had unfortunately purchased the Chromebook from Best Buy and I was past my 14 day return window.  At first, Acer wanted me to pay for shipping to their facility in Texas.  While I was annoyed they would even think I would pay for shipping (I told them the Chromebook was brand new and less than 30 days old) it was admittedly not that hard to get them to pay for the shipping.  I simply asked the Acer support representative and it took him about 5 minutes to confirm a free shipping label would be approved.  After a brief hold, he came back and said he was emailing me a shipping label.So, that's pretty much where I stand.  I have shipped my brand new Chromebook that I've used maybe a dozen times off to Acer for repair.  While I consider myself an understanding person, I'm quite disappointed that I'm now without my device for a period of time.  I can only hope that they actually repair it correctly and that the issue does not occur again.  Given the random nature of the issue, I'm skeptical at best.  I am hopeful though given the fact that there are so many positive reviews for this device I have to be an anomaly.I will update my review and rating once I get the device back from Acer.  If anyone else experiences a new machine that just randomly shuts down, don't wait until the return period is over... just swap it out for a new one immediately!UPDATE: 4/15/2014-----------------My Chromebook has been in repair with Acer twice now.  The first time, regarding the power issue above, they simply "Reloaded OS" and sent it back.  I had told them, more than once, that I had already done that and it didn't help.  After receiving the Chromebook back in late March, I began to experience the same issue of the Chromebook just randomly powering off on the very day that I received it back from repair.  So, I immediately called Acer support and they immediately, without trouble, sent me a shipping label (again) to send it back for repair (again).  After just 1 day of having the Chromebook back in my possession, I turned around and shipped it off again.I received the Chromebook back today, 4/15, with a note reading, "Unable to replicate symptoms of the unit shutting down.  Unit remained powered on while streaming videos from youtube for more than 24 hours.  No trouble found."  Fair enough, but at this point I'm just waiting for the issue to happen again, at which time I will send it in... again.  Luckily, Google has been very helpful and they are helping me figure out what the issue is.  I just have to wait for it to happen again and they're going to analyze the data I send them from a feedback report.I'm trying to remain patient as I know my issue is difficult to replicate and is very random, but I would love to be able to talk to a more technical person at Acer to explain my issue as I believe things are getting "lost in translation..."  The other issue is I'm thinking it's battery related, and I would be the Acer tech left the Chromebook plugged in, and I've only experienced the issue while on battery power.Given the above... I've updated my rating to 2 stars.