REVIEW UPDATED:So I just went through a form with Amazon to do a full refund after a month with the computer. This is due to the requirements for the computer. I could not justify the price for what it is. For schoolwork, it is just too big. For gaming, it is not good enough for the price. This computer was the envy of my friends and I truly did love it and will be sad to see it go away...I am going to take my money and invest it into a very cheap and heavily discounted Asus X202 touch laptop or similar laptop for school, use the excess money to get two solid state drives, one for my new laptop and one for my desktop. I will also get new ram for my desktop as well as a next gen graphics card that so far is future proof. The rest of the money will be thrown towards a PS4 or Xbox One and will take a significant chunk out of them making it easier to get them when they release.This way I get a computer that is more practical for school, and two very powerful game systems that blow this laptop out of the water.I will truly miss it, it is a great laptop and I recommend it to anybody with a much bigger disposable income. I'm truly sad to see it go.Oh, also it had battery trouble and would not keep charge after a month of use. Thats just one more reason.BELOW IS MY OLDER REVIEW:Ok, so for about the past 3 months I've been researching various laptops at around 1k for my first year of college.This was the first one to have everything I wanted-4th gen Haswell Quad CoreGood enough battery lifeTouch Screen at 1920x1080A good enough dedicated graphics card (gt750m)The reason i give this 3 stars are because of various flaws I found with it.The first one I ordered got here in a day. It was a amazing computer, well built, good audio, great screen, battery life. The nvida card was giving me trouble and after a session of Crysis 2, the gt750m's driver reported error code 043, which essentially means it died. I sent it back and got a new one same day from amazon and starting dealing with new issues.My new issues were the 5400rpm hard-drive and the networking card.The HDD is just too slow for my tastes, I've grown up on 7200rpm emachines and have a OCZ solid state drive in my desktop. it is simply too slow and I plan on replacing it if I can stay within warranty.The Networking card (Qualcom Artheros Ar9485wb-eg) is also really slow. It takes a full minute to download 1000kb of data. Both the original and the replacement had this issue. i use either wired now or use a usb wifi adapter. Again if I can manage to stay within warranty I will replace it with something better.Now for the better stuff.I really like the gt750m nvidia card, it can handle most games at the same graphics of today's 7th gen consoles. The most taxing game I have are Planetside 2, it is playable in big battles on very low settings at full resolution but at any other settings it is iffy. I can manage 40-50 frames at these settings. I played left 4 dead 2 and that was eaten up. The optimus technology automatically switched to the HD 4600 integrated card in the cpu when I played Halo Combat Evolved at Maximum settings in a close quarters unlimited grenades and rockets 16 player match, the integrated card chewed it up. I haven't tried Crysis 2 on the replacement model yet.Build quality feels like a very fine aluminum, almost like plastic but very solid, I like it.Screen is the best I have ever had, it is beautiful.Keyboard, I didn't like the fact it is silver but it is easy to type on and although the backlit bleeds a lot, it does make it easier to see the actual keys and not just the letters.Mouse pad is the best I have used. Does not mess up your cursor if you accidentally touch it when typing papers like on some notebooks.Audio is good for a notebook, the additional subwoofer is weak and I forgo it for my cheap gogroove speakers.Battery life may sound average at 5 hours but it is very generous, when it says 3 hours and 19 minutes it really does mean that much time is left if you keep using how you are. Other notebooks seem to have a less accurate timing.Not too much bloatware, easily removed within five minutes.All in all i give it 3 stars because my first model failed and it has a slow HDD and crappy network card.Pros:Full HD IPS Touch Screen with great anglesGood keyboard although blandGreat mousepadgt750m handles modern games well and is capable at low settings select next gen titlesbattery life is generousCPU is powerful when on high performance modegood audio for a notebookCons: SLLLLOOOOOOOWWWWWW HDD at 5400rpm (upgradable)Crappy network card that WILL frustrate you (upgradable)Maybe a little big to bring into classes?First models gt750m died on me