Let me begin by saying that I'm a computer science student, so I usually put my computers through as much as they can possibly handle.  This laptop has fulfilled all of the needs that I have for a laptop, and I highly recommend that anyone who is on the fence about which new laptop to buy just stop wondering and buy this one!  :)Remember that the most important factor in buying a new laptop is what you're actually going to be using it for... for me, I will have my laptop plugged in to a monitor and functioning as a desktop 90% of the time.  I needed web browsing, basic photo editing, and just enough power to occasionally run some CAD software.  The most important factor for me was general quickness and snappiness, and I wanted something with a touchscreen just to see what all the windows 8 hype was about.I actually went to best buy to try out a comparable Sony VAIO touchscreen that I had basically decided to buy (their T series 15, also with a touchscreen / full HD display / i7) and honestly I wasn't impressed by the general 'feel' of the computer.  It felt sluggish and generally not quite what I'd hoped for in a quick, snappy, windows 8 laptop.  I saw this ASUS next to it and just to compare the feels of the two machines I gave the ASUS a try.  After about 2 minutes, I didn't touch the VAIO again.  This ASUS looks like a spaceship with its aluminum brush finish and the keyboard backlight, and it performs just like you'd hope from an i7.But now for what you actually care about, the concrete good, bad, and ugly...The good:- the 3rd gen core i7 is wicked fast, plain and simple.- I know people tend to give windows 8 a bad rap, but I actually have grown to love it.  I admit at first I was uncomfortable without my start button, but now that I've gotten used to the layout I actually find myself to be vastly more productive on a computer than I was with my windows 7 machine.- CD/DVD read/write capability... this was a must for me and a reason I didn't buy most of the ultrabooks on the market.- the high def screen... it's seriously gorgeous.  Honestly I've compared it with a few retina displays on friends macs and the ASUS display is arguably better in a lot of ways...- 10-point touchscreen.  It's highly reliable and a good way to quickly perform tasks that were cumbersome on a typical laptop touchpad before.  I think a lot of the reason that people harsh on windows 8 is that they don't actually have a touchscreen, and I wouldn't recommend windows 8 without one either.-  8 GB of ram takes care of most of the big applications I need to run, and I haven't hit major issues yet.  Even if I did, there's the option to upgrade to 16GB of ram, which is a nice feature.- I'll list the 750GB hard drive as a pro because it's plenty huge.  This will be the first thing I upgrade in the computer though, I'll swap this one out for a smaller SSD to drastically speed up the machine.The bad:- integrated graphics just isn't that good.  For ultra heavy gamers, this probably isn't your laptop, but again, I don't need that.  I can happily play my smaller games (league of legends, anyone?) on medium to high graphics settings without noticeable problems.- it's not small.  For the machine it is, it's a reasonable size, but if you're looking for something to hide in a briefcase or shoulder bag and tote around everywhere, it's could be a little big for you.And the ugly:Note that I actually bought my computer from SoCal Deals refurbished (manufacturer refurb).  On receiving the laptop, the left side of the screen flickered in a disturbing way, so I had to call ASUS, create a support case number, ship in the unit, wait over a week, and only THEN get the computer back in like-new condition.  After that fiasco, though, it's worked perfectly ever since!The verdict:  If you're looking for an awesome all-around laptop with a gorgeous display, excellent build quality, a touchscreen, plenty of RAM, and a snappy fast feel, save yourself a lot of effort and just get this one, you won't be disappointed.  Really the only area that this computer is lacking in is the high-end graphics performance, so if you're a heavy gamer look elsewhere.  Otherwise, I can't recommend this laptop enough!