I bought this system to use as a light gaming machine and I ended up being surprised at how well it works with my newer games. First, I want to explain why I rated it four stars as opposed to five stars. On its own, the laptop is very capable, but it does get warm and the fans will blow constantly while playing games. Also, the hard drive is a definite bottleneck in the system, which does hurt the system's performance. However, replace the hard drive with a solid state drive (make sure you get a 7mm drive), max the memory to 12 GB and get a cooling pad, this laptop is an easy five star rating.Specs are available in a number of places. I don't have a lot to say on this other than once you get used to the keyboard, it works quite well. The biggest issue is the lack of status lights on the system. No Caps Lock, Num Lock or Scroll Lock indicators, no hdd activity lights. These are remedied with software easily enough. For those asking, this does not have a touchscreen nor a backlit keyboard. No optical drive is included, but a USB DVD drive can be had for less than $40.The Aspire V5-552G-X852 ships with the original Windows 8. Acer does not supply Windows 7 drivers for this laptop, but if you search online you can find instructions for installing Windows 7 that aren't too terribly difficult to follow. Why Windows 7? Well, as much as I like Windows 8.1 (it's not as bad as people say it is), I tend to run a lot of older games which don't necessarily play nice with Windows 7, let alone Windows 8.Okay, so now you may be asking yourself, what games have I tested with the laptop and what are the results? Well, I don't have any testing software, so these notes will be based on my own observations, not on "serious" testing. I do have 12 GB memory in the system, a cooling mat and the stock 5400 rpm hdd. Your mileage may vary:Minecraft - I see this question asked and yes, the laptop does run Minecraft pretty well. I don't have all the settings maxed, but the game plays smoothly for the most part. There are some slowdowns when you first start the game as it is loading the world around you.Skyrim - I'm running this with AA set to 8x and Anisotropic at 16x. No major slowdowns that I've seen so far. However, I haven't run into a dragon or major battle yet, so this may change.The Sims 3 - A little disappointed that the system can't run this game well at full detail, but it runs okay at medium-high settings. The hard drive is a serious bottleneck here as loading the game takes long enough, but then saved games can take up to 5 minutes to load as well.Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning - Max settings, no slowdowns that I've seen so far. This includes combat with multiple enemies.Dragon Age games - Dragon Age: Origins plays well at max settings. Dragon Age II plays nearly as well, but there is some stuttering in the animation while walking. Combat doesn't seem to stutter, so I'm thinking the hard drive bottleneck may be coming in to play.BioShock Infinite - Limited testing at both medium and full settings, the game runs fine. No real slowdowns detected.I've tested a number of other games as well, but these are my usual stress testing games. So again, overall the system exceeded my expectations. With a decent sized solid state drive, it could be an even faster system. Definitely recommended for gaming on a budget.