Hello, this is my first review!!First of all I will talk about the HP envy's design. its design is just really cool, it loos like a very sophisticated, elegant, and very modern laptop. Also the lid of the laptop is made out this opaque black aluminum which hides a alot scratches, but is also a fingerprint magnet, but if you clean it once in a while you won't have a problem.Next, the most important thing for me performance.The laptop with the i5 processor, has a very good performance,it is quick, it loads windows in a few seconds. I use it for gaming a lot, and I have had no problem playing games like Mafia 2, Mass Effect 2, Half Life 2 and other games, ALL in High quality graphics, and a 1366x768 resolution. The only bug I have with the performance is in the noise, the laptop is a little bit loud, not extremely. For example is you are at work with your laptop and there is a little noise in the office you won't hear it, but if you are at home alone, you will probably hear it. TIP: shut off the cool sense because it will lower the noise and save battery( the laptop won't get hot anyways). Something I love about it is how cool (sense of heat) it is, while gaming it doesn't even get slightly warm.Next screen:The screen is real glossy, but also very nice resolution, the colors are bright as hell. Also the nice is  really nice for gaming, but not too big, to carry around.Track pad and keyboard;The track pad many people say that it is horrible, but it really isn't its just something you got to get used too. I have had this PC for almost 3 weeks and I haven't felt any difficulty on the track pad, only maybe in the first 2 or 3 uses, but then nothing. The keyboard does have a slight flex but nothing serious that you would feel.Battery: There as myths about this PC's battery. Let me tell you, they are false, I believe Apple invented them to make people don't buy this PC. For example, yesterday I played 3 and half hours on battery with my pc hooked up to my TV  with high graphics, high performance and wireless turned on, and when I stopped playing I still had 15% battery= 35min (The laptop said) but once I started instead using Facebook the PC told me that (after 15min) I had 10%= to 30min. So the battery can easily last up to 5:30 or 6 hours.\Finally I will talk somethings in general.Overall this laptop is really great, it has excellent performance, excellent SOUND( the beats sound is GREAT), also excellent graphics and excellent price compared to similar laptops in the market, such as the Macbookpro which is 1200 dollars the 13.3 inch, which doesn't even have a graphics card (LOL). don't think it twice and buy this laptop, Also if you might want it with an i7 processor you can get it too. The only disadvantage again is the sound, which is not much and maybe the fingerprint magnet lid. If you have any questions please don't be afraid to ask here and I will get to you.