I received this computer not too long ago, and have been very happy with my purchase.  There are a good amount of features on the computer, especially for the price.  I particularly like the versatility and balance of specs, the Altec Lansing speakers (more on these in the edit), and that it has an actual graphics card.  The one-year accidental damage warranty and the "IceCool" technology that keeps your hands/ wrists cool as they rest on the computer while you type or use the touchpad are certainly nice, too.  Speaking of the touchpad, it is a pretty good one in my opinion, and I am fairly picky with these...  It doesn't have the scroll pad on the side, but it has a "multitouch" function that allows you to scroll by touching the pad with two fingers.  These are the features that stand out to me the most.I don't have strong cons to the computer really... The hard drive is only 5,400 RPM, and of course I would have like to heave seen 7,200 RPM instead.  I honestly don't perceive any real delay, though.  If I did intense 3D graphics, there may be a noticeable one, but I believe that just partitioning the drive to have a small, quickly searchable sector will make just about and hard drive work reasonably fast.  The keyboard will take a bit of getting used to and Windows 7 has some odd quirks (My screen saver would not come on when I purchased the computer; checking the box to ask for a password upon awakening apparently solved the problem).  This is obviously a problem with Windows 7 and not the computer.) The keyboard takes a bit of getting used to but is actually pretty good...  Certainly a bit different, though.The Turion II is another matter of discussion with this computer, because many people are discrediting it for the reported clock speeds from independent reviews.  This chip has a lot of features that make it a quality processor though, like the integrated memory controller.  The Turion II certainly handles the GPU in this computer better than a comparable Intel (...I would rather have this Turion II in this system than many others, including some Core 2s, though a Turion II Ultra with double the cache carainly would have been nice.  I give this computer 4.5 stars overall...  Bottom line: the features are great for the price.  I haven't seen another computer that has this combination of features in the ~$600 range.****EDIT Notes****  I have used this computer much longer now and got to experience the problem with the low Audio.  The speakers, even if you get SRS Premium Audio Sandbox (SRS's own software) to utilize these SRS speakers, is still mediocre at best.  I played with it for a little while and was satisfied, but came back with some Jazz tunes and they sounded horrible if the effects were turned up enough to hear.  If the effects weren't turned up, then hearing more than a faint melody would be near-impossible.  For this reason, I knock this computer down another half star to 4 overall.  It is a great computer, but the speakers are not as good as advertised, even if you buy software to utilize the speakers better; Also, throwing in a Turion II Ultra or triple-core Phenom II for a higher-end AMD based system would have been really nice, in my opinion.The computer I traded this in for: Toshiba Satellite L645D-S4036 LED TruBrite 14.0-Inch Laptop (Black)...  It is similar, has a slightly worse graphics unit, but the M880 shipset with the Phenom II processor make for a decent GPU that actually ranks a bit better than the one in this ASUS.  The Phenom II or the Turion II Ultra were my two choice processors for this replacement, and I decided to go with the 1.8ghz Phenom II.  I am definitely happy so far!