I bought the Lenovo Yoga after observing one of my friends using it in class one day. My mistake. I should have made sure I tried the keyboard before ordering one myself. But in my defense, I never imagined that Lenovo could make a bad keyboard. After all, the keyboard on my $600 Lenovo V570 was the best thing about that particular laptop.Imagine my surprise when I received my Yoga and discovered that it lacks a typically excellent Lenovo keyboard. In fact, the keyboard on this machine (I'm typing this review on it) is infuriating for anyone who's ever used a decent keyboard in their life (like the keyboard of a Lenovo ThinkPad or MacBook). It's simply soft and mushy with lots of springiness. And some of the keys--among them the minus, plus, and top-right row of function keys--actually creak (i.e., make a creaking sound) when pressed! As a writer and programmer who intended to use the Yoga heavily in grad school as well as at work, I need a good keyboard which isn't an exercise in frustration every time I use it. For heavy typing, I think most typists will find the Yoga's keyboard quite frustrating.On top of the keyboard issues you can expect to experience trackpad frustration as the Synaptics drivers apparently crash intermittently making using the trackpad an adventure. Ugh. I'm sure they'll release better drivers for it soon, but in the meantime it's very frustrating.But yes, on the bright side, the Yoga does feature an exceptional IPS screen. I love the resolution, clarity, color vibrancy, contrast, and viewing angles. It's a thing of beauty. And I really like how the Yoga looks. I just dislike the keyboard.[EDIT ON 11/14/12]In the process of self-upgrading the RAM in my Yoga from 4GB to 8GB I somehow managed to fix the "creaking" sound I heard before when pressing the minus and plus and F9-F12 keys. They're still not as quiet as the rest of the keys, but at least they don't produce a pronounced and odd sound for a keyboard to make. Now they just produce an louder sound when struck than the rest of the keys. It's possible that further experimentation with the metal tab behind that section of the keyboard will further improve the sound issue. We'll see. At least it doesn't sound anymore like those keys need a strong shot of WD40.[UPDATE ON 12/1/12]I really really really tried to get over myself and get used to the keyboard but the longer I used it the more work it was. It was just a difficult keyboard to use. You know how it is when you use a keyboard without consistent key action? Well, I found out, and it wasn't fun. When your fingers can't rely on every key responding the same way it means that your hands and brain have a difficult time learning how to use the keyboard efficiently. You're constantly hitting a key too hard or not hard enough--or letting your finger rest too long on it so you get repeated characters. And yes it's possible that I might have had a bad keyboard. But the difficult bouncy keyboard on top of the sub-par trackpad experience was just too much for me to take. I guess as I get older I have less patience with a product not being satisfactory right out of the gate. I have less patience with dinking around with support trying a new keyboard, or waiting for new drivers to come out for the trackpad. I just want things to work. So I sent the Yoga back to BestBuy and reverted to using my Lenovo V570 (with it's solid keyboard and good trackpad) while I wait for a new HP dv6t Envy to arrive next week. My hopes for the HP are that the keyboard is solid with consistent response, the trackpad is at least good, and the screen is good (I ordered the 1080p matte screen). I wish everyone else the best with their Yogas. If the keyboard is good on yours, awesome. If not, I feel for you. Like I said before: great screen, awesome form factor (the modes really are very useful), mediocre (at best) keyboard and trackpad. However, as a supplemental device I might consider purchasing one of these as long as I didn't plan on using the keyboard heavily. I.e., I suspect that the Yoga is a better device all-around than the Microsoft Surface (though I haven't used a Surface). It has a real keyboard, the screen is amazing, and the fact that it has a sturdy 360 degree hinge allows you to place it in all kinds of useful positions you'd never be able to put a tablet or laptop.