This is my first real experience with a Mac, and I can say after a day of using it, I love it! I bought a Compaq Presario CQ62 laptop for $600 or so in 2010 that I've used regularly up to now. Not a horrible laptop, but as my budget was limited, I couldn't invest in anti-virus software, which likely led to a slower performance in recent years. The battery barely lasted longer than two hours, and after using it nonstop for one hour, it became VERY slow and near-unresponsive, highly frustrating if I was in the middle of writing a paper.This, on the other hand, is amazing. Long battery life and fast, swift responses to inputs on the keyboard and such are a wonderful plus. Everything works seamlessly, and it's a notch lighter than my previous laptop. I can just about get through a whole day on one charge. The resolution is also amazing, as I'd expect with this being the Retina display. It also fires up really quickly after being put to sleep, and puts you right back in the middle of what you were doing in literally a second. So much faster than what I've become accustomed to.Having grown up on Windows products, I knew OS X would be a new experience and a whole new learning curve, but it wasn't too hard for me to get accustomed to everything. Having used an iOS device since Christmas in 2008, I've been familiar with the interface, so the gestures on the touch pad were, I discovered, virtually the same, save for at least two-finger scrolling amongst maybe a few others. You get the benefit of either pressing the pad to 'click' on something or simply tapping on it to click on something, depending on your preference.I was excited when I bought this to learn that it came with a built-in word processing app, Pages. Having used it, I'm not so sure if it's as beneficial as Word is. Oh sure, it makes your documents look great, no denying that, but for example, the process of figuring out synonyms for a word isn't exactly easily accessible, leaving you to poke around the Internet instead for other word alternatives. Fortunately if you have an available download of Microsoft Office (my MS Office Student package comes with two available installations), it'll work just as fine. It's a slight change abandoning right-click options and instead having to go to the Edit tab at the top of the screen for the Cut/Copy/Paste and other options, but I wouldn't consider it a deal-breaker. Sure, a tad more work, but still manageable. A spell-checking system is built-in as well when you're typing, at least on Safari, which I think is pretty convenient.It's unfortunate that it doesn't come with a CD/DVD drive (unless you want to shell out $80 for the optical drive attachment). Really though, it depends on what you need it for. I still have my old laptop that came with a built-in optical drive, so if something comes up that I need it for, I'll just use that. If it saves me $80, I'm not complaining.What it really boils down to is what you plan on doing with it. If you plan on mainly using it for school or some miscellaneous projects, this model will likely serve your purposes. More ambitious tasks will probably equal out to a need for more memory and flash storage, thus, the more expensive models. If your heart is set on a CD/DVD drive and such, by all means go for the cheaper non-Retina model or pay the $80 for the attachment. Aside from that, and despite very few, very minor hiccups in speed and tasks, this has dealt with everything I've thrown at it. No doubt this will last me a couple years.