If you value a good keyboard and usability, DO NOT BUY THIS LAPTOP!I don't disagree with the specs and performance ratings other reviewers have posted -- the machine is relatively fast and durable.  However, HP really dropped the ball when it comes to usability with this laptop's design.KEYBOARD:HP put so much attention on creating a keyboard that fit a grid, that they totally ignored usability.  One of the key principles of design is to "chunk" things to make them easier to identify/remember/etc.  That's why phone numbers and social security numbers have hyphens in them; it's easier to remember three chunks of small numbers than one large number.  This is also why for as long as keyboards had function keys (F1 - F12), there were groups of four keys with a space between them.  This keyboard, however, has every single key right next to each other, violating the principle of chunking.  There's no space between the [Esc] and [F1], [F4] and [F5], or even between the arrow keys and the [Ctrl] key.  Everything is jammed into a grid, making it VERY difficult to feel for keys.  I've always touch-typed and now find myself having to look at the keyboard to read labels on keys.The arrow keys are laid out across three cells on the "grid", with the Up and Down keys jammed into a single cell -- that's right, the Up and Down are only half-size, jammed together in the space for a single key.  However, the Left and Right arrow keys are full-sized with a space between them and the Up/Down keys.  It's just plain AWKWARD!Typing on this reminds me of typing on an iPad -- it's okay for short messages, but you wouldn't want to write a book on it.CHASSIS:The chassis does seem durable and has a nice metal feel to it.  However, they did away with the rounded-over front edge below the keyboard.  So, type on it for a while and your wrists will have little sore marks from the sharp edge of the chassis.INDICATOR LIGHTS:I think HP swung the pendulum WAY too far to the other side with addressing customer feedback on LED indicator lights.  If you saw the predecessors to this laptop (the HP 8440P, etc.), you'd know that one of the customer complaints was the insanely bright LED indicator lights -- they would blind you while using the laptop.  So, HP took customer feedback and went to the other extreme!  The indicator lights ARE NOT VISIBLE!The indicator lights (power, HDD, WiFi, charge) are TINY little pinholes with tiny LED's behind them.  They are smaller than 0.5 mm!  The only way to see them is to position yourself directly inline with the LED and stare into the pinholes.  ABSOLUTELY USELESS!!!TOUCHPAD: (The only good thing)The touchpad is the only thing that seems to be done well.  It is over-sized (4"x2"), supports gestures (two fingers cause scroll, etc.), and can be easily disabled.  If you double-tap the tiny dot on the top-left corner of the touchpad, it disables the touchpad.  If you double-tap again, it re-enables it.  Also, your thumb won't affect the touchpad -- if you rest your thumb or slide it across the touchpad, the touchpad ignores it.  Nice for people who hate touchpads because of accidental movement with resting thumbs.  VERY NICELY DONE.SCREEN:The screen has a strong blueish-green cast to it without a lot of color fidelity.  I had to go into advanced settings and adjust the gamma settings to .7 and other color settings to get the right color fidelity.