I used Macs all through college, but then I entered the work force and had to learn and use PCs.  In my current job, I was provided with a PC laptop, but I was so frustrated with it that I bought a Mac with my own money in December and haven't looked back since.  I even got an iMac for my office (you know, so that I'm not supplying my workplace with a computer at my expense).  I travel a lot for my job, which makes me love my Mac for several reasons.  First, my Macbook is LIGHT.  I was previously lugging around an IBM/Lenovo Thinkpad, which got extremely heavy when walking around airports for hours on end.  I travel overseas for work, and the Thinkpad was not only cumbersome to carry to a place where I might have internet access, I was lucky if it worked when I needed it to.  Email became a nightmare.  Getting it to hook up to wireless internet, or any internet for that matter, was a crap shoot.  And then the crashing.  And crashing.  And crashing.  Only a few months after I got my IBM, it was crashing so much that I was having to reboot several times a day.  Not fun when you're overseas in the field, with no IT department to help you.And then came my Mac.  It's pretty, it's intuitive, it has features and software that make my husband's PC look like a donkey with pots clanging around on it.  It doesn't crash.  Setting up email was a snap--not a several-day ordeal as with my IBM (that's right--switching email from PC to Mac was easier than PC to PC).  I've traveled with it several times, and haven't had any problems.  It did what I needed it to, when I needed it to.It took some getting used to, but Apple's site has some great tutorials on switching from PC to Mac.I'm still exploring and figuring out some features, but I'm always pleasantly surprised.  My only complaint is with the Finder.  I find it difficult to organize and locate my files, but I figure it will just take some time to get used to the new system.  For example, I want to find a document, say with the word "Costumes" in it.  I type "Costumes" into the finder, and it pulls every email I've ever written that contains that word, which could be hundreds, and I need to find my one costume document out of that mess.  But this is probably user error.  Even with that, I'm still extremely happy with my Mac.My mom and her husband are constantly grumbling about their PC and use me as their personal IT person.  Neither of them are particularly tech savvy, and I think a Mac would be perfect for them.  With a PC, you really need to understand how the machine works in order to troubleshoot.  With a Mac, you don't have a lot to troubleshoot, and everything is so intuitive.  You don't have to "look under the hood" all the time.