I purchased an HP Envy 15 because I was looking for 3 things in a laptop: a touchscreen, a reasonable graphics card for games, and light weight. It was a combination that proved impossible, largely because very few laptops designed with gaming in mind have touch screens right now. My experience with the iPad had convinced me that a touch screen was really valuable in a portable device, since you don't always have a surface for a mouse, and the touch screen worked so much better than trackpad. Eventually I decided to give up on light weight and keep the touch screen and GPU requirements, and the HP Envy 15 is one of very few laptops that has both.It's not normally available with a large SSD. It has a slot for a mSata card, so it's possible to have both a mSata SSD and a normal hard disk, but HP in its benighted unwisdom only sells it with a 20 GB mSata SSD designed to cache the main 1 TB hard disk. You can find some third-party resellers that upgrade the mSata slot to something more reasonable. Personally, I installed a 256 GB Plextor mSata drive to act as the OS and software drive, and kept the 1 TB hard drive for data.That is where my regrets began. On any normal laptop this would be a trivial process, but for some idiotic reason HP has chosen to install a crippled BIOS that cannot specify the boot order of installed drives. You can specify that an external CD boots first, or a USB drive, but you can't say "SATA slot 1 boots before 0." This is common, basic functionality in almost every desktop and laptop made today, and they ripped it out. After much research I learned how to build EFI BootRec files that would boot from the mSata drive instead of the hard disk. It works, and it's not difficult to do, but it's something that should have been available in the BIOS, and the proper procedure is cryptic even if it's easy.Real battery life is about 4, maybe 4.5 hours. I was expecting good battery life from a Haswell laptop as long as I wasn't using the graphics card or anything CPU intensive, but for simple tasks like web browsing or reading a book, 4.5 hours is what I actually get. You can definitely do better in this area.The screen contrast is poor. This is honestly the first time I can recall noticing this in a display. Photos I normally use as wallpaper and which look great on my desktop monitor look horribly washed out. Calibrating the displayed helped some, but this is _not_ a good screen.HP installs some fairly irritating software on the laptop. For example, fairly often if something bumps the AC power connector, I'll get a popup telling me about alternative, more powerful AC adapters I can purchase from HP. I don't ever want my laptop to interrupt what I'm doing in order to display an ad.The final problem, the one that really upset me, isn't a problem with this laptop. It's Windows 8 (now 8.1) and the software available for it. It's just not acceptable with a touch screen. It works fine with a mouse, but after using iOS for years on my iPod and iPad, this is awful. Windows 8.1 has all sorts of poor design decisions, some of which you can address with third party software, but the real issue is that most Windows software behaves very poorly on a touchscreen. Even basic stuff like web browsers doesn't work very well. Stuff that's somewhat painful on an iPad like selecting text is nearly impossible with Windows 8.The upshot is that if you're looking at the HP Envy 15 for the same reasons I was, don't. The touch screen isn't worth it. Go get a regular gaming laptop, preferably one that's lighter weight and can handle a SSD gracefully. As long as you're willing to forgo the touchscreen, there are lots of better, usually cheaper alternatives out there.