I love this machine! I really don't have much else to add to the other reviews, but I did want to share what I found with regard to RAM, HDD/SSD installation/upgrades, and the wireless network adapter connectivity issue.If you're looking to purchase the 1TB 5400rpm HDD + 8GB SSD configuration of this machine (Part No. 59390909) for later upgrade, this review is for you. This configuration of the machine comes with a 1TB 5400rpm HDD with 8GB SSD cache HYBRID drive. It is not, in fact, two separate drives, but one hybrid drive, and it uses the solitary SATA interface on the motherboard. The user upgradeable components are fairly easy to access with removal of the battery, SLI/Ultrabay graphics module, and 9 phillips head screws (of all the same size) from the bottom of the machine. Removing the bottom housing reveals all of the user upgradeable components. There is a 'spot' on the motherboard for a mSATA connector (actually labeled), but the connector itself has not been soldered on. If you want to take advantage of the many benefits of an SSD, you will need to replace the factory 1TB HDD + 8GB SSD cache HYBRID drive with a suitable SSD in the 2.5" SATA port. You unfortunately can't keep the 1TB drive and add a SSD to this particular machine. Bummer. I have heard that the configuration with the 24GB SSD comes with that drive installed in the mSATA port. You would be able to have both drives in that machine, but it is also considerably more expensive.I upgraded the RAM without incident (I used 204-Pin DDR3 1600 SO-DIMM [PC3 12800] Laptop Memory) and it is expandable to 16GB. The default RAM configuration is 1 x 4GB RAM module in slot 0 and 1 x 2GB RAM module in slot 1 (a complex way of saying a 4GB chip in one slot and a 2GB chip in the other). I added an 8GB RAM module by removing the 2GB module and keeping the 4GB module.On another note, I've read about a lot of users' frustration with the wireless network adapter. As I discovered, it is also another component that is user accessible AND replaceable (it isn't soldered on-board). I was fortunate enough to find a super simple solution, however. When I first fired up the machine and started the Windows 8 setup, it asked for me to select a wireless network, etc. The machine found several wireless networks in my vicinity (I'm in a house), including mine, I inputted the requisite information, and connected to the network. The next step in the setup process was to sign-in with my Windows Live account. Again, I inputted the requisite information, but the machine couldn't connect to the internet. It asked me to sign-in with a temporary username, and would allow me to create or sign-in with a Windows Live account later. Upon getting signed in, the machine had a horrible wireless connectivity issue. As others have reported, it would drop my connection with every other webpage, forcing me to reload. The solution I found online (using my phone) was to navigate to the network adapter (This PC > Properties > Device Manager > Network adapters > Intel(R) Centrino(R) Wireless-N 2230) right click on it, go to Properties, then to the Driver tab, and Uninstall the driver. Upon restarting the machine, the driver would be automatically reinstalled. I did this, and I haven't had a single problem since. That's a lot of hoops to jump through for a machine right out of the box.Why did I give this machine 4 stars?First of all, I'm very pleased with this machine. However, the last star goes to Lenovo's advertisement of '1TB 5400rpm HDD, 8GB SSD' which makes it sound like two separate drives when it's one hybrid SATA drive with an 8GB cache, being unable to install a mSATA SSD in the future despite there being a spot on the motherboard for one but no connector soldered on-board (salt in a wound), and the absurd wireless connectivity problems and subsequent network adapter driver uninstallation/reinstallation fix right out of the box. I love everything else about this machine and would highly recommend it to folks--so long as they knew what they were getting themselves into with regard to the aforementioned issues. Hopefully, this review has helped clear some of that up. Good luck!