The stunning retina screen, perfect touchpad, and sturdy design were enough to drag me to Mac after only using Windows machines for the last 21 years. First, a little about myself and my use. I am an ex-teacher turned law student family man. My Win 7 Asus laptop has treated me well for the first two and a half years of law school, and it is still going strong for the most part. About two months ago, I decided to upgrade my laptop, and I did tons of research on new Windows 8 machines. I was about to pull the trigger on the Acer S7, but an amazing deal for this Macbook fell into my hands. I was able to pick this up brand new, sealed, for $1500 cash (no tax).THE SWITCHIt took me a few minutes to figure out how to install programs, but after that I was able to get most of the programs I use installed easily. I like how OS X 10.8 makes it really easy to start the computer for the first time and install programs. Safari is a terrible browser, and I can't figure out how to do some of the more complicated stuff I do with it. Lastpass does not integrate well with Safari at all. I installed Firefox 18 beta, because it supports Retina graphics, and it works wonderfully.BUILDHonestly, my primary reason for buying the Macbook is its appearance and sturdiness. PC guys have always been jealous that they couldn't have a great looking machine (until the recent Asus zenbooks and the Acer S7). I bought my wife a Macbook Air in July, and I loved how it felt like it wasn't going to break in my hands. This Pro feels even better. It feels heavier than it looks. From above it looks just like the Air. There is no flex to the chassis, and the milling of the unibody is excellent. The Pro is thin, and fits in a manilla envelope.I like all of the ports. HDMI, not just mini-HDMI makes it so I don't need any adapters to connect to my TV's. However, there is no VGA output, so I have to buy an adapter to connect to projectors.The 256 GB SSD is fast and pretty big. OSX only took up 5 GB of space, leaving 250 GB of free space for all my apps and content. Compare that to Windows 8 installs which might take up to 60 GB.The screen is amazing. It is all everyone has cracked it up to be. Is it worth the extra money alone (not considering SSD and lighter, thinner build)? Yes.The power brick and magnet connector work great. The brick is small and takes up about half of the space as my Asus brick. It's also much lighter.GAMINGI play a few games, mostly using Steam. I was happy to find out that some of my favorite PC games also work on Mac, and I don't have to repurchase a new license. I played Civ 5 so far, but the performance is mediocre. Default settings of 1280x720 and low graphics (fog, terrain, etc) make the game play without any hitch, but nothing looks very good. At 2850x1650 and medium setting, the screen looks pretty nice, but the frame rate is very low. Games load fast, and the processor calculates the bot civs moves faster than my UL30.NEGATIVESI am lost without OneNote. Right now, I am typing on my PC because I am forced to use it because finals are this weekend. I tried the OneNote Web App, but it does not work right in a Mac. The keyboard shortcuts are lame on a Mac, and do not work in the Web App. I tried Evernote, but that program is a joke in comparison. I hate to waste money and hard drive space to run Windows on this Mac just so I can use OneNote. This one problem might be enough to make me sell this computer in the next week or two.Programs without retina support look terrible. Even mainstream programs such as Firefox are just now able to support the Retina display. Steam, Filezilla, and many others do not, and they look like they are being displayed on a 1994 monitor.CONCLUSIONThis is the best built 13 inch laptop on the market. But, the OS and its limitations might make a power PC user go crazy. I don't think the laptop is worth $1999 + tax. I paid almost $700 less than what others are paying, and I think I still paid more than its worth. Apple really needs to make their own notetaking software to compete with OneNote. For people who like to live unorganized lives with apps spread all over the place and lacking good organization software, this might be the way to go.If you already have your life confined within OS X, then upgrading to the Retina Pro will not hurt you at all, and you will have the best laptop on the market.