Upon writing this review I have had an Asus Taichi in my posession for around 3 months give or take a week or two. Now I purchased and received the laptop in AUGUST of last year, but this 2 pound $950 chunk of crap has been at the ASUS RMA center far longer than it has been with me.First and foremost the laptop on paper is a great machine, a reasonably powerful processor, enough ram for windows 8 to run, a 256 SSD, and the ability to be used as a tablet or a laptop at a whim.Too bad this was nothing more than a proof of concept model that should have NEVER been released to the public. Updated drivers break the device and seem to conflict with the laptops auto update program in a never ending struggle to have the worst possible driver for any given component. They advise you to upgrade to windows 8.1... too bad they forgot to update the drivers to work correctly with it and an upgrade results in nothing but your touch screen being disabled and your touchpad breaking as well(google taichi windows 8.1 black screen). Asus has done nothing but laugh at those unfortunate enough to purchase this device.As for the company selling the laptop (ASUS incase you forgot) I have never in my life dealt with a more shady, underhanded, deceitful company. I have been forced to interact with their so called "taichi VIP support"  around 30 times trying to get my issues resolved, and Ive been hung up on around 10 times. I am very patient on the phone too, so dont assume im being nasty. It really does seem like they are trained to just put you on hold for 30 min in hopes you'll get frustrated and hang up, and if you dont then they just hang up on you anyway. Somehow the first person you are connected to is always "highest ranking manager on call" which anyone with half a brain can tell is a flat out lie and a refusal to escalate your case.Across these 30 some odd calls my laptop was RMAed 4 times. Out of the box the laptop had crashing and overheating issues so I sent it for repair, it came back with a broken screen, so once again I RMAed it, now the screen worked but they somehow broke the SSD and windows could not even load (HOW they managed to send a dead laptop back from a repair center is a testament to the quality of ASUS), then finally on the fourth RMA they replaced my brand new $1.6k (at the time)ultrabook with a refurbished model with a 90 day warranty. They actually took away my purchase warranty and gave me a 90 day one... Not only that buy most of the people I spoke with would literally tell me anything I wanted to hear to get me to hang up the phone, around 7 different technicians told me I qualified for a replacement laptop of equal value made by ASUS, this turned out be a lie and they conveniently forgot to put in the notes they promised me a new computer. Their repair technicians are no better, during my last RMA I was directed to provide video and image proof of my issues to the repair tech working on my laptop before they would work on it (because clearly im a criminal who needs to prove these kinds of things). These technicians was just as deceitful as the rest of the support team as he tried to email me (from the same address we had spoke on) posing as someone else telling me he was the VP of repairs or something, when he deemed a new model replacement (I asked for a new taichi to make up for all the time lost and damage done to it from the repair center) not doable. Thus I end up with a beat Frankenstein laptop with no warranty.Now the referb has been working semi well for around a month (even though this one also has overheating issues [no laptop CPU should idle at 76 C, though asus assures me this is normal...]) and recently it started to bug out (same problems EVERYONE with this laptop comes across screen rotation, overheating...etc). So once again I picked up the phone and was connected with someone at the asus repair center, they took down my info put me on hold, then 25 minutes later hung up on me. I guess they win and I lose, they got my money and I have still not received a working laptop.Learn from my mistake. This is a terrible device that is absolutely riddled with flaws and broken features(for christ sake the updater program by default causes an infinite restarting loop and has since its release), and if you do make the mistake of buying an ASUS product you better be damn sure NOTHING goes wrong with it or you will find yourself dealing with people who will do nothing but lie to you to get you to hang up that phone.DO NOT buy this laptop, it was by far the most expensive mistake I have ever made and Ive found its impossible to sell, so you will be stuck with it till the power plug breaks (common issue) and bricks the device.