A great value.  I have been waiting for a Windows tablet that isn't huge in foot print (think 13 inches, no one wants to carry that) but still gives a full experience and it has been delivered.  It is important to remember what this will provide.  If you are expecting a $1500 windows computer experience you will be disappointed.The good:this is solidly built, the dock and hinge feel sturdy to my hands.  The keys have a nice report and feel nice under finger. The screen is good not the best, but for 350 what did you expect?  The touch screen is very responsive and works great for up to 5 points of contact as advertised.  The machine has a good amount of pep.  These Atom processors are getting pretty serviceable, heck I can play Left for dead 2 on it without any issue at all. The Intel video graphics have come a long way since I last bought a PC with Intel graphics inside. Battery life really is 11 hours or more.The Bad:My first unit got swapped by my local retailer because of a defect (it stopped booting to windows 2 days after purchase and the bios stopped seeing the hard drive as a viable boot option), but the second has been running strong for a few days now.  The second unit had some performance issues and an inspection to the throttling of the CPU for power management reveled it simply wouldn't go faster than .750 GHZ.  Having had a unit that performed much better, I elected to factory restore like another reviewer suggested.  This has worked and the CPU will now hit 1.88 ghz (depending on usage) as it should.  My suggestion give it test drive for a few hours before you fully configure it to your liking, if it isn't surprisingly snappy for an Atom then you should format it. (For the techno phobes its not too hard to do. Swipe from the right, hit the search icon (magnifying glass), type remove, and 3 or 4 down you should see "remove everything and re-install windows". From there follow the prompts.)Dislike:The touch pad.  Asus really could have done a lot better here.  It's functional sure, but its mushy feel and lack of distinct left right buttons leave me with a bad taste in my mouth.  Sensitivity there is fine, but I prefer my Logitech travel mouse by a long shot. unlike on my Lenovo work laptop where the travel mouses propensity for hand cramps has me preferring Lenovo's touch pad. With its 11 hour battery life I didn't expect to use it plugged in so much, but I find I'm always looking for power plugs because it takes 6-8 hours to charge it to full.  Maybe I'll break this habit and get over the mental block that 30% power still means I have hours to go, but given the short life of all my other electronics at 30% this will be hard to do.Would I buy it again? Absolutely!I even recommend you do too, just accept that you will want a cheap travel mouse for when you are creating content and that you will use the touchscreen for everything else.