I bought my CQ62 in spite of the warnings because I found a "great deal". It worked exactly as expected out of the box, but I was immediately disappointed by a slight curve in the key board. The keys in the center of the top half of the keyboard were all slightly lower than the others. It was odd, but in all the time it functioned I never had a problem typing, so I got over it.The second thing I noticed was that it was difficult to use the static mouse. It worked fine, but it was seamlessly integrated into the texture of the case. It looked neat, but it's easy to run your finger off the edge without realizing it, then you have to look down to reorient your hand. Again, it was minor and I got over it.Then, about a week later, I noticed the wear on the keys. The texture rubbed off amazingly fast. Again, minor, but looked grungy and the problems were starting to add up. I've typed daily on my 2003 dell for nearly a decade, and the keys still look better.Next came the heat. That computer got very hot, and the fan ran often and noisily. I already had a cooling pad for my old dell, so I started using that and enjoyed the nearly constant gush of warm air from the fan all winter long. My fingers get cold when I type. Over all, I'd say this problem was a wash......Except that all that heat was slowly destroying the video processor (which, after hours of research into the problem, I now know is fairly common). About three months in I first saw what I thought was an eye lash on my screen. It didn't brush off, and it didn't wipe away. "Oh well," I thought, some reviewers said they got dead pixels. I knew that coming in. A week later I got another, then another a few weeks after that. Then things seemed to settle, though every now and then a few more pixels would wink out. I've since been told that the little strings of black pixels were probably not dead. I was told that if they'd been bad pixels they would have been bright, not black, so they were most likely advanced signs of a dying video processor.About a year and a month after my ill fated purchase the screen failed to come on when I opened the computer. I could hear the start up sounds and the welcome to windows fanfare blared from the speakers, but no video. I closed the lid and reopened, then I restarted, then I restrained myself from banging it against my head. It worked fine the next day, and for a few weeks after. I scanned with Windows Security Essentials and Malware bytes and called it a fluke. Then it happened again, and again, and so on for several months before the screen went dark for good. I scoured the internet (with my wife's Mac) for a cause and solution. I discovered that external monitors still worked so I hooked it up to my TV. I rolled back the system, reloaded drivers, and a dozen other useless fixes. I was about to format the hard drive when the external monitor became garbled and went black.The computer lasted for a year and a half. I have since come to learn the the problem is most likely a bad solder connection in the video processor. I can either buy a new mother board, or try to heat and reconnect the one I've got (apparently people have had some success heating the board with a heat gun or in the oven). For now it's just sitting on a shelf. I bought a nearly identical Toshiba Satellite C655D for fifty bucks less. I've had it for a month and I am very happy with the build quality (Somehow it's lighter AND sturdier!) It has a little less processing power, a little more ram, bigger hard drive, a full size keyboard, multi-touch function for the mouse, a web cam, a media card reader, and a super bright display (this is the first computer I've ever been able to use outside on a sunny day). It also runs cooler, quieter (I have yet to hear the fan), and more consistently. My only complaints so far are the too-quiet speakers (I sometimes have trouble hearing quiet youtube videos even in a silent room), and the very faint *dub* noise my battery makes every time I pick up the computer. It is more than a fair trade. Just keep an eye on Toshiba.com and Best Buy for a decent sale and steer clear of the CQ62.