INTRODUCTIONDeciding on which size MacBook Pro one "needs" can be a fun and bewildering process.  When I went into an Apple Store, I quite literally found myself envisioning a particular niche need for each of their MacBook Air 11", 13", MacBook Pro 13", 15", and 17" models!In the end, I decided that the MBP 13" screen was too small for my needs and although the i5 and i7 CPUs in the MBP 13" were significantly faster than the previous generation CPUs, they actually underperformed the previous generation in their graphics intensive applications as the integrated Intel GPU was not as robust as the older generation MBP 13" models.That left the MBP 15" and 17" models with screen sizes suitable for my needs.  The MBP 15" is offered in either the 2.0 vs 2.2 gHz i7 speeds and only the 2.2 gHz model comes with the discrete graphics (i.e. AMD Radeon HD 6750M graphics processor with 1GB of GDDR5 memory).Considering that the price difference between the MBP 15" with the 2.2 gHz i7 (with AMD 6750M GPU) and the MBP 17" was not as great as I expected, I went with the MBP 17".PROS1. Amazingly light for a laptop of its size (i.e. 6.6 lbs).  In many ways, it is the perception of weight and size that matters more than the actual measurements.  I own a 2008 MBP 15" which is 1.1 lbs lighter, and yet this MBP 17" actually seemed lighter, because of its larger dimensions confined within a thickness of less than 1".2. Fantastically bright, beautiful LCD.  The viewing angles vertically and horizontally are fantastic (and something Apple owners take for granted anyways).3. Although the sizes of the individual pixels at full resolution (1920 x 1200) do seem smaller than my 2008 MBP 15", they are not too small for me.  The text and graphics are sharp and clear.4. Pure CPU speed with the i7 quad-core Sandy Bridge 2.2 gHz.  I haven't benchmarked this personally, but search online and you will find that this generation MBP is significantly faster than the previous generation models.5. Separate discrete graphics (i.e. AMD Radeon HD 6750M graphics processor with 1GB of GDDR5 memory).6. Phenomenal battery life of 7 hours (using more real-world testing specifications to which Apple has recently changed)7. Quiet (so far) but I anticipate the fans will turn on with heavy GPU intensive use8. Great chiclet (i.e. island-style) keys that allow for great tactile feedback to touch typers with lit keys9. Phenomenal glass track pad that Mac users have come to expect.  The OS allows for different finger gestures like pinch and zooming (just like on the iPhone)10. Amazingly simple and fast setup using Apple's built in migration tools.  When I first started the MBP, it allowed me to hook up a FireWire cable to the other MBP and it transferred all my applications, documents, and settings automatically.  The transfer of data was amazingly fast, > 300 GB of total data over 2-3 hours!11. Same great Apple cable management system with the small AC adapter with the interchangeable power cord and MagSafe magnetic connector12. Same great touches that existed on much older MacBook Pros that you expect, photolight sensor, easy ability and detection of external monitors while remembering the individual relative screen positions so swapping multiple monitors is easier, amazing 1 hour backup intervals using Time Machine, incredibly fast startup and sleep/awake even without a solid state drive, FaceTime camera13. Mac OS X Snow Leopard with its rock stable UNIX heritage14. No need for virus check software (so far)15. New Thunderbolt (i.e. Light Peak) interface via mini-DisplayPort which allows bidirectional 10 Gb/s bandwidth16. Phenomenal resale value of Apple MBPs when you do need to sell to upgrade laterCONS1. Before update 10.6.7, there have been reports that when all 4 cores with 8 threads are running, the MBP i7's have been freezing for some users.  Supposedly after 10.6.7, most of these issues were solved.  I have not yet tested this but there hasn't been any freezing in the short time that I've been using this MBP 17".  (Those who have experienced this have reported using a 3rd party utility to select either the discrete or integrated GPU seems to solve the problem.)2. There have been reports that some models of external LCD displays have had problems as being recognized as TV's rather than computer monitors when attached to the mini-display Thunderbolt connector.  It may be more pronounced when using a mini-DisplayPort to DisplayPort cable (than when using a mini-DP to DVI or mini-DP to HDMI cable).3. Although Thunderbolt (i.e. Light Peak) seems amazing and is far more revolutionary than USB3 or eSATA, there are no devices that take advantage of this yet.  I expect that these devices will also cost a premium for all of us early adopters.  Thankfully, there is still a dedicated FireWire 800 port.4. The MBP in the 17" model does not come with a SecureDigital memory card slot.  While the 17" MBP lacks this feature found in the other MBPs, there is an ExpressCard/34 slot as well as a third USB 2.0 port.CONCLUSIONThe MBP 17" has exceeded my expectations and is indeed, like most Apple products, far greater than the sum of its amazing parts.