Having a laptop while in college is essential to success and may contribute to overall achievement. A laptop provides easy access to Internet resources and keeping track of assignments that need to be due. Many modern homework assignments require using Internet or having to do research for classes. The Apple 13-inch MacBook Pro laptop is very practical for college students because of its easy to use features, fast performance, and new modern design. Often homework assignments require using a computer, which the MacBook Pro assists with because it provides Internet that can give information for research. In my opinion, Safari, the Internet browser that comes with the MacBook Pro is very fast and is extremely easy to use. As a result of having user-friendly features, Safari has a top sites page that contains frequently used websites. Also, in addition to top sites, there is unified smart search field that takes you right to the web page and fills in the entire URL when you enter a web address. MacBook's built-in sharing feature provides access to various web pages without having to leave Safari. By just clicking the Share button, you can choose how to send a web page by using Mail, which then gives you four options. Also the MacBook Pro has a fast performance that helps college students complete their work. The MacBook Pro provides many features, such as a dual-core Intel Core i5 that allows users to be able to take their laptops on the go. Also it has a 22-nanometer processor, cache, and graphics processor, and a fast 1600MHz memory controller on a single chip. Also applications like Aperture and Final Cut Pro help make work go smoother and faster because they automatically increase the speed of the active cores up to 3.7GHz. Hyper-threading technology allows two threads to run at the same time on each core and can get more jobs done. In addition to its high-quality features, it has an amazing new modern design that adds to the MacBook's overall easy usage. The new design contributes to assisting college students in need of getting work done because of its LED backlight technology that makes the display continuously bright. Also, on top of the screen is the built-in FaceTime HD camera that can be used to talk face to face through the laptop to loved ones or friends. The multi-touch trackpad is the button itself, which results in more room to click everywhere, which personally is nice because it is easier to double click when needed. Another valuable feature of design is the MagSafe Power Adapter's magnetic design, which is made to disconnect harmlessly from the port in case someone trips over the wire so it does not cause the laptop to fall. In conclusion, the 13-inch MacBook Pro is a wise investment for college students and any users interested in an easy-to-use productive laptop to help get work done. Having a portable computer is beneficial because it provides a place to store various information. Students looking for an all-in-one tool that can assist them in numerous aspects should definitely look into the Apple MacBook Pro laptop line. Its easy to use features, quick performance, and sleek design all contribute to the MacBook's overall productivity.