I bought this for my son who was in need of a new laptop for college.  I have owned Dells since just about the time I knew what a computer was and have always had great success with them.  Far from money being no object, I chose this one for the there really weren't all that many available here on Amazon for the price I wanted to keep it at that weren't refurbished, or had a fair amount of good reviews.  This Inspiron 15 fit the bill nicely all around...I gave this to my son here at my place and he had it set up, customized, connected to the internet and enjoying it well within an hour.  It is very fast, has a most generous amount of memory, and a large enough hard drive to handle years of games and movie downloads.  The set up really was a breeze, even for someone that still uses an old 'puter myself, and have not kept up with the new technology much.  There was nothing that my son was doing during the setup that I did not understand at all.  He truly loves it and is most grateful.  As far as minor annoyances he mentioned that there are no number key. (Not keys with a number on them, it has that, just no "number" key on the bottom.  Most laptops don't for some reason).  Also, there appears to be no sound icon in the task bar for turning up and down the volume.  He also has to use the keyboard for that as well. Neither being any big deal that he finds true liabilities.One last thing of importance that I would like to mention. This computer is new, not used or refurbished, and still comes with Windows 7.  Even I, that as already mentioned am way behind in the tech savvy department have heard the horror stories and dissatisfaction with Windows 8.  I strongly suggest that before you buy any computer here on Amazon or any other place with Windows 8 installed, do yourself a big favor and look it up on here and take the time to read some of the overwhelmingly horrible reviews of it.  It's by far the worst system I have seen or heard of as far as customer reviews and satisfaction.  I even know people that have bought new 'puters with it and have gotten fed up and loaded Windows 7 after having enough of the so called latest new and "improved" windows. (Or, have taken to installing Windows Shell, a free add on easily available that re-installs some of the classic windows features and look that Windows 8 has done away with). This computer already comes with Windows 7 that works very much like the classic windows that most of us are so familiar with, without all the aggravating crap that Windows 8 is handing you. A big plus in my opinion that my son also very much appreciated.All around this is a fine deal on a great Dell laptop that I highly recommend... : )