This is amazing little laptop.You want something portable and light and thin, this is it. Don't look anything else.The color is also nice black. The laptop is everthing that they said to be(except one little fact, I will discuss below)I ordered the laptop for my school use(I am in health professional school), and program didn't run on my previous netbook(LG X130, they are super fast and reliable netbook by the way). UPS, lost my shipment and thankfully Amazon.com acted fast and got my laptop pretty fast(I am always amazed with Amazon's service).First time I unwrapped it, it was beauty. So light without battery, I thought i was just picking up 1-subject notebook. Even with battery it is way much lighter than my 1-subject binder(some papers inside). The screen size is great, sound great, the touch pad works great. Here is some pros and cons.Pros:1. Nice looking laptop2. Very portable(light and thin, weight just about same or less than my 10inch netbook)3. window 7 works fast after some tweak and after remove bloatwares.4. Touch pad works great.5. Mac-like keyboard with great feedback and comportable size.6. Very cool(temperature wise) laptop. put on your belly and never felt heat.7. Very well-built(it's solid feeling. My unit's battery fits perfectly without any empty space(battery doesn't feel lose it all, once you lock it)8. FAST. I don't know about quad core, but for dual core and portable laptop it's faster than you ever needs.(I can't say anything about hard-core game play because I don't play games on my laptop. I play on my Xbox360 or PS3)9. Good HDMI connect with plenty USB plugs.10. Sound is above average laptop speaker.11. Screen is nice except the glossy-feel.(it doesn't really bother me)Cons:1. In US model, the right Shift is smaller than I would like to be (first few times I pressed 'up' button instead of right SHIFT key).- this is biggest cons to me.2. battery does not last as advertised. But they to last pretty long(~8 to 9 hours with lower brightness. Brightness controls most of battery drain in my opinion)3. Angle of view(this is complain from my friend. I personally use this is personal laptop and doesn't want too many people to see what I do on laptop in class or in public. so I like this feature but everyone have different preference)I am somewhat laptop lover and collector(I usually buy laptops every 6month and not really into desktop, that's my dad's specialty), I own about 5 laptops(including 17inch samsung laptop and ACER TIMELINE, Dell xps laptop, etc)and couple of Netbooks(eeepc 901, LG Xnote X130) at this moment(countless previous laptops since the 8-bit and 16-bit computer). I would rather carry around UL30a-x5 than netbook. Netbooks are great but too small and performance is nowhere close to regular laptop. I would probably compare this to ACER timeline, but in most all of spec-wise, ASUS beats ACER(Acer's timeline is great thin laptop but built quality is no where near my standard)ASUS is pretty well-established company, and they know what consumer wants. They have evolved alot since eeepc. I recommended Asus to my friends and they love it. You can't ignore the 'free 1-time replacement' deal.(I have never used it but feels like good insurance).So, if you are looking to by thin stylish laptop, that is for school or personal use, not hard-core game, then don't hasitate to buy this one. You will not regret it.P.S: with Wi-fi issue, I never had any problems(I have to admit, I was worried about this issue before I purchased UL30A-x5, but didn't happen to me). My friends do not have this problem on their unit, also. (i guess they have fixed it somehow or that is issue for UL30A-A2. Even if you get this issue, you can rely on amazon.com service and get another unit.