To be honest, I am very new to the chromebook world however after only a few hours of using this machine I am instantly hooked!!  I currently have an old dell inspiron and MacBook (2008) so this was a big leap for me. My primary goal with this unit is to work online when needed and occasionally write documents and basic projects for my young kids (3 & 6).Shipping: Took a few days longer than expected but despite the cold temperatures, the unit came undamaged and was sealed properly as I would expect it to be.Unboxing: Chromebook was operational within 3-4 seconds of pressing the power button and battery life showed almost 80% right from the start. Everything was included as it should be and all items worked when plugged in.Screen: I have seen some reviewers complain about a blue tint on the screen however I did not notice that. I realize this is not a pixel or MacBook etc but for the cost I am extremely pleased with the screen thus far. I used the laptop in low light and with full overhead lights yet no issues for me on this front.Sound: I wasn't blown away by the sound when I was on ESPN however I have external speakers so I am not overly concerned with that. If I need to use the sound for an educational game or youtube then the internal speakers should suffice but I think you could do yourself a favor and purchase a Bluetooth speaker ( I have bose sound link mini and it is amazing).Keyboard / Track pad: This was a major point of contention for me before the unboxing because of my experience with my brother's Samsung chromebook. I hated that track pad and was concerned this would come off as flimsy and cheap. I am glad to report that my fear was unjustified and I was actually pleasantly surprised with how natural and easy it felt to use this. I didn't get the feeling of a "lesser unit" while typing and clicking the pad. So far so good!Touchscreen: I had to keep telling myself "this isn't a tablet" and be careful when pressing the screen. I guess for me this takes some time getting used to however the screen was very responsive when I clicked on the toolbar or highlighted certain things and clicked on a link etc. For $299 to have a touchscreen that works I am extremely happy!!I was able to put my usb drive in easily and my word documents opened up EXACTLY as they had with my Dell. So all of my saved files that I intend to transfer to the C720p look like they will be intact and that is an added bonus. Again, I am new to the  google side of things but overall I am happy with my experience and going forward I anticipate the chromebook will continue to make major headway over Microsoft and possibly certain apple laptops (which are nice but way overpriced IMO).Cons: My only real issue so far is that I wish this came with 4gb of memory as opposed to 2gb. It certainly isn't a deal breaker for me but it is nice to have that option. I was able to open 5 tabs and didn't feel the performance lagged for me. I have not tried using chromecast yet and hope that this model will suffice when using the cast. I will update once I have had a chance to merge the 2 together  I am sure an update with this model will come in the next 4-6 months but for now this laptop does what I need it to and I love this purchase.