I hesitated a lot to buy this thing, costing as much as it does.I finally did, and LOVE it.I have been using PCs for years.  Have a PC at work, figured I'd just do the same at home.Bought a netbook - price was great - but the screen was small and it just never was easy to use.  Gave it to my neice.Bought a 17" laptop with Vista - I actually thought Vista was OK, and I loved being able to make the screen resolution larger - so it was very easy on my 52 year old eyes.  But the thing was HEAVY.  So big and bulky I would often leave it home when going on a trip.  Also got real tired of having to run anti-virus software (and pay for it), and having glitches regularly with various types of software - adobe, the sync programs, etc.  In addition, if I was in bed and wanted to check something real quick, it took 30 seconds or so to boot up, and then had a glitch where the screen wouldn't turn on, so I'd have to put it to sleep and wake it up again.I bought an iPad, and the instant on was great, but after using the iPhone4 I didn't like the screen resolution.  In addition, it was quite heavy for holding up to read, did not have a keyboard, and couldn't play Flash videos.  Sold it.So finally bought this little guy, and it really fits the bill.  I thought the 11" screen would be too small, but for some reason it seems much bigger.  I think it's because it is so easy to scroll up and down, back and forth using the touch pad.  (On the PC, the scroll never became "unconscious" - it often seemed to distract me just enough to find the proper place to push on the touchpad).  Maybe it's the resolution of the Air, maybe it's the fact that it is so small I can position it right where I want it to be.It jumps to life right away, I love that.  Easy to look stuff up, or send that one email, or whatever I want to do.  (I think I have a little ADHD, so when I turn on my computer and it takes 60 seconds to get ready, I often forget why I turned it on!).It downloads web pages much faster than my PC laptop or my PC desktop, and handles pictures much faster too.And the size makes it so I can just grab it and go, rather than having to make a conscious decision about "should I bring the laptop?"  It easy fits in my hand next to my notepad/binder and I hardly notice carrying it.IMHO, this is what a laptop was always supposed to be.  I LOVE it, LOVE it, LOVE it.  Thanks, Apple!!  Now I have to decide if I'm going to move everything from my home PC to Mac platform - and if so, should I use only this little guy?  (i.e. TurboTax, all those accumulated Word documents, etc)Oh, BTW, I did hook it up to my 24" HP monitor, and it works great.  You can use two screens if you want (i.e. have the AIr open and the desktop monitor is an "additional" screen - or having them duplicates of each other, but the resolution is less than the desktop can handle.  It doesn't look quite as stunning as those iMac screens, but very close.And the final thing - the "chicklet" keys - very worried about getting used to them, the spacing seems a bit different than my other computer keyboards.  It did take a day or two, and I still make the occasional mistake, but overall I like them BETTER.  I can type faster on them for some reason -- ?less key travel?  Anyways, that turned out not to be an issue for me at all.I just think it's amazing to have this little slab of metal that I can pick up and take anywhere in my house, or anywhere in town, and have full computer access and use within seconds.  Right now I'm standing in the kitchen (it's sunny in here but not in the office) typing away.  I'm a happy camper!  (And now I have to make my lunch - can't afford to eat lunch out for a few months to pay for it, but it's worth it!)