I have a number of laptops (3 incl a tablet) and a desktop.  I bought this because work I am doing requires me to use some Mac programs.This little machine is better designed re engineering than most give it credit for.  Despite the weak processor (it actually is not that bad if you consider the Passmark values), it has handled some sophisticated software reasonably well.  I have this bootcamped with Windows 7.  If anything, Windows runs as well or better than OSX on this machine (verified by monitoring CPU and Graphics performance loads)...the SSD and the 320M graphics rescue this machine from mediocrity.The installation of Win7 is brilliantly aided by the bootcamp installer, a script program that finds all the drivers and creates the environment.I have been running VideoStudio X2, Engineering level statistics programs, signal analysis programs, Office, etc and it runs like a champ.  It is fully possible to edit SD video on this machine.  Don't get me wrong, you will not realize i5 or i7 performance, but it is doable.I found that the VGA adapter  produces some artifacts with the resolution set at max...it goes away if you reduce it to 1360 x 768 (it is an overscan issue corrected by this minor change).  I have run (from SDD) high definition video with different scalings on the laptop screen and the output HD display without a single frame dropped.I have run all kinds of external devices, scanners, language OCR, disks, etc with no issues.  With a couple of free programs to establish NTFS capability, you can read and write between both Mac and Win 7 partitions.This is an expensive machine.  If you need portability and to dual boot, it can be a worthwhile investment.  The keyboard is excellent.  This is the only trackpad I have been able to stand on a machine.  Under OSX the multitouch, surface clickable trackpad is terrific (I hope full multitouch is incorporated into bootcamp...currently only tap and two finger scroll and secondary tap are available in Win7).This is not my main computer, and I certainly could not use it as the only machine that I have (my desktop is a powerhouse).  However for mobility and flexibility as a dual-boot away-from-monster desktop-device, I am happy with it.  I had return privileges without restocking, but I have decided to keep it.Final note:  If the trackpad  under Win 7 bootcamp is too sensitive, install the following:  Trackpad Plus Plus (++) a free program.Update:You can get 5 hours in light web surfing etc. Invoke the GPU (320M) for video and battery goes downhill rapidly. At fullscreen stretched video, you will get 2:30 minutes. That is all. If you run it in a window, you can extend this to something overthree hours with the display at less than half brightness. Running Slingbox produces the same medicore battery life, even witha small viewing area.This is very poor, IMO .. I was expecting 3 hours playing SD video at full screen with medium brightness.Anything, including flash, that uses the CPU and GPU intensively will eat battery .. you will be shaken seeing the batterymeter begin a rapid decline.  There is an article review on AandTech that explains this...and finds it is true for both of the MacBook 2010 Air models.  As long as non-flash web surfing is all that is being done, this can even get 6 hours of battery...as soon as multi-tasking or high CPU GPU tasks are done, this life is cut by more than half.At this point, because video is important to me, I am probably forced to return this wonderful computer.