I've had my UX31 for about a week, and I'm so far having a very positive experience.  I'm surprised about the trackpad complaints.  Mine works very well.  It's big, precise, and has a nice click surface.  As I learn the extended gestures, they turn out to very useful (not just fancy gestures for their own sake).I understand the complaints about the keyboard which has a light touch and takes a bit of getting used to.  However, after some use, I think more keyboards should be like this.  Just type a little softer.  Remember how hard you had to press the keys on the old manual typewriters?  Maybe this is the keyboard of the future.  (I think ASUS has made improvements to the trackpad and keyboard, and if it was Apple people would think these were brilliant innovations.)This computer has a fantastic screen.  It's not just the specs (1600 X 900 resolution, 450 nits), but it is just plain pleasant on the eyes.  There are a number of ways to modify screen settings.  Besides the Control Panel, there is an Intel Graphics application and an ASUS application named Splendid.  For simplicity and convenience, you can just press fn + C and it will scroll through various color presets--very similar to preset colors on an HDTV. These include Normal, Gamma Correction, Vivid, Theater, and Soft.  Pretty cool!And like the screen presets, you can also scroll through various power presets with hot key combination fn + space bar. Power presets include High Performance, Entertainment, Quiet Office and Battery Saving modes.  Again, these are convenience pre-sets, and you can access more detailed power settings via the control panel or an icon in the system tray.  (I have mine set for High Performance when it's plugged in and Battery Saving when it's not.)The claims about the UX31's performance are not exaggerated.  Mine powers up in fewer than 15 seconds, and the 2-second resume from sleep is for real.  Everything is very snappy even though I have Norton 360 running in the background monitoring every file and process.A negative for me is that it only came with 128 gigabytes of storage. After installing my required applications, I'm only left with 69 gigabytes of free space.  I like the speed and durability of a solid state drive and I definitely make use of cloud storage, but not having the space available is an inconvenience. Another negative is that the face recognition software doesn't work very well. I'll give it time to "learn" and see how it goes.The ASUS engineers really put a lot into the design of the Zenbook.  I really like my new Ultrabook, and I will keep an eye on other ASUS products.UPDATE 12/2012Got to admit, the keyboard is irritating. I think that it's the large track pad.  Thumbs and the inside of the hands keep hitting the trackpad causing havoc in the application.  It's simple to remedy by keeping the thumb sides of your hands turned a little upward, but because I use other computers for work, I'm inconsistent.  Slight pain. No other problems.I installed Windows 8.  Of course, this computer doesn't have a touch screen, but it still works pretty well with the mouse.  Takes a little practice.  No problems with Windows 8 upgrade except that ASUS isn't yet providing any updates to it's utilities to make them Windows 8 apps.  You have to run them on the Windows 7 desktop.  I guess there's no profit in making older models current.I've been watching movies in HD on the 13 inch screen.  Very good quality. I've watched some very fast-paced action movies, and everything was perfectly smooth.  Sound quality is also good, but I prefer to plug in a headset.  Bluetooth headsets also work.