I got this notebook, after considerable research and finding the great review of this notebook on Notebookcheck.net. They rank this machine as the #1 Gaming AND the #1 Desktop Replacement Notebook.It is a wonderful machine despite its bulk and size. Please see the full review on notebookcheck.net, and then read my comments here. I have left out the positive parts that are clearly and scientifically covered in that review. Only including here some critical thoughts that were not mentioned there, and might help other readers. I posted this same review as a comment on notebookcheck.net as well.1. The 5400RPM hard drive makes the notebook quite slow overall. Surprising decision by ASUS to go with this - probably to reduce heat and noise. You should plan on upgrading the drive to a SSD. It is a shame to have such a great machine with such a slow drive. The good thing is that with 1TB of space, the drive is ideal to be a secondary storage drive.2. The size of the touch pad, causes the area of the palm below the thumbs to touch the pad. With gestures turned on, this causes the right palm to create the swipe in gesture to bring up the Charms bar inadvertently. This happens all the time. This issue would not have existed if the keyboard had been wider spaced and centered on the body rather than shifted left to accommodate the number pad on the right. This is a pretty bad design flaw - may have to turn off at least the charms bar gesture due to this. What is even more aggravating is that ASUS does not let you change the gesture to make it different - you can only turn off or turn on the gestures. Another severe limitation to think about.3. The Smart Gesture software supports all the typical gestures found on the Macbook trackpad, but sadly you can only turn them off and on. Cannot change the location of the swipe or anything else. Very limiting and irritating.4. Having the entire touchpad and keyboard shifted to the left is very disconcerting. Many windows (especially newer full screen application windows) are centered on the screen, and you constantly get the feeling of being in a left-hand drive car. Almost all notebooks are beginning to have this flaw. The one lone one that I have found to not have this is the ThinkPad W530. I hope they keep their sensible keyboard layout. Numberpads are overrated. For gaming it is better to get a separate stand alone device with the right keys - or even a standalone USB numberpad. Another bad design flaw.5. As was stated by Allen.Ngo, the graininess is similar to other panels with anti-glare. It becomes visible on white backgrounds if you look at the panel surface instead of looking (as one usually does) deeper into the text/graphics on the display. Not too bothersome, but you will clearly see the difference between it and a glossy screen. The glossy of course has the problem with reflection.6. The rubberized lid cover is nice - has a soft touch to it, BUT, it gathers dust very easily. Because of its soft rubber texture, the dust sticks to it and is difficult to clean away. It does not just swipe away. You will need to carry along a lint-free wipe of some kind and be wiping it every so often.7. There is no latch mechanism to keep the lid close to the base when closed. The lid literally bounces around a bit in the closed position. Very strange. There is no magnetic support to keep them together either.All these issues apart, the machine seems to be nice. Will likely be keeping it, though disappointed with the above factors. It is still perhaps the best machine on the market at its price point. Did not stress it too much, but it seems to stay cool, and for normal usage it is inaudible.