EDIT:  It's been a few months now. I'm still enjoying this little lappy, but the battery life has settled into about 3 hours when doing basic surfing and Office tasks. On the plus side, it's very easy to hook up to my 50" HDTV and stream Netflix. Bought an inexpensive Bluetooth mouse and had no trouble pairing it to this laptop. I was able to peel off most of the undesirable stickers and leave a clean surface for my palm.Does run a little warmer than I initially thought, but so far hasn't proved to be troublesome.Wish the battery life would have stayed longer - otherwise, I'm still enjoying this purchase.ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW.I had a little Acer 10.1" netbook for about 6 months. Loved the portability and long battery life, but the small screen and keyboard were killing me, so I sold it. After doing a lot of research, I settled on this as a replacement. This little beauty is SWEET. The keyboard is springy and responsive, it looks SO classy with the brushed silver exterior, photos look amazing on its screen, and it's still small and light enough to drop in a backpack. I considered buying an external DVD, but instead, I just shared the DVD tray on my desktop computer and loaded necessary software (Office 2007 Pro and Photoshop Elements 7) that way. Saved a few $$ by not buying that EDVD.I was a little concerned about the uber-shiny and slippery touch pad, but I've had no trouble with it. I took the advice of someone who posted a review and used the little button above the touch pad to disable it before putting the computer to sleep and I haven't experienced any of the unexpected freezing some other reviews highlight. As others have said, it's a fingerprint magnet, but, hey...it's a touch pad.The left side of the palm rest is a little warmer than the right, but it's not uncomfortable.The web-cam powers right up and the images it produces are great. The built-in mic works fine for sitting a comfy distance away.I charged it up, unplugged it, cranked up the screen brightness, and proceeded to uninstall HP bloatware, install Windows Security Essentials, Office, and PSE 7, watched some CBS videos, watched an hour-long TV show streamed from my desktop PC that I'd recorded via Win Media Center, and still it took over 5 hours to get the battery down to 10%. It took about 3.5 hours to charge it fully again (seemed a little long, but I wasn't in any hurry) and I'm in the process of draining it for the second time. It ran internet videos very smoothly and just had a couple of hiccups on the video coming over my wireless from my desktop. I built a fairly complex, multi-layer image in Photoshop Elements and it was smooth and fast.It's only been a day, but I think I'm going to be VERY glad I made the switch to this machine. I have a couple of HDMI cables on order and can't wait to try connecting it my HDTV and stream Netflix.My only negative is the sticker-fest all over the palm rests. They look like they'd peel off easily, but I tried removing one andit was stuck down so tightly I was afraid I'd be left with just a sticky mess behind, so I left the stickers there.Happy day! Hope this review pushed you over the edge.