Having received an iPad 2 for my birthday in September, and feeling that the world was going to end if I didn't update my 3 year old Windows laptop, I decided to give the Mac a try. I am definitely not tech savvy but can pick up things fairly quickly despite my advancing years, however I have to say that initially I had my reservations and seriously felt I had made a mistake. I stuck with it however and have gradually come to enjoy the machine.The most outstanding feature in my mind is the Trackpad that everyone pretty much swoons about. It is amazing. When one gets used to the gestures and ability to click anywhere on the pad with either one finger or two, it just comes to life. Having more money, or rather, more credit, than sense, I married the Mac to both the Apple BT keyboard and trackpad, which makes my office setup both ergonomic and fun.I am still plodding away learning Lion OS which is a departure from Windows 7 and I have to say I do not find it that intuitive, however it is slowly making more sense to me.I decided to upgrade my RAM which, according to Crucial Memory, the Pro will in fact support 16GB as opposed to the 8GB proclaimed by Apple and look forward to installing it today and seeing whether it speeds up my machine. I have to say I am not a heavy multi-tasker with computers or life in general, but it will be interesting to see any changes.Another small frustration in getting to know the mac, and an indicator to my poor pre purchase research, is that some software designed for the mac is different that it's Windows counterparts. Not a huge thing however I enjoyed some aspects of Quicken for Windows not available on the mac version. Hence the wallet opened again and after installing Parallels for Mac and a new copy of Windows 7, I now have the ability to run Windows products seamlessly with my Mac OS all the while continuing to delight in the benefits of the touchpad on the Mac giving me the best of both worlds.All in all I am very happy with the machine and do not regret the purchase. Speed wise it seems good enough for all that I need as I am not a gamer, huge multi-tasker or graphic heavy user. The experience does continue and whereas I was very happy with Windows 7 and Microsoft in general, I am starting to lean more towards Apple. Only time will tell.......Small addendum:Upon upgrading the RAM two things came to light as suggestions. Firstly, invest in a correctly sized mini "phillips style" screwdriver with a good sized handle. The 10 or so screws are fairly securely fastened requiring a moderate amount of torque to get them going. A slightly larger than optimum screw head could easily strip the screw making removal of the back plate a major bug bear.Secondly, if you are, like me, upgrading to different capacity memory sticks, put the larger of the banks in the bottom memory bay. I initially installed my new 8GB module in the top bay, leaving the original 2GB module in the bottom bay. Unfortunately the Mac did not recognize the new module and maintained the original 2GB, 2GB configuration. After a brief review of the Crucial website, I found the suggestion to try and reverse the order of the modules which I did resulting in the Mac recognizing all 10GB when "About this Mac" was consulted.