Important note - I am almost exclusively a Windows user, bear that in mind if you read the following...I must confess, I spent an inordinate amount of time researching this notebook since I had very specific needs and all the 'Geniuses' (Genii?) at the Apple store were clueless. When I explained my needs, I was met with blank stares or flat out told that what I needed was impossible.I am primarily a Windows user (95%+), I have a Mac Pro desktop at the office and I only boot that up to OS X when I need to sync my iPod to iTunes (which I refuse to install on my Windows partition -Terrible piece of software).I also need to encrypt the Windows partition since I run a security company and cannot risk data getting into the wrong hands. Encrypting the Windows partition necessitates Windows being installed on the first partition of the drive which in turn necessitates that I erase all partitions on the drive before I even use the computer, install Windows first partition (without Boot Camp) and then reinstall Mountain Lion back on the second partition.Apple certainly do not make things easy for Windows users which is strange since I think their decision to switch to Intel chipsets was, in part, so they could woo Windows users over to their hardware (in addition to other reasons).Anyway, all of this turned out to be surprisingly painless comparatively so no complaints there since I originally thought it may not be possible.Some of the reasons I ended up buying it...Try running up the same specifications on the Dell, Lenovo or HP web sites, Believe it or not, a notebook with the same specifications, if they can even make it turns out be more expensive. The MacBook Pro retina is actually a good deal!While you are at it, run up the retina MBP specs with the non-retina MBPs, you will find they are about $300 more too (Weird!)Apple hardware is very good in my experience. I paid about twice as much for my Mac Pro desktop than I used to pay for my other major brands and it has been working flawlessly for almost three years now with no replacement parts needed and no reinstalling of Windows needed.Also I thought 'what the hell...), I was done researching and up for a challenge.Some things I was surprised to find out that I did not turn up in my pre-purchase research...You cannot boot this machine off an external CD (even the Apple Superdrive), you need to make bootable USB thumb drives if you want to install Windows or OS X onto a blank drive - Not a deal breaker for most people.Thunderbolt is not hot swappable under Windows - This machine has no Ethernet jack (I knew that) so you need the Thunderbolt to Ethernet adapter to get a gigabit Ethernet connection, what I did not know was that I would have to reboot Windows every time I want to plug into a network. Bummer.And the biggie which no-one else has mentioned while they drool over the display's attributes - It is 20% dimmer than a non-retina display (under both Windows and OS X) Don't believe me? Google it. I originally thought it was defective and was going to take it to the Apple Store until I discovered this. Apparently the 4 times higher pixel density requires a lot more power to get the same brightness (400 cd/m2 compared to 340 cd/m2) so they limited the screen brightness to get better battery life.Anyway, all in all, I am happy with it and glad I bought it.I have also discovered a side effect that I find myself booting up to OS X more just to play with it (I am typing this on it right now) since, with the SSD, it is very quick to change from one OS to the other. I will still always be a Windows man though since I exclusively use Windows-only applications.New Discovery - When you use the Thunderbolt to Ethernet adapter under Windows, it prevents Sleep Mode. i.e. when the Thunderbolt adapter is being used and you close the lid, the whole computer shuts down requiring a full reboot. The issue took hours of my time to identify until I put two and two together. When you add this to the fact that you cannot hot swap the Ethernet adapter - If you need a wired Ethernet connection regularly, this is a major problem.