I just received the Asus G53SX-DH71 and have been using it for less than 48 hours.  I was so excited and wanted to try out some games and install some professional development tools on it to push its limit but unfortunately I have not been able to do so because the system is unstable.  What I mean by unstable is the laptop's video goes blank/black and there is no way to get the screen to turn on without having to do a hard reset or power off.  Even doing so will not guarantee it will work when turned on.  I'm not sure maybe I received a bad unit but we'll see if technical support can help me or I'm probably just going to send this in for repairs or exchange.So here are the following hardware failures I have experienced frequently thus far:- Cannot return from Hibernation mode.  Once the system is in Hibernation mode, pressing the power button turns the system on the but screen is completely black and does not turn on.  Pressing buttons, moving the mouse or touch pad doesn't do anything.- While the system is on, connecting or disconnecting the power cord causes the screen to go black.  Reversing what I just did does nothing so I have to do a hard shutdown.  Turning the system back on again doesn't guarantee the screen will turn on.- Experienced 1 of 2 things when turning the system on or restarting via Windows:1) The system powers on and just sits there with the screen completely black2) The system powers on and the screen is black but goes all the way thru the Windows login process just fine but the screen is still offWhat I have done to get around it and get the screen to turn on and see the Asus logo show up is open the screen at about 30 degrees, or opening the lid as little as possible so I can still press the Power button.  Once the system powers up and I can see the Asus logo pop up then I know the screen is on and all is well.  Otherwise, at times with the screen/lid opened all the way and turning on the system the screen stays black and I just have to do a hard shutdown and retry again.Until, I can get the system operating normally or possibly replaced with a working unit without these shortcomings I'll have to give this product only 1 star for the potential that it has...I'll update the review if I get a chance at new unit or repaired one.ASUS Republic of Gamers G53SX-DH71 Full HD 15.6-Inch Gaming Laptop (Black)====================UPDATE 2012-02-16: I am VERY impressed with the level of service from Amazon and its distributor.  Within 24 hours of reporting the original unit being defective I received confirmation of a new unit is being sent and I received it the very next business day! So back to the unit, the performance is superb with the out-of-box configurations and default 12 GB RAM, 750 GB HD, and GeForce GTX 560M 2GB.I was able to play most games (e.g. Starcraft II, WOW, Modern Warfare II, Unreal Tournament, Crysis) without issues at high resolution. On top of that the system is hefty enough to handle running database and web servers while playing the games.  On top of that, I am also have MS Visual Studio open and developing on the side.The built-in webcam and microphone works just fine.  Video playback of 1080i movies were great as well.  Too bad the unit didn't have a blu-ray player.Improvements I would say can be with the audio which is not as loud and the layout of the power plug input.  It tends to get in the way of my mouse movements being on the right side of the unit instead of the left or back of the laptop. I also wonder why they did not opt to go with a magnetic connector similar to the kind found on the MacBooks.  The power cord when plugged into the laptop is also not flush, giving it an illusion that it is not all the way in for a good connection.Overall I am satisfied!  Oh do expect the thing to be quite big if you haven't owned a  laptop that is classified as desktop replacement although it hasn't prevented me from bringing it around to the coffee shops or around the home office.