Update3: My newer unit even had wireless problems after awhile. It wasn't really an n-router problem because I disabled n-mode and was still having trouble connecting to regular g or b. My new one also had horrible backlight bleeding. It turns out that I got fed up of this laptop after reading the cons so I just returned it for now. I may get the UX31A-DB51 again, but for now I am laptop-less. I just feel like Asus has not put enough time into ensuring that users get the optimal experience. It shouldn't take 3 Zenbooks for a user to not experience wireless problems or have a good trackpad or something.Update2: Got my new Zenbook. It also had Wireless problems, but they weren't as bad as my old one. I was able to fix these problems by tweaking my router settings. Everything is great now. Anyways, for the sake of testing out this keyboard, I might as well finish this review.Pros:- Amazing 1080p display- Great Bang & Olufsen sound- Looks very nice- Backlit keyboard- Fast Ivy Bridge processor- Very fast startup times- Great Amazon warranty - replaced in 1 day- Excellently packed + sleeve given- Very light and portableCons:- Wireless problems. If you have an n-router, you WILL need to tweak out your settings- Comes with a lot of bloatware- Battery life is just "okay"- Touchpad needs to be tweaked in the settings before it is usable- Colors on display are a little saturated- The Fn key needs to be used to access volume and brightness control by pressing Fn+F-key combo. I think it would be a lot more useful if those volume and brightness keys were able to be pressed without Fn, and Fn would be used only to access the actions of the F-keys. I'm making it sound complicated, but I basically mean the opposite of what it is now.- Asus tech support is pretty much useless. They assume you're some amateur with computers. You're better off just returning your Zenbook to Amazon if you think you have a major problem because they give you free 1-day shipping anyways.Update: After trying many things to try and fix my network issues, I have decided just to get a replacement. Amazon is coming to pick mine up tomorrow and will give me a new one. I will update about my new Zenbook once it comes.Just got my product. I love the 1080p display, the Bang & Olufsen sound, super speedy ADATA SSD, and basically everything about it. However, I have experienced a MAJOR problem that just makes this product annoying for me. I've had issues connecting to my Wireless Internet ever since I got the laptop. It was the first thing I noticed and did not leave a good impression. When I click connect to my network, the Zenbook takes ages to connect and usually stops at "Limited access" or "No network access". After several attempts, it *sometimes* connects to the internet. I know for a fact that it isn't a problem with my internet because the 3 other laptops that I have connect to the network easily. I also tried tethering the Mobile Network from my phone onto the laptop via WiFi and it wouldn't work. I've been trying to fix this and I'm going to call Asus to try to fix this problem. Hopefully it isn't a hardware issue and I won't have to return it. Asides from this problem, the laptop is great and I'm excited to use it. I'll let you guys know what happens.