Plain and simple, the 13" MacBook Pro w/ Core i5 processor is excellent at being what it's supposed to be...a laptop!  I spent months researching laptops.  I wanted something full powered (core i5) in a simplistic 13" form factor, with great battery life.  I went back and forth between some of the new 'Ultrabooks' such as the Asus Zenbook & Toshiba Portege.  They were tempting, but a big turn off to me was the limited processing power and shallow feel to the keyboard.  In the end I came down to the Lenovo U400 and this MacBook Pro.  An excellent Black Friday deal got be the U400 for around $850, so I took the plunge.  Without going into details, the end result was a return within a week and my ordering of this fine computer.What really sold me on the MacBook Pro was it's ability to thrive at being a laptop.  I personally do not feel there is a better laptop out there for the reasons in which I will list shortly.  Now I will start off by saying that I am not an Apple fan simple because they're Apple.  Now, that said, here are the reasons that sold me:1.  The simplistic, all aluminum case in a 13" form factor.2.  The keyboard is second to none for laptops.3.  The touch pad is a dream to use.4.  The battery life is top notch for a full featured laptop.5.  It has the little extras such as back lit keyboard and SD reader built in.Notice I did not mention anything about the Mac OS.  Up until I purchased this computer, I had very little experience with the Mac OS, so I was a little hesitant.  I have a fairly technical background and knack for tinkering with my computers, so I figured how hard could it be to learn?  To my surprise, it was a little frustrating the first week or two, but after that all I can say is that it simply makes sense.  Things work in the way that they should work.  Does this create some limitations on what you can do in comparison to a more open Windows? Yes, certainly.  But at the same time, I've learned that I really don't need to do those tiny little things I was fussing over.  Some people will never be fans of Apple or their OS, and that's understandable.  But coming from an avid Windows user and someone a little more technically inclined than the average person, I can honestly say it's a pleasure to use the Mac OS.My only tiny gripe is that Apple still refuses to incorporate HDMI.  I'd love to hook my MacBook Pro up to my external monitor for those times the extra screen real estate could be used.  There are plenty of adapters out there though to make this happen still.  I just wish it didn't take an adapter or special cable.So far so good.  I highly recommend the 13" Core i5 MacBook Pro to anyone looking for a new laptop!