After blowing up another computer, not from overuse but from downloading a virus, I bought this computer from Best Buy for $630.The PositivesWindows 8 is not hard to learn. Using a Windows mouse ($19 at Best Buy), its easy to toggle between the Windows 8 desktop and a Windows 7-like desk top.Windows 8 apps can be deleted or minimized and you can create your own.  It's actually easier to toggle between apps using Windows 8 than Windows 7.After using it several times, it seems to "learn" what you do and the computer speeds up in opening apps and browsers - initially I found it rather slow.I have had no problems with WIFI disconnects except once and I have problems with my WIFI disconnecting anyway, so can't blame the computer.It wakes up instantly from "sleep" which I prefer to using rather than completely turning off my computer.Its very lightweight and compact and has a nice feel.The built-in mouse is actually decent to use, responding very well to touch.  I usually hate using them.It does not require you to create recover disks.  It has a recover feature, but have no idea how well that works - bottomline, play it safer and buy an external harddrive for data backup.Has nice quality sound, better than any laptop I've owned in the past.Comes with built in WIFI and bluetooth.The ConsWindows 8 may intimidate at first, but it is actually easy to learn and can be easily modified to meet your preferences.  However, it can be cumbersome as you are trying to learn.  Apps open in Windows 8 do not have a minimize screen.  You have to toggle between them (as I said using a Windows Mouse makes this fairly easy - but a new user will find it cumbersome).Slow at first, but speeds up once you opened apps and programs on the computer.Updates quite frequently which can be annoying.  This comes with Windows 8.0.  There is an 8.1 but there is quite a bit of preparing you have to do for the free download.  Having been burnt before updating a Windows system, I'm not going to download 8.1.Must set up an MS mail account to do anything with a lot of the Tiles on the start window.Comes with a lot of bloatware, including annoying Norton antivirus.  (Suggestion, download Norton's uninstall tool, because Norton is nearly impossible to uninstall from your computer without this tool)Although you can get rid of Norton, the computer has an update tool for other apps and Norton is stubbornly listed so you could accidentally reinstall it.  So far have not seen anyway to get rid of it as an automatic update listing, but you can uncheck it in the list.Does not come with a DVD player and you will have to buy an external drive which will add to the cost, which is around $630.  External drives run around $30 - $80 for something decent.  External drives seems to fail more often than built-ins and so you have to count this as an additional expense to a moderate price computer.I will continue to add to this list as I continue to work with the computer.  The pros outweigh the cons and as I continue to use it, the cons are becoming minimized and I really like this computer.Update: I have to use the recover feature.  It took awhile, but did restore to defaults.  I didn't have any media saved already, but supposedly it won't touch your media.  It did delete recent software downloads (i.e. games and other updates), however, it left a link on the desktop with a list of data the recovery had deleted.  The reason I did the recovery is because I deleted the email tile from the desktop.  Apparently once deleted it's gone (however, make sure you do a search first through the Windows 8 Search "Charm" feature), so I had to resort to recovery to get the email tile back.  I'm doing that because I plan to integrate my other email accounts through this tile.  Con:  I may have to set up an MS email account in order to be able to do so.)Update:  It's been a week of hard use and no WiFi problems, even when my DVD couldn't maintain connection with Netflix (as I stated I have problems with WiFi at home - yet no disconnects - although occasionaly slow browser loads, probably due to my Wifi issues).