This laptop has a major flaw: you can't type with it. Or, at least I couldn't.I spent 2 hours getting it set up, checking out that it would connect to the net, arranging some of the system preferences etc. then I finally went online and was typing in a forum...... when I discovered that every time I typed the cursor would suddenly go back a word or two or three and start typing from the middle of the sentence instead of continuing where I left off. So it was as if, on this sentence, it would suddenly start writing this last word back where it says ""it would suddenly" instead of continuing on from "instead", for example.However: THIS IS NOT A BAD UNIT, IT'S A **BAD DESIGN!**The thing is that if you rest your hands on the edge of the laptop instead of holding your hands up in the air, as you rest your hands, the bottom left part of your thumb rests on the touch pad and that causes it to highlight parts of the sentence and so it begins typing that part of the sentence that you've inadvertently highlighted. THERE IS NO SOLUTION FOR THIS other than to hold your hands up off the computer as you type. Indeed this is best for your hands/wrists but I do not use that style of posturing my hands so this laptop (and perhaps others?) simply will not work for me.In my view this is a very faulty design because I'm pretty sure a LOT of people rest their hands as they type. So if you do - if you don't hold the base of your thumb up off the computer as you type - then DO NOT BUY THIS LAPTOP.It may be a very good laptop otherwise, I don't know. It seemed like a good value and has great features and great reviews. I guess judging from all those great reviews, most buyers do NOT rest their hands on the laptop body as they type so they will not be inadvertently touching that part of the touch pad with the bottom part of their thumb, thus causing it to type erratically.So if you are looking at this computer just do a lot of typing with it in your normal posture before buying it to make sure you do not have this problem. I would not recommend buying it on line until you go somewhere and physically use it to type from a normal posture so you can see if you too have this problem typing with it. If the bottom part of your thumb - the fleshy part towards your palm -  touches the touch pad you will probably have problems with it as I did.Too bad Samsung didn't put the touch pad further up, make it a little smaller and avoid this problem.For what it's worth I also did not care for the touch pad in general. I found it to be too sensitive at times and not sensitive enough at other times. When moving my finger across it sometimes it would inadvertently grab something on the desktop or page I was on and open it when I did not really tap the touchpad to make it open anything. I have had this problem with other laptops - most notably an older model HP - and it can be very very annoying over time. Also this touch pad does NOT have any control panel that will allow you to adjust its sensitivity. Many - like the HP mentioned - do not. Next time I'm going to find out if the model I am interested in does or not have a touchpad adjustment and if it doesn't I may not buy that model. (I DID try to adjust the mouse settings but that does not affect the sensitivity of the touch pad in the way that I needed it to.)So basically this Samsung laptop has TWO major problems with the Touchpad.BUYER BEWARE!