I was looking for a cheaper alternative to replace my aging MacBook Pro.  Fully understanding that I wouldn't be getting as high a build quality as an MBP (and hoping to save a bundle of money in the process), I pulled the trigger and ordered one of these.  It arrived dead, complaining there was no bootable device.  This probably happens a lot, because the packaging LeNovo uses is absolutely pathetic.  The laptop was shipped in a very flimsy box with the computer wedged in between a couple small pieces of styrofoam on either side of the notbook.  That's it. I'm pretty surprised that the computer didn't arrive with a few dents the way it was packaged.  Anyways, I called Lenovo support, and spoke with a gentleman who took my details, provided me a case number, and then attempted to transfer me over to another department for an exchange.  I was then bombarded by advertisements for a free $25 supermarket card and a free gas gift card by an automated system, then disconnected.  Confused by what had just happened, I called back the number I was given in case of disconnect and got the same advertisements.  It appears the LeNovo rep not only gave me the wrong number to call, but also transferred me over to the wrong number.  I called back the main support number, and spoke with a different guy.  He gave me a different number, and then transferred me.  While trying to enter in my number to the irritating automated system I was disconnected again.  I tried calling back the new number I was given, and it just rang forever with no answer.  So for the third time I called the main support number and actually ended up talking with the same person again.  He apologized and tried to transfer me in directly to the correct department, but was unable to do so.  Instead I was given yet another number to try.  By this point I had received a dead computer and wasted an hour just trying to talk to the right person.  Maybe the dead computer was a fluke, but there is just no excuse for the joke that LeNovo calls customer service.  Anyways, after an hour of a half of my life being hung up on on and waiting on hold, I had completely lost faith in Lenovo.  If this is the level of support offered to someone who was shipped a brand new dead computer, what is a regular warranty service call like?  When I finally spoke to someone who could help me, I said if you cannot ship me a replacement overnight then I would like to return the computer.  She said they do not ship replacements overnight.  I got an RMA number, sent the dead laptop back, and will be taking my business elsewhere. Hopefully they Lenovo won't botch the return like they have everything else.Update #1 7/1/12: Yep, they botched it, why am I not surprised? I ordered a bluetooth mouse with the computer, and it was set to ship a week or two after the laptop shipped.  When I told customer service that I wanted a refund on the defective laptop, the rep assured me that the mouse order would be canceled.  Well, I just received shipping confirmation on the canceled mouse order, and my credit card has been charged.  I'm still waiting for my refund on the laptop as well.Update #2 7/9/12: For those who are wondering, the computer was purchased through LeNovo's website, not Amazon. I really, truly wish I had bought this through Amazon, because I would have had my refund and been done with this weeks ago. If you must buy a Lenovo, go through Amazon or a retailer who has a reasonable returns process. I am just posting this review on Amazon for the benefit of others.  As of today I still have not received my refund from LeNovo for either the laptop or the mouse.  Last week I filed a complaint with the BBB. I received an email from the "Customer Advocate and Complaint Resolutions" department about 3 days later, but when I try calling the guy who emailed me he is never there.  Going though Lenvo "support" is a hopeless endeavor.  I sure hope Lenovo is enjoying the interest free loan they took out on my credit card.  What a racket!Final Update: Things got much better once the BBB was involved.  I finally got my money back after a month of waiting.