Where do I start...  -CPU- The dual-core i5-3337U is clocked at 1.8GHz (which is a little low, but ok for laptops.), which is normally nothing to brag about. BUT it overclocks itself to an insane 2.6GHz when needed. On top of it, the dual-core is hyperthreaded. This means the processor has 2 threads per core, which means it has double the multitasking power of an equivalent Pentium or AMD.  -Graphics/Gaming- As a hardcore desktop-gaming fan, I was skeptical what this could do. I was a little surprised though. The HD Graphics 4000 won't move heaven and earth, heck it won't even feel speedy, but it runs all 2D gaming wonderfully. However, 3D gaming is where you have to compromise. Most top-tier games past 2011 won't run well (25fps or so at 1024x576 resolution across a plethora of titles). However, some games pre-2010 can run pretty well. I was able to get a solid 35FPS on Counter-Strike:Source with all graphics on high (except AA) and at full resolution. Minecraft blew me away, with 30-50FPS on Far render distance and all graphics up all the way (you will drop to 10-20FPS on some of the big-friggin' servers with same graphics, beware. Lower your setting and you'll be fine). I believe the i5 is what really helps this guy during gaming, the 2.6GHz really makes the GPU the bottleneck.  -RAM- Mine came with a 4GB stick running at a nice 1600MHz. Surprisingly, this laptop has FOUR SODIMM slots for RAM. FOUR. So if you really wanted to, you could put in up to 16GB of RAM. 8GB is all you need, though. You can easily oipen the RAM back panel and place in 3 more sticks.  -HDD- The hard drive is your everyday typical 5400rpm 500GB drive. Not super fast, but stays very quiet, almost inaudible. The speed ain't crazy amazing (at least 10+MB/s when copying locally), but then again your buying a $550 laptop. You can only really hear it if you put your ear to the chassis of the laptop. I am not sure if you can replace the drive by yourself, but I'm sure any laptop repair place can put one in for you.  -Audibility- This laptop is quiet. The hard drive is practically silent, and the fan can only become distracting when the laptop is under heavy load (aka gaming)  -Keyboard-  The keyboard is nice enough for a laptop. It's solid and the keys feel secure. However, it isn't exactly a pleasure to type on it like a Lenovo, but it isn't bad either. It's just kinda... normal.  -Display- The 1378x768 touchscreen is very nice for a laptop. At times is almost feels like I'm working on a tablet. The 14" display is the great size; not tiny but things are not blurry for the resolution. It can get nice and bright during day (on max setting) but is a little too bright during night on lowest setting.  -I/O- It has 2 USB 2.0 and only 1 USB 3.0, along with an HDMI, Display port, and ships with an external Display port-to-Ethernet and VGA converter. The optical drive is well... an optical drive. You can't really go more in depth than there.  -Battery- I can barely squeeze a solid 3.5-4 hours of life with general browsing and some mild battery saving-management. I get around 1.25 hours when gaming off-charger.*EDIT*- With gaming, you can squeeze more around 1.5-1.75 hours out of the battery.  -Chassis- This is a bit subjective, but the plastic chassis feels pretty solid and sleek. It's light and portable.Over all, this laptop is a steal for the price.