I wasn't going to write a review for this until I found out the solutions to a few of it's problems.  I'll mention those at the end.Pros: - Good, above average build quality.  There's a nice rubber where the palm rests are. - Good keyboard.  If you are used to an Apple laptop keyboard this is very similar. - Great gaming performance.  Scores about 9200 in 3Dmark06. - Good CPU, even though its not the i7. - Great upgrade ability for a laptop.  You can replace the CPU if you want to upgrade to an i7 and you know what you're doing.  The GTS 360M is also removable, but as far as upgrading that, I do not know. - Mine came with Kingston DDR3 1333mhz ram. - Great screen!  If you think 1080p in a laptop is too much, you have to see it.  Every time I see lesser resolution laptops they don't look very good anymore. - Some people say that this gets hot, but in my opinion the heat vent system is very good.  The air coming out is hot but the bottom of the laptop and the keyboard do not get very hot, only warm.Cons: - There's a bit of bloatware.  Make sure you know what not to delete if you are going to try to delete a bunch of it, there are a few required but seemingly unneeded programs. - WiFi range isn't as good as some I've seen but im sure it can be improved by upgrading the card.  Don't get me wrong, it's still decent range though. - Speakers aren't the greatest.  They are reasonable except that they lack bass. - Battery life isn't the best.  You can get just over 2 hours if you lower the brightness and don't do anything intensive. - Freezing problems I will explain in detail belowREAD THIS IF YOU ARE HAVING ISSUES WITH FREEZING:My laptop would freeze at seemingly predictable times.  For example, at the end of a song conversion in iTunes or the end of the DVD rip using imgburn.  It also froze when my friends tried using omegle.  I read that UNINSTALLING THE REALTEK HD AUDIO DRIVER fixes the problem and sure enough, after doing that through the control panel there is no more freezing!  Don't worry about losing sound ability either, it will simply use the default microsoft audio after you restart the computer and let it install it's software the way it automatically does.  I realized that after it stopped freezing, that when it did freeze, it was when that program in question made a sound, so it makes sense that the Audio Driver was the problem.  I have heard of BSOD problems, but those were never a problem for me.  But if they do happen to you, It's possible that updating the BIOS will fix it.Overall, after fixing the freezing issue, this is a great laptop.  It will blow through most older games and everything released today will run, but you might have to lower the settings.  It's not only for gaming though, for other purposes it's great too.