There are many things to like about this computer. They include a nicely lit keyboard, great high definition screen and speed that will be more than adequate for most tasks with the possible exception of gaming. Then there is Sony technical support which is as good as it gets. The Blu ray DVD is a nice feature to have as well. The only thing I could not get used to was the touchpad which lacks the usual two press down portions in the front. There is probably a name for them but I am not as computer savy as I would like to be. Unfortunately my computer showed an issue that could be either hardware or software related. For no particular reason, I got several messages that read " driver_irql_not_less_or_equal...." with no blue screen of death. After a short while the computer resumed working without additional efforts on my part. I called Sony and got through to tech support promptly. Using a remote program the tech checked hardware and concluded it must be software related. So I did a reset to original factory settings. Shortly after this (within minutes) the warning reappeared. I called Sony and a tech support visit to my home was initiated. I think Sony should be commended for its efforts. Since I had the computer for only 20 days I contacted Amazon and as expected Amazon came to my rescue with a speedy return label. Why did I opt to return the computer that I really liked? Many electronics companies reserve the right to replace a defective device with a refurbished one and with regard to this policy Vizio immediately comes to my mind. I don't know if Sony subscribes to this policy but I was not about to take a chance that the computer could not be repaired especially when Amazon was gracious enough to allow a return. Although I have three Vizio televisions I would not be happy if a refurbished one was substituted for mine because I take good care of my electronics and I don't know anything about the history of the refurbished one. So, flame me if you wish but that's how I feel. If you can return a recently purchased defective item, I say you're better off. Since the hardware checked out, I have my own theory that there is a glitch in Windows 8 as it was installed and that this will eventually be corrected with an update. However, that is just a supposition on my part. I found Windows 8 to be somewhat cumbersome but workable. And this review should not be about the operating system but rather about the computer anyway. I still consider myself a Sony fanboy and I would not hesitate to buy Sony in the future. Stuff happens. It's nice to have Amazon there when it does.Addendum: The press down portions of the keypad referred to above are called simply enough, mouse buttons. This computer lacks them. It is supposed to be an innovation but calling it an innovation is like calling Windows 8 an inovation over Windows 7. I much prefer mouse buttons to one smooth keypad that lacks them.