The Asus N61JQ-X1's performance is excellent, when it works. That's the good. But it is too cheaply made, unreliable and has too many hardware failures. I suspect that a lot of these glowing reviews were probably done when the laptop was brand new before it stood the test of time.I have had this laptop since September 2010 and it's now March 2013. At about a year and a half the fan went out. I replaced it, not a big deal in itself. At about the same time the video card started going out. Suddenly while working the video card puts yellow vertical stripes on the monitor while the system freezes and hangs. I have to power off and restart to use the computer again. The yellow stripe freezes/crashes have become more and more frequent. At first it was a couple times a month, now it is once a day or even more. Now I will have to buy another video card. All my other laptops lasted years without any hardware going bad. Planned obsolescence? Cheap parts and build quality? I don't know.The Asus N61JQ-X1 is marketed as USB 3.0, the latest and greatest and "future proof". What they don't tell you is that ONLY ONE of the THREE USB ports is actually USB 3.0 (the single one on the left side). The other two are USB 2, the 2 on the right side of the laptop. Pretty bad, especially since most buyers will never even know they're using the slower USB 2 ports, while incorrectly thinking they are using USB 3.0 when they're not.The speakers are terrible, about the quality you would expect from a cell phone earpiece speaker. The native 1366x768 screen resolution is horrible too as others have mentioned. This computer is much better utilized as a desktop replacement with an external monitor and speakers.The webcam built into the top of the screen was installed UPSIDE DOWN. Apparently this is a common problem with Asus N61JQ-X1s as I've seen it a lot in Asus forums when researching other issues. Any and all webcam software you use will have to have an option to flip the picture vertically, as all software or web sites default to an upside down picture. Maybe you will be one of the lucky ones in the 50 50 roll of the dice and your N61JQ-X1s webcam will be installed right side up. Good luck with that.Another serious problem with the webcam when I was running the OEM Windows 7 (Installing Windows XP 64-bit fixed this problem), the webcam would rarely work, instead a Windows error message would pop up saying "Web Cam is Already In Use by Another Program". Every time I attempted to use it, it would do this, when NO other program was using the webcam. Sometimes disabling and re-enabling the webcam in device manager would fix this but more often than not it wouldn't, and you were just S*** out of luck if you needed to use the webcam. Sorry, it just doesn't work. Never did from day one. Again, installing Windows XP x64 fixed this issue.As other reviewers mentioned Asus (India based obviously) technical support is completely and 100% useless. You will accomplish NOTHING with Asus technical support, this I guarantee you. You might as well figure it out yourself or pay someone who knows what they're doing. Asus would be better off with no technical support than pretending to have technical support while it is completely worthless.The following could be Windows 7 issues but I will include it here.When it was brand new, out of the box I had constant repeated BSODs. This happened with the brand new factory setup. Still the same after restoring the Windows 7 to factory with the recover feature. This improved after I removed the Asus bloatware and cleaned it up. I continued to have other problems where system settings would change themselves and operating system services would suddenly be stopped seemingly on their own. This happened almost regularly to the point I got sick of it. Also, settings I would change would change right back later or after the laptop was rebooted the next time.Many times I had to restore the hard drive, from disk image backups I do regularly with Acronis. At least once a month I had to run a full restore because for some reason I'd start having problems with Windows 7, crashing or other various problems, and I'm not a newbie with Windows.Six months ago I bought a larger hard drive and installed "Windows XP x64 Professional" on the N61JQ-X1. Compatible 64 bit drivers were not hard to find. The XP 64-bit Pro works great compared to the OEM Windows 7, it's much better now with the XP-64.