Alright guys, let me see how precise I can be with this review. I bought this machine for a client of mines and they absolutely love it!First of with the build quality. Its brushed aluminium with some plastic around so the build quality does feel pretty solid. It's a bit heavier than the equivalent lenovo with the same specs but it's not terrible and of the bat, of the better things about the build quality is that everything sits securely on the machine. The lenovo I bought a while aback had q/c issues with the dvd drive sticking out. But this machine was perfect. Oh the machine is a little wider than you think it is, but its not that big a deal. the black finish at the bottom hides how wide the machine actually is.Now for what comes in the box. I TOTALLY LOVEEEEEEEEE the fact that it came with BOTH operating system DVD's. HP ... YOU GUYS ROCK FOR THAT! So this laptop came with both installation cd's, either windows 7 pro or windows 8 pro, which ever you choose to upgrade it to. And of course with all HP machines it comes with a tonne of bloatware that would take you at least an hour to get rid off (my only major gripe but I still give it 5 stars). But one you get rid of the HP bloatware it works brilliantly!Now I did notice an earlier review where someone was complaining about it coming in french which I did think was a bit odd. But for those of you who are reading this rewview pay attention. When the laptop is booting for the FIRST time a screen will come up to select which language you want installed to use your machine. YOU MUST BE VERY CAREFUL AT THIS POINT. Because once you select the wrong language it cannot be undone unless you do a complete reinstall. So I figured either the gentleman or his mom was rushing the setup and didn't realise until it was too late. So ppl, please be careful when running the set up.And I absolutely HAVE to mention the software update for this machine. Now when I was trying update the lenovo I kept getting a stupid error about the updates failing and had to go through the painstaking task of installing them one by one. Which I thought was a bit odd. And guess what, on the dare HP ... NO SUCH PROBLEMS !!! Clicked download, windows installed, even told me there were some unecessary updates and to date it's purring like a kitten !!!And one final thing is that FN key was not working on my laptop. I was abit alarmed and concerned at first, but if its one thing, I can't fault HP online customer support, and sure enough there was a nice little file on HP's website which said HP FN driver update/fix .. and with that installed the machine didn't fail to impress me.All in all I highly recommend this HP laptop, which is strange of me to say because I used to hate HP, but if I had to choose this and the lenovo(which was a fingerprint magnet btw), I DEFINITELY would go with this!If any of you who are reading this and still have more questions. Feel free to contact me!