I recently made the switch from PC to Mac, and I can say that I'm not sure why I waited so long.  Considering that I have only had my computer a few weeks I can't say much about the durability and longevity of the hardware, but I can say that the operating system (mine shipped with Lion) and software is top notch.I labored for a long time trying to decide whether the 13" MacBook Pro (MBP) or MacBook Air was the right choice for me.  I liked the form factor, screen resolution and weight of the Air, but couldn't get comfortable with the comparatively small hard drive and the RAM fixed at 4GB.  Considering these factors along with the significant price premium for an Air, I decided that the MBP was right for me.I also thought long and hard about whether to go with the base model with the 2.4Ghz i5 processor and 500 GB HDD or the 2.8Ghz i7 processor with the 750GB HDD.  after looking at reviews and benchmark tests I decided that for my uses, the less expensive model would be perfect and that the incremental added performance of the more expensive model is not worth the additional cost.  When large solid state drives become more affordable I will probably switch my HDD out, but until then 500GB should provide plenty of storage.I opted to get my computer locally, but purchased the Crucial 8GB Kit (4GBx2), 204-pin SODIMM, DDR3 PC3-10600 Memory Module (CT2KIT51264BC1339) from Amazon for a great price.  Once I got my computer home I installed the RAM in 10 minutes, start to finish.  If you are planning this upgrade just be sure that you have the right Phillips head screwdriver.After using this computer for the past few weeks and carrying it on weekly business trips I am very pleased with my choice of computers.  It handles the Microsoft office suite flawlessly, and the added ram allows me to open and view very large pdf files without any lag.  I have done minor video and photo editing on this computer and it performed very well.  The added weight compared to theAir hasn't proven to be too noticeable, but I am a big guy at 6'4" and 210 pounds.So far I am pleased with this computer and my Mac experience overall.  The process of learning a new OS and overall user interface was daunting at first, but Apple has done a great job creating a system that is intuitive and easy to learn.I would recommend this computer to anyone looking for a new laptop that they expect to have for awhile and would like to be able to customize to fit their needs.UPDATE 5/29/12: I have been using my MBP for six months now and couldn't be happier with it.  I may have been lucky enough to get a great unit, but during the time that I have owned my MBP I have NEVER needed to contact technical support.  I use my Mac for my primary business computer every day and have traveled extensively with it.Aside from its performance and reliability the feature that I like most about my Mac is the multi-touch trackpad.  By using gestures on the trackpad I can be very efficient, and I'm not sure that I will ever be able to go back to a regular mouse or trackball.One addition that I made was to get the Mini DisplayPort to DVI Adapter MB570Z/A to attach a second monitor when I'm at the office.  This allows me to use both my MBP monitor and an external, which provides me with much more area when using Excel or other programs and also allows me to keep my mailbox visible when working on other things.Considering how pleased I am with my Mac, I have a feeling that I will be buying a lot more Apple products in the future.