While I will spend some time on the disadvantages of this computer, I must say there aren't many and I love it and am glad I bought it.This review, and also this computer, is really for power users.  Most of you don't need a computer like this... you can get away with a perfectly good computer much cheaper.Bought this at Fry's in Jan 2012.  It's a quad-core i7-2670QM running at 2.2GHz with 8GB of RAM.  Not sure of the exact speed of the RAM but Crucial's memory scanner pegs it at either PC3-10600 or PC3-12800.  I run some pretty memory intensive apps, and while this computer can be upgraded to 16GB, I haven't felt the need.  At the time of this review (10/13/2012) upgrading the memory would be $80 +- $20 depending on how well you shop.  It does have the Intel 3000 graphics built in with a minimum allocation of 64MB of RAM and a max of 1696MB (64MB Dedicated + Shared)My WEI with my SSD installed (not included with this purchase) is 6.3.  I don't quite know what it is without, I assume it was 5.9.Everything on this computer worked fine out of the box, however, I'm not a fan of bloatware and HP has plenty of it.  So I reinstalled Windows 7 with a copy of Win 7 I had on DVD and using the key from the bottom of the machine, it worked.  BTW, most of you know this, but most computers now do not come with restore CDs, but I think HP has one for $20.  I'm not too worried about getting one from them.  Go to their support website before you buy if this is something you need.One hardware modification I made was I got rid of the 5400 RPM WD 750GB drive and replaced it with a paltry 60GB 2.5 SSD from OCZ that I used in a previous computer.  This makes Windows 7 screaming fast, but doesn't allow for a lot of room to install things... and here's where my first complaint comes in.You have two drive bays for HD/SSD but good luck finding a second caddy/cable for it.  And when you find one, it's going to have to be a long cable (about the width of your keyboard) to reach the connector near the first HD/SSD.Intel Wireless Display is AWESOME.  I bought a Netgear Wi-Di box and hooked it up to my TV.  I can even play a show from Hulu or Netflix and get no audio or video lag.I don't play games on it, so I can't tell you how it would do with World of Warcraft or anything like that.  I presume it's neither great or bad, but that's a guess.It's shiny and easy to get dirty.  I found the fingerprint scanner to be useless, but that's because I did a fresh install of Windows.  HP's support site is good for finding drivers though, but not that particular one.Battery life... I get 6-8 hours EASY on this thing and I'll bet I can get 10 if I ever let it "die" as opposed to plugging it in at 10%.  Makes going to Starbuck's much easier. :)Wi-Fi seems to be good/strong/powerful.  Haven't really tried the Bluetooth, so I can't comment on that.  I also don't have any USB 3.0 specific devices yet, but the ports are plentiful... they aren't well spaces...so if you have a "fatter" USB drive (like my older SanDisk) that you need to plug in, you might have a conflict.Sound is surprisingly good.  Display at 1600 x 900 is crisp and clear.  Getting the back cover off is a pain, until you realize the only tool you need is a flathead screwdriver or butter knife.  Be gentle, though.Blu-Ray player, but no Blu-Ray software.  Be prepared to shell out for that.  I haven't really tried it yet.What else to say... I love it.