I am not a technology expert and am reviewing this product specifically as a user. Also, I have never had a Sony laptop prior to receiving this one. I've used Dell, HP, and ASUS but never Sony. I'm now sorry I've never tried one of these. I don't even know where to begin with this Vaio. First, the design of it is spectacular, beautiful, and very user friendly - especially the keyboard (it's a full keyboard with the extra number pad on the right side) with its backlit keys and smoothness. When I say the keys are smooth, I mean to the touch and very sensitive. No need to apply too much pressure so it's much easier to type faster, which I love because I'm a writer and this is important for me. It's amazing how quickly the key lights come on the second you touch a key. The weight is good - sturdy but not heavy and it's also a lot slimmer than any of my other laptops. Sound quality spectacular. Graphics amazing. And the wake/up sleep modes are very quick with a 2-3 second response time. The laptop wakes up almost instantaneously and I love this. I love the simplicity of the mouse pad without all of the lines and markings delineating right and left clicks - we all know how to use this by now, no? The only thing that threw me with the mouse pad was the pinching and expanding function - much like a touch screen iphone or tablet. Took me a bit to figure that out but it's fine now and I actually like it.I love the internal disc drive and it's quick reading ability. I was able to insert program discs and download them almost immediately. It doesn't have much of a lag time in responding.Also includes 4 USB ports and a card slot for digital media. 750 GB of internal storage is nothing to sneeze at either even though many people are looking for a terabyte this days. I'm good with the 750.One minor thing I had some issues with is Windows 8 and this isn't a reflection on the actual device. Windows 8 is so different than previous versions, it's rather off-putting at first. I'm dealing with it but there's just too much stuff bloating the opening screen. I would never choose about 75% of the "apps" they think are interesting or useful and I haven't quite figured out how to delete a lot of this nonsense. Really, it's completely overcrowded with useless junk. Windows 8 is a work in progress for me at this point but I think it's a bit much, overall.The only other thing I would say is that I was surprised by how thin the power cord is. I'm not sure if this is just how they make them now but it seems like they could have given this a bit more heft. I guess it's a simple thing to replace if necessary so I opted not to remove a star for that.Like I said earlier, I'm not an IT person just a high volume user. As a writer, my laptop is the most important tool I have and I absolutely love this one.Recommend.