I've had this about 3 weeks now.  I don't have a tablet and thought that perhaps this would kill two birds.  It is not as light as a tablet but it is still not too bad on my lap or on a table.  I have been getting used to the touch screen having only owned one on my smartphone before.  I use it mostly in the laptop mode for email as I like to write on the keyboard since I touch type.  I don't find it a problem to reach the 3" from the keyboard or mouse pad to the screen,  which has become my habit for scrolling pages or using swipe gestures.When I first got the Twist I went to the Lenovo site and updated everything so I haven't had any issues some reviewers have mentioned. It took me awhile to get used to Win8 but I am liking it more and more.  It is a good match to a touch screen.I once had an IBM laptop, 13-14 years ago, with the red mouse button thingy in the middle of the keyboard.  But since then have used just touch pads and mice.  I've tried using it again but find it hard to control the cursor speed and direction so revert to the mouse or touch pad.  Or just use my finger on the screen.  So I think I could do without that feature, but it doesn't hurt to have it there.  There are so many ways to interact with this computer that I see new habits forming.I have one complaint/frustration with this laptop so far, which I hope to resolve in the future. Although the screen scrolling and swiping seems flawless, I have had trouble with tapping, often needing to tap an icon 3 or 4 times to get an action.  The manual says to calibrate the screen frequently but I could not find directions for how to do it.  I went online and downloaded a calibration tool for Lenovo even though it said it was for Win7. (Couldn't find one for Win8) When I went to install it a pop up said I already had it on my computer so I did not install and override what I supposedly had.  Well, I have not been able to locate it on my computer.  But right after downloading it,  it popped up on the screen and when I touched the red button in the center it said, "No device found", with no directions about what to do about it.  I haven't seen it since.  Since then I have not put any effort into pursuing this and often find I use the mouse and keyboard buttons for clicking.  It does seem like it is getting better though, which may just be my technique improving.  Some time in the future I will work on figuring out screen calibration again as it is somewhat frustrating to have to go back and forth from the screen to buttons or touch pad, and I cannot do that when it is in tablet mode..One other tiny quibble:  I bought a mini hdmi to regular hdmi adapter, which works fine.  I always hook up to a 32" monitor when I am at home.  But the usb port next to it is so close  that the swelled shape of the adapter pushes against my usb tethering hookup and I have my wireless mouse in the other usb port.  Hopefully the pressure between them won't damage anything.  So next time I would get an hdmi adapter with a little wire on it.  Some usb plugs would probably not fit next to it at all.