I've been using Windows a lot, and a different Open Source OS's for work.  And finally I decided to buy this machine for work and RAW photography processing, since Mac has a great user-friendly and stability reputation. I don't want to worry about computer problems a lot anymore.My expectations were:I - User friendly laptop so I don't worry fixing computer issues instead to be productive. That's why I choose a Mac product.II - Relative fast computer for scientific data processing, image analysis and RAW photography processing. Also for watching movies sometimes. That's why I choose a retina Macbook ProIII - Great portability for travel. This is: relatively small, thin, light and high battery duration. That's why I choose a 13-inch instead 15-inch.So what I found in this computer was:(+):1. Screen, of course... this is a spectacular screen: great for image processing, so that is one point to favor.2. Fast CPU: I use Matlab and Wolfram Mathematica a lot for data processing and image analysis and this computer does the job quite good and fast.3. portability: very thin for the power and also it feels very light. Excellent battery duration (when I was in the train I turned WIFI OFF and I had 10 hour battery duration. With wifi ON could be 7 hours... now I have 12% of max capacity and it says 50min remaining)(-):main disappointments:1. (Hardware Performance) Wifi - Bluethooth problems at first day of use: slow wifi when bluethooth is ON2. (Instabilities and errors) Alias (Mac shortcuts) serious problems caused 50% Mac storage use: I cannot delete the alias after I copy 60Gb of videos and photography to a backup, I'm been reading a lot of forums threads and my problems hasn't been solved yet...3. (Instabilities and errors) It cannot play 60p videos at 60fps, despite it says is a 60hz display: I'm using a Sony HDR-CX260V High Definition Handycam 8.9 MP Camcorder with 30x Optical Zoom and 16 GB Embedded Memory (Black) (2012 Model) and is a pity that I cannot watch my Full HD "high speed" videos (60p) at their original speed in the rMBP.4. edit: (Instabilities and errors) Professional software crashes: I'm using ImageJ and Mathematica (lastest versions for Mac) and I'm experimenting a lot of crashes (OS is fully upgraded). I've been using these softwares and same codes in Windows and I didn't have those crashes... those problems make me lose a lot of time in data analysis...another disappointments:3. (Design) Keyboard may be printed in the screen4. (Hardware Performance) solid state drive is not fast as I expected to be (reboot, copy files, running programs)5. (Hardware Performance) The video card is awful for playing in retina full size, although I knew that and I accepted it... it still been a disappointment. How can this amazing screen has this video card? (I know that I said it was for work but is a temptation to play, for example, Diablo III or Starcraft II or Civilization V)6. Comparing with the Lenovo Z580 (see EDIT)the website loads are a lot slower (using the same WIFI always), also the overall loads and photography processing is slower in the rMBP, since again there are too much pixels to manage...Conclusions: I bought this laptop less than one month ago and I have been dealing with very annoying issues. I'm in a short-term internship in the US so I want to be productive instead dedicating my time to be fixing new Mac laptop issues, for example I have to move about 40Gb of data from an external HDD to the rMBP but I have corrupted files which are using about 60Gb of the 120Gb and I cannot delete them (even with secure delete or terminal or Disk utilities...) . I'm seriously thinking to return this product (I have 2 more weeks for that) and to buy maybe an Asus Zenbook or something similar. I'm quite disappointed.EDIT (talking about the RETURN and what laptop I chose after the rMBP):  I finally returned this laptop for a full refund (thanks amazon), since I had to much annoying wifi, SSD and OSX issues; also the lack of decent performance for an overpriced (US$1614.00) laptop, I believed in apple reputation for the price, but it vanished quickly. Instead of that I bought a Lenovo z580 (Win8, i5 3210M, 8Gb Ram, Intel HD4000 Graphics, 15.6',750Gb Hdd) for $540.00 and it runs great, it doesn't print the keyboard in the screen, the overall performance is much better for me, no crushes, no issues, no inestabilities, a lot faster photography processing, and the WIFI feels faster as well, I almost hear the fan and everything is cool even with high loads of data... Also it has VGA port (that I use a lot for meetings and presentations, 4 USB ports (2x3.0,2x2.0)... I always use 2 (1 for mouse and 1 for external USB 3.0 HDD) and is nice to have some more to connect the camera or colleagues flash drives. Is nice to have ethernet port as well... the max battery life is around 6-7 hours so that's great for the price.  Should I add $1100 for a 120gb SSD (~$100), smaller but retina display? backlit keyboard? lighter? better multitouch trackpad? but less wifi performance, less usb ports, no VGA, no ethernet... Nah... $1100 is too much difference for the same internal performance laptop and some sacrifices! If you want it for more portability, to edit or just watch photography one by one, to brag with friends or just have a astonishing screen for studing, and obviously, if you can afford it... I think this is for you, and now the price is lower. I feel much better now and I saved ~$1100