Let me first say that I consider ThinkPad's to be the Windows (PC) laptop / notebook leader and I have been using them since birth (few days after).  I'm in IT located in Philadelphia region and purchase approx 50 PCs per year for clients.  If you're used to the "old" ThinkPad keyboards which even Mac users will tell ya, were simply unbeatable -- the Lenovo Carbon X1 is NOT in the same vein.  Nearly all the new Lenovo laptops now follow the crappy "separate key" approach to keyboards.  Quite honestly, they're terrible and if it ain't broke...now their keyboard is pretty much the same you get with every other laptop.  Maybe a bit better but NOT what you're expecting if coming from an older X or T series Thinkpad.  That's important because as one reviewer stated, "The keyboard and trackpad on the X1 Carbon are simply the best; even better than my old ThinkPads" -- I totally disagree.  Even the "eraser head" (little red trackpoint used as a mouse that's been on Thinkpads since I can remember) is weak -- it's flatter and lower than what you're expecting if you've become an expert with a ThinkPad and love the ability to touch type with your fingers NEVER leaving the keyboard.  It's really sad (like the Blackberry got rid of the "wheel" years ago) that these companies don't have the courage to stand-by superior design -- as they're worried about being different and it affecting the bottom line.  Ironically, it's so inexpensive to actually offer two keyboard options -- they could go that route, but that's for another post.The X1 is solid but does need tweaking.  The power settings are awful -- so if you're seeing a "gray" low-lit screen -- go to max power immediately -- even when running on batteries.  You'll get approx 3 hours on batteries even with max performance -- and you can use their "Battery Stretch" feature when it starts to hit lower levels.  The screen is good -- ain't amazing -- but more than adequate -- especially considering this thing is amazingly light.  You've got to keep this key point in mind.  This is a 14 inch (not 13.3, not 12, not 11 -- but 14") laptop -- try to find one this light at 14 inches -- so let's compare apples to apples here.  Don't forget that point -- and quite honestly, why else would you buy the Carbon X1 if weight wasn't at the top of your list?  You want a performance powerhouse / desktop replacement -- you go with their W series.  You want inexpensive but Thinkpad performance and reliability, you go with the T series.  You can get a refurb'd or sale unit for as little as $500+ in fact recently I purchased a T510 for less than $600 and it screamed -- plus has the older (better) keyboard.Key Points:2 USB ports, one on each side -- USB 3.0No optical drive -- you'll need to get a USB DVD drive (I got the Samsung on Amazon:  http://astore.amazon.com/rdkint-20/detail/B00DBV28TG)There's video out for your needs:HDMIMiniDP...and video camera:  1.3MP - 720P (with mute function)The keyboard has other issues -- top right is the biggest weakness.  The Home/Delete/End buttons are poorly placed.Trackpad is fine and positioning of left and right click buttons is solid -- what you'd expect.The unit doesn't sit well when on an uneven (even slightly) surface -- the 4 "feet" could be more flexible and "give more" -- would be nice feature -- otherwise the laptop is wobbling -- important in terms of lighter laptops because the extra weight in more conventional units makes up for this issue.Performance is solid but I did notice some stuttering -- I needed to tweak the operating system settings as well as power settings.Overall you're buying this for the weight -- and it doesn't disappoint -- in terms of weight vs power/features, etc. -- this is a 9+.  But don't expect the performance of a high-end T or W-series Thinkpad.I would like to see a 15" unit with a bit more weight because all these vendors are ignoring the power users that need more screen real estate -- but it'll come.  Asus is leading the way along with Samsung and Lenovo typically is a follower -- like IBM, when they owned the brand -- they were never early adopters once in "cash cow" mode.  Lenovo is the same although sometimes they surprise you.Hopefully they will, but until they bring back or offer the keyboard that should have never left their line -- I will always consider other brands such as Asus, Dell, Toshiba, Mac, etc.  Unlike desktops, one simple recommendation -- wait as long as you can before putting heavy cash into a laptop -- remember, smaller means slower and more expensive compared to a desktop unit.  This laptop will be $800 bucks a year from now -- so keep that in mind.Hope this helps!