The computer is sleek and pretty sexy but there are a lot of annoying problems.Pros:1)very light weight and portable2)decent battery life, even for streaming video.3)The power cord plugs in nicely and stays in well, unlike the old dell or HP ones that I'm used to.4)The computer is fun to use in different modes and the physical computer converts to these positions easily.5)The screen is well lit, unlike some of the new Asus comps, and the color is good.CONS:1) The track pad is TERRIBLE. It is by far the worst one I have ever used. I had to buy an external mouse to use because it was so bad. I've used different lap tops over the years and have never had to do this. You click on it 5 times and maybe it reads 2/5 clicks. So it's not sensitive at all.....but yet if it's on my lap and I'm typing my shirt might brush it or something and then it gets confused and has a mind of it's own. There is only one button (no set distinction between right and left click besides a hash mark) but sometimes when I click all the way over on the left side it will still read as a right click and vise versa.2) The speakers are not loud enough, and this is even worse in tablet mode. I might have them on 75%, and if i have a light fan on in the room I can barely hear it.3) The backspace key is small and the home key is right next to it. This is down right stupid. Anyone who is used to hitting backspace in the middle is going to mistype on occasion and hit the home key. This is so annoying. You're going along and trying to backspace and suddenly you are typing randomly at the front of the line again and all the words are jumbled together. My boyfriend downloaded an application for me that makes the "home key" = "backspace" so now when I hit the home key it just works as backspace. But why should I have had to go through the trouble of doing that? People have mentioned having the same problem with some of the other keys as well, such as with the enter key. But I have not personally had a problem with this.4) If you are using anything but the IE app for web-browsing or a windows 8 app the computer will crash/freeze immediately when you switch computer positions (ex: tablet mode to tent mode or whatever). At first I was excited and was switching the computer to a lot of different positions, however, since no other computer does this yet websites aren't ready for it.....so the result? I rarely switch modes because I don't want to screw everything up. This is honestly the most disappointing thing for me because I thought it would be nice to also have a tablet and the way I personally use the computer it's not really reasonable to switch back and forth quickly without risking a browser crash.5)I can't get any internet connection in our second bedroom office space with this computer. My very very old Dell (greater than 5 years old) was able to maintain a connection at that distance from the router without an issue.So what's my true opinion? Even though there are equal pros and cons listed, I have to say I feel like I over paid for this computer to get the "gimmick" of rotating it only to find out that switching positions is not something I'm really be able to do unless I want a browser crash. The track pad is literally intolerable and carrying around an external mouse is pretty annoying. I feel like for the price I paid the basics like the keyboard and the track-pad and the speakers should be outstanding...and at minimum not worse than those on the 5 year old computer I replaced this with (and yes the keyboard, the track pad, the speakers, and the ability to connect to the internet are all worse than a >5 year old Dell that was cheaper than this one 5 years ago!!!!). Stupid me to think that technology has advanced in 5 years.I should also say that I haven't used the webcam but have read lots of complaints about it, so I'm sure that it is also terrible.I wish I'd gone for something a little less sexy and a little more functional and saved myself 400-600 bucks.