Let me preface this by saying I am a long time mac user. I've owned an iMac, Mac Mini, and now this MacBook Pro. All of which I have had great success with. However, apple isn't what it used to be. I've heard large production houses are slowly moving away from mac, but couldn't understand why. Now I know.First off, let me say that initial impressions of this were good, great look and feel, gorgeous display especially when calibrated, decent sounding speakers, and acceptable performance for 4gb RAM, a hard drive, and a dual core. It pretty much ends there.Over the corse of owning this computer (15 months), it has been to the apple store for repair 4 times, all relating to the main hard drive bay, the hard drive has been replaced twice, the cable once. I got tired of all of this shenanigans and decided to upgrade the thing myself. Bad move. While the hard drive and ram are considered "user replaceable" by apple, (they include guides on their website) replacing the hard drive is somewhat of a grey area and from what I was told if you break anything they will void your warranty and apple care. Replacing the optical drive is a huge no-no. I made the mistake of making it obvious that I had. I have a 64gb ssd in the hard drive bay, and moved the hard drive to the optical drive bay (who uses those anyway?). This was after my second visit to the apple store where the sata cable and hard drive had been replaced. This was working fine for almost a year, until roughly a week ago when I started to have the same issue I had before I went to the apple store, a grey screen with a circle and a x through it, indicating no boot drive. Turns out, the connection keeps cutting out. Go to the apple store, and it just works fine that day. That very night, I have the problem again. Take it to the apple store next day, stock and ready to go and I am informed that because I removed "non-user-replacable" parts, my $200 apple care was void. He then proceeded to tell me they couldn't even replace the data cable if we paid for it out of pocket, and that anything that would happen in the future I would have to pay for.$1400 on a laptop and they can't even support they crap they manufacture? I understand I replaced things I shouldn't have, but is all the crap really necessary? I returned it to stock and the issue wasn't even with the optical drive, but the hard drive. This is like buying a computer and a monitor and because you made an upgrade to the computer, the company saying they can't service the monitor. Complete crap. The fact that a company like this is riding on their reputation to carry them through everything and have to sue samsung to keep from going under is sad. The customer service for him to have the audacity to say it to my face that because I chose to upgrade something I own, they can no longer service it even if I pay for it has pushed me over the edge and I have listed every apple product I own on craigslist. Will be officially switching to PC, and never be buying from or recommending Apple to anyone again. No one should have to put up with this after spending that much money on a computer. They know they are a big company and that they don't have to care for anyone, just sell a cardboard box for several thousand dollars and refuse a refund. I can't believe after 10 years of mac use I'm saying this, but I really can't wait until the day Apple goes under. I hope Tim Cook drives it right into the ground.