Pros:1.5 Ghz Quad core processor with Turbo Core (2.4 Ghz)4 GB of RAMMulti in 1 card readerBRIGHT, vibrant, matte finish screenFull sized chiclet keyboard500 GB HDDBluetoothDiscrete class graphics processing unit with 512 MB RAM with HDMI capable of 7.1 audio outputLightMostly ingerprint resistantWebcam and digital microphone arrayEasy access hardware upgrades3+ hour battery life on "full" chargeReal, fully functional restore disc setCan be easily and safely overclockedCons:Some keyboard buttons are a bit small, placement makes editing your typing a chore sometimesTouchpad gets in the way when typingHDD is 5400 RPM instead of 7200Frame around keyboard and screen is not fingerprint resistantBattery configuration is slightly annoyingRestore disc set is one part aggravation3 USB instead of four, no 3.0Optical drive will not read all types of recordable mediaBloatware is partially necessary----------Indepth:1.5 Ghz Quad core processor with Turbo Core (2.4 Ghz) can be overclocked to 2.4 for base speed and 2.6 for Turbo Core...and it's stable! (The free k10stat program is required, but not included.)4 GB of RAM, with one slot unoccupied. Throw in a second stick 4 GB and max out the system to 8 with ease. (This upgrade should be a priority. The full 8 gigs really make a difference.)Multi in 1 card reader (You'd be amazed how much you'll use it. Can also be used to make your spare SD cards function as a ReadyBoost device. (creates a cache to help with HDD read times speed up)BRIGHT, vibrant, matte finish screen with no glare, no gloss to grab fingerprints. Beautiful.Full sized chiclet keyboard with numeric pad, really comes in handy since the Fn key isn't always needed.500 GB HDD is spacious, even with their recovery partition. They even give you partition software that makes it simple and easy to customize your PC.Bluetooth works amazingly well. Grabs a hold of all the signals I've sent it's way.Discrete class graphics processing unit with 512 MB RAM is more than enough power to run Source engine games such as Left 4 Dead at 1366x768 with everything maxed out in the graphics settings, along with 2-4x AA and 16 AF! Even Sega's Sonic Generations and Activision's War For Cybertron can be run at 1024x768 to 1366x768 with medium graphics quality and look gorgeous, with no drops in frame rates.Lightweight. Not a back breaker if carried in backpack, or shoulder bag. Weighs 5 pounds, even!Easy access hardware upgrades with ONE panel and screw to remove. So easy. HDD, RAM and optical drive access in one spot!Real, fully functional restore disc set...with a catch. The Windows disc is factory made and comes in the box. The drivers/software disc must be made by the user, through an easy to use wizard interface.Battery configuration is slightly annoying because of the 80/100 setting. When charged all the way to 100%, the overall life span will diminish like all batteries of this type. You have to go into the BIOS to fully unlock the battery, plus settings in Windows. A real hassle. If you leave it locked at 80% (factory, out of the box setting) it's supposed to ensure long life of the battery.Restore disc set is one part aggravation because the optical drive is picky about which brands it'll use. Philips will not work. Maxell and Verbatim will. Of those that won't, it won't even read them or detect their presence.Bloatware is partially necessary to get full functionality, such as enable/disable of: wifi, touchpad, backlight, print screen key, you get the idea. Without it, many important things will not work. At all.All in all, this is a very powerful system for under $400.00. As is, it's a fantastic multimedia machine. With the mods I made (maxed out RAM, overclocked CPU, Blu-Ray I added) this is a hearty HTPC, with medium to high gaming, that is easily a desktop replacement PC that's portable!I highly recommend it. Fantastic machine.