I originally posted a positive review about this product.  I must have been out of my mind....While I do like a lot of things about this PC, it has had a couple of very specific issues from the day I purchased it, and they just don't seem to be abating.I thought I could live with them, but, I think I've just about had it with the problems I'm experiencing.  After getting fed up today, I decided to check out the forums on Sony's website to see if there were others with similar issues.  It doesn't seem like there is much of a community there, which I take to mean that not many people buy their products, at least computer products.  The other thing I noticed was that everyone that did manage to post, was either blown off by the "support," or was told to follow the same sorts of ridiculously useless procedures again and again, even when they had clearly stated that they'd already attempted such measures.  Overall, it seemed like most people were a bit miserable and didn't have good results with Sony support.  So, I guess I can expect the same thing, when I put the call in soon to make the complaint about my laptop.First off, there is some sort of problem with the touch-pad having a bit of a mind of its own, and it does this frequently and at random.  Others have complained about the same exact issue, even with different models of laptops.  This certainly did bother me for a while, and another reviewer, for a similar laptop on Amazon, posted his thoughts on the issue because he's experiencing the same thing.  In my case, this doesn't bother me so much anymore because I run all external equipment, keyboard, mouse, displays, and speakers.  Everything is wired in, and everything is quality.  I've never had problems with any of my other devices.That said, the issue that is driving me crazy, I can't quite put my finger on.  I'm not much of a computer guy, so I won't try to diagnose it.  In any case, it's completely arbitrary and random, and has happened ever since I first got the thing, with or without devices, running many or few programs, etc.  It happens every single day, multiple times a day, and sometimes continuously.  What I'm talking about is almost a "stutter" or a slight hesitation for very brief but ongoing periods.  Everything will freeze for just a few seconds, and then come back and be fine.  My cursor will freeze and I won't be able to do anything.  If I'm playing music, it'll stutter for the same period.  Then, just as if nothing ever happened, it snaps back to normal.  It might happen a few times in a day, or it might happen over and over again.  Today was one of those "over and over again" days, which is why I decided I'd had enough, posted about the problem on the Sony forums, decided to change my review to warn others, and plan to call support and raise hell.  Granted, my machine is only 5 months old, and I've taken exceptional care of it.  But, honestly, my laptop from last year, an HP, out-performs this one, and it's got a crack in it, due to a body slam I proceeded to give my luggage (containing it) when I missed a flight....By the way, I didn't by it from Amazon, so this in no way reflects Amazon quality assurance, their customer service, or any of the sellers selling it.  However, I only wish I had, because I could have just returned the thing right way without a hassle.  Instead, I bought it from some retail store because I was in a jam, out of state, and had fried my keyboard to my HP.  It was on sale, and seemed like good value, and I needed something ASAP.  However, I've since replaced the keyboard on my HP for ~$20!!!  I only wish I'd known, I might have waited.  And as I said, my HP of old handles more than this thing can manage.  It also doesn't have any idiosyncrasies like this machine does.In my opinion, look elsewhere for your computing needs.I will update though, once I get done dealing with Sony support.  (Also, I don't know if I mentioned, but this thing is currently ~5 months old at this time of writing, 12/1/2010.)