My first laptop ever was a Dell Inspiron, sort of small silver one with several good features, including a DVD drive, for a reasonable price at Wal-Mart. That was four years ago. Apparently, their standard of quality has gone down since then. I ordered it for sentimental reasons, because I had a lot of good memories with that other computer.This one was okay, but it was kind of bulky to carry around, while the other was just big enough for good graphics and to hold a DVD/CD drive but fit comfortably in a backpack. The mousepad, like with most laptops I've used recently, has so many weird features that often you'll use them by a slight wrong twitch of the base of your thumb - sometimes deleting huge chunks of text while writing something important. Of course it has Windows 7, but it's not like Dell can help that . . . Microsoft just put out a really crappy replacement for Windows XP. (XP was great.) And most people love Windows, so . . . I don't fault the company for that.Something was wrong with this computer though. After just about a week and a half, it started shutting down unexpectedly. This happened more and more until it wouldn't stay on for any length of time. I soon realized it was overheating, even when I had it on cool surfaces. I ran diagnostic tests that showed the cooling fan was not operating at all when it was supposed to. Then, when not running tests, sometimes the fan would kick on, but only after the computer was noticeably hot. Since this was my first new computer in a while, I guess I didn't want to believe it was really goofing up quite that badly so soon. Instead of calling the company and trying to get them to fix it, like sending it in to them, I tried to fix it myself. And that was a bad idea.That highlights another problem with this newer model. My old Dell Inspiron back in the day was pretty simple to take open and examine. This thing was a nightmare, and I had to watch some internet videos from someone else's computer to know how to disassemble it without breaking anything. I felt that it had been unnecessarily complicated since 2008, when I bought the other one. I couldn't see what would be causing the fan to run improperly. When I first put it back together, I thought I had done something wrong, because it would not work at all. And then after another week or so I tried it again on a whim and it'll turn on for less than a minute and then just shut off. My self-repair attempt has probably voided whatever limited warranty came with it, and I'm going to see if I can get someone else to work on it.I can't really recommend this computer. During my online searches I found that several other Dell computers have had a problem with overheating over the past several years. I must have just gotten lucky when I bought that one a few years ago that worked so well (and is the best PC I have ever tried - if any PC would be on par with a MacBook, it'd be that one), but this computer was nothing like it and . . . it bit the dust rather quickly. I think any other brand would be just as good a product, and since Dell is apparently notorious for the overheating problem - not recommended.However, it does have a nice monitor, runs smoothly (when not overheating), great CD/DVD drive which you can use for burning discs. And although unnecessarily bulky, it has several USB ports, which is a plus. If you do decide to buy this, back up all your files first and give it a trial period. If something seriously screws up in a short period of time, don't try to fix it yourself. Call the company and ask for it to be fixed or for your money back. This one wasn't worth the price, in my opinion. Even when it was working, it just didn't seem any better than any of my friends' laptops. And my old Dell used to get compliments all the time . . . must have been a fluke. Wish they still made that model, but I haven't been able to find it anywhere online. I found this while searching for the other.