The HP Envy 15" Beats is a fast machine with a clear display.  Even with the recent price reduction, it's overpriced, but the case is nice.  Unlike some, I find the touchpad to be quite usable.  The battery life without a "slice" battery is really too short (1 hr), so plan on getting the extra 2.5 lb. "slice" battery. (Supposedly HP has corrected the defects in the "slice" battery connections.)  The biggest design problem is the absence of an expansion card slot.  If you want to add a Firewire port (also absent) for use with a video camera, you're out of luck.A word about build quality: it isn't there.  Little things like the ethernet port that won't let go of the cable you can cope with, but the keypad that loses keys renders the machine unusable.  This is a bigger problem than you might expect because HP really doesn't know how to repair these machines.  Keep in mind that this is a high-end machine representing the very best that HP is capable of.HP has a reputation for supporting its products (not counting Compaq), which is a reason I chose HP over Dell or Sony.  However, HP's support for its laptops is so bad that I would avoid the HP Envy line and HP in general because of it.A story about HP support.We bought the HP Envy 15" Beats edition a couple of months ago.  About a month ago one of the key caps fell off because of a defect.  Disappointing in a high-end laptop, but not too big a deal.  We called HP, and got through quickly, and they arranged to have the laptop shipped overnight for repair from a local FedEx/Kinko's office at their expense.  So far, so good.  When the machine came back, we found that two keys -- the keys themselves, not the keycaps -- were now misaligned, and the springs were now obviously less responsive than their neighbors.  Also, the HP repair depot scratched up the case.  It was like taking the car in for an air filter and getting it back with scratched fenders and broken fuel injectors.We sent it back a second time, requesting a new keyboard and case to bring it back to original condition.  After a week and a half, they marked the order billable to us because of "customer damage".  Also they discovered a pinched "thermal cable", which could only have been damaged by HP itself.  More delays.  More phone calls. They eventually agreed to pay for the damage they themselves had caused.  A week later the machine came back with new keyboard and case, but now the touchpad is loose.  Still more phone calls.  Will they eventually fix more than they damage?  Who knows?  Their attitude is: you get the minimum the warranty provides.  Tough luck.So, is HP worse than any other laptop vendor?  Probably not, but they are no better either, and they don't deserve a premium price for anything they sell.  If there's one thing to learn from this experience it is to treat the warranty as just as important as the CPU -- it could mean the difference between owning a computer and owning a doorstop.  Oh yeah, and avoid HP.