There is very little information about the Lenovo S405 ultrabook on the Internet. If I had found a review, or even consistent information re: the components, I probably wouldn't have purchased this machine even though it's quite nice in some respects. I'm returning this device to Amazon, but perhaps someone else will learn from my trial-and-error.Appearance: The S405 is a gorgeous looking machine. The exterior is a metallic gray that looks like it could be made of aluminum, but is probably plastic. The interior is a striking jet black. There is nothing glossy or plastic-y about the chassis. It looks and feels expensive, but durable as well. At 3.9 lbs it's heavier than most ultrabooks, but still lighter than most laptops. Its thickest point is 0.8". I would have no qualms about traveling with this slim and sleek machine. A shame the S405's performance doesn't match its aesthetics.Performance: The PDF spec sheet on Amazon lists the graphics as the Radeon 7600M. In fact, it's an integrated 7600G. According to Notebookcheck, the M has a core speed of 450MHz and the G is 320MHz. That's not a huge difference, especially since both are integrated into the CPU, but it's not nothing either. Notebookcheck also says the A8-4555M processor is not a "true quad core" and they place it between the Intel Pentium and i3 chips. The clock speed is 1600GHz, although theoretically AMD turbo boosts it up to 2400. (I don't know when that's supposed to happen.) I went into the power settings and changed it from Balanced to Best Performance, demanding top CPU speed. This improved performance, but not drastically. I had hoped this ultrabook would run Guild Wars 2 on low-medium settings at a playable framerate. After reducing the resolution to 1280x768 and adjusting all the graphics settings to Low the FPS averaged 26. And this was with very little happening on screen. If I had been in a heavily populated area of the gameworld, I predict the FPS would plummet to the teens or single digits. I'm sure the S405's fake quad core processor and integrated low end graphics are fine for web browsing, word processing and video playback, but for its price I hoped this ultrabook could handle a relatively undemanding recent game, especially when its settings were at bare minimum. It can't, which is too bad. Most ultrabooks are far from gaming rigs, but some have the processors to get by with adjusted expectations. The S405 does not.Keyboard: Lenovo bought IBM back in 2005 and their acquisition of the gold standard Thinkpad brand really shows in this terrific keyboard. Responsive keys that don't feel like hard plastic  tiles beneath my fingers. I don't really know how to describe this keyboard except to say it's satisfying to use, although some of the keys (Backspace, right Shift, Enter) are undersized. That didn't bother me too much, nor did the lack of backlight. I appreciated how the keyboard didn't flex into the chassis when I typed in the center, like some laptop keyboards have been known to do. The track pad is generous and functions as well or better than most track pads. (I always use a mouse.)Display: 14" and a resolution of 1366x768, which is typical for ultrabooks. I wish manufacturers would make (at least) 1440x900 the new standard. My archaic Dell Inspiron had a 1680x1050 display, and that was seven years ago. I don't think anyone will be terribly impressed by the S405's display, nor terribly disappointed by it. One caveat: even at its brightest setting, it still seems a tad too dim. But unless you go comparing it side-by-side with other ultrabooks, I doubt the display is going to influence you in any way. It's decidedly average.Additional Information: All the ports are located on the sides of the machine. 2.0 USB x2, 3.0 USB x1, micro SD, headphones, HDMI out, ethernet. There's a 0.3mp/720p webcam. One way the S405 reduces its weight is by omitting an optical drive. The removable battery theoretically lasts five hours, but who can say for certain. Memory is only 4GB and hard drive is 500gb 5400rpm. A lot of ultrabooks are packing solid state drives in addition to regular drives, but the S405 lacks this.I really really wanted to like the S405. It looks so cool with its solid black interior, and svelte build. But the processor and integrated graphics don't meet my needs. If I can't play Guild Wars 2 on it, what would I be using this machine for? Internet and word processing. I may as well get a cheaper ultrabook, or even a chromebook. The S405 doesn't merit its $540 price tag, so back to Amazon it goes.UPDATE Nov/30/2012: I want to update this review with additional information re: this Lenovo model, but until then here is another correction to the PDF file on Amazon's page: This S405 ultrabook does not support Bluetooth.