So your in the market for a new laptop, maybe your a student.  You need something portable, no 17 inch screens here.  It needs to be light, well built, and easy to slip into a bag, for say, a ten minute walk on campus.  But at the same time, you don't want a netbook.  You don't want to squint at an 11 inch screen, type on a cramped keyboard, or put up with hardware that was out of date five years ago.  In other words, you need something that just works, and doesn't complain about it.  Well my friend, the Macbook might be just right for you.  To me, it's the perfect "in between" product: its not so small and underpowered that your overall computing experience is compromised, while at the same time, its not so big, hot, and heavy that its only ever at home on a desk.So what kind of computing is the Macbook built for, exactly?  Its absolutely perfect for your day to day tasks, emails, word processing, web browsing (Hats off to Apple, after you get used to the multi-touch touchpad, every other laptop you touch feels sluggish and outdated)  I'm sure with a serviceable C2D and a GT320, you could get away with some light content creation (Photo/Video editing, etc), but if you plan on using more intensive applications regularly, you'd probably be better off with a MacbookPro, or any number of higher powered Windows laptops.Also worth noting are a couple of the Macbooks other superlative features.  Exceptional battery life for one, I can easily make it 6 hours on a charge, under moderate use, Wifi, max brightness, everything that drains the battery.  Speaking of brightness, the 13 inch LED is spectacular, it's bright without being washed out, colors are vivid and vibrant and despite a relatively low resolution, everything looks sharp.  The overall construction and feel of the device, also, is excellent.  The key's are well spaced and easy to type on.  I also mentioned the touchpad, which combines a glass cover with multitouch to make probably the easiest to use notebook navigation I've ever seen.  The laptop itself is very well built, very light, but still very stiff and solid.  It doesn't feel fragile, in other words.  The bottom can get warm after sustained use, but its also worth mentioning that there are no fan vents, and aside from the HDD spinning up, you won't hear the guts of this machine making a single peep.To sum up, so far I've loved my experience with the Macbook, its perfect for my needs.  Mac OSX fits well on a light processing laptop, and despite modest hardware, for the most part you won't feel it lagging or hanging.  It's worth mentioning that I am NOT normally a fan of Apple.  I will never buy an Iphone, iMac, or a Mac Tower, and I barely use my iPod.  Unlike most Mac users, I am perfectly comfortable using Windows, am a big fan of Windows 7, and i'm no stranger to the unforgiving, enthusiast side of a PC.  I've built PC's before, and my main computer right now is a high end, self built gaming PC (PII955/GTX 480).  In other words, I'm not the normal Apple customer.  But when it comes to a portable laptop that will breeze through every day tasks while providing stability and superb battery life, all wrapped up into that premium hardware/software bundle only Apple can provide, the macbook might just be the only way to go.