The Ugly:I had this laptop for about a month and started to notice that the WIFI was dropping constantly. After many lost hours and days trying to talk to MSI's useless customer service, installing BIOS updates, new drivers, old drivers, smashing my head against the wall, I finally just reset the thing. After that, and some fumbling here and there I have it working well now. It drops now and then but I chalk that up to the networks I am on because I have talked to others that have has some issues with the networks I use...Basically, this was a MAJOR problem that I fixed. It is likely a 1 in a million type deal that you have this problem out of the box so I don't want this to sway your decision on whether or not you get it. I just had to include this for an unbiased review.The Bad:The trackpad. It actually works quite good when it comes to responsiveness and all of the two finger, three finger, and gesture capabilities. The size is great and once you tweak the settings to your liking, navigating the large screen resolution is as good as it should be (though nothing beats a good old fashioned mouse in my opinion).What is bad about it is that it feels terrible. There are two built in click buttons on the bottom of the trackpad, where two separate buttons are on many other/older laptops. This design itself is not an issue but the tolerances they used for it are terrible. The touchpads moves up and down about 1/8" and make a sort of spring noise when released. Then, you push on it the rest of the way to click on the buttons themselves. It works perfectly fine, it just sounds terrible and feels a mushy due to the play in it.The LED Indicator lights are just way too bright on the front of the laptop. The sleep light blinks bright and fast, annoying the hell out of you if you are in a dark room! A piece of electrical tape over 75% or so of the light fixed that. Now I just see the tops of them so they are much dimmer but bright enough for any indoor use. I am very picky about things I own so normally this would bug me but the tape is hidden due to the curvature of the bottom of the laptop so it doesn't bother me.The Good:The keyboard is the best typing experience I have ever had on a laptop. Period. The Steelseries keyboard is so responsive that it even makes the apple keyboards feel mushy. There is no doubt that you have or haven't hit a key. The best part is that it has a number pad, something I use greatly when inputting math problems for college online.The case design, function, and the ergos are all to be expected. It is basically a run of the mill laptop in this regard. Nothing flashy really just decent quality with some nice aluminum on the touchpad area and keyboard outer rim. It is constructed well just not fancy.Gaming: It is a monster. Period. Plays Far Cry 3 at respectable levels. I can pull 35-40FPS on High settings, albeit with most of the aliasing and other graphics settings off. I am by no means a hard core gamer so if you are anything more than a casual gamer you may want to find someone who knows more about the gaming portion of this to give you an opinion on its gaming performance. From what I have read it is better than the Alienware 14 (uncustomized) at gaming...though again it doesn't really concern me.Battery Life:To be expected. 3-4 hours. I wish it were more just because I am very mobile with it but it is a gaming laptop, not a macbook friggin air...It isn't supposed to be good on battery! That being said it wakes up from sleep mode so fast that I have programmed the power button to put it to sleep when pressed and use that to help save a lot of battery when I am not going too look at it for a few minutes but don't want to turn it off either.Notes: For some reason I cannot game with the power unplugged. It will drop the frame rates down to practically nothing. I am told from MSI that all gaming laptops are like this but I don't really know. Realistically, you would get maybe 45-60 min of gaming anyway so it doesn't really seem like it is worth killing your battery for that anyway.Overall I like the laptop. It does the occasional gaming, video editing (it is a monster at video editing)and all of the other homework tasks that I need it to due well. It is the best value PC with these specs of any I can find and for the price you don't really sacrifice much of anything. I can't see someone not liking this laptop if you are in the market for a 15.6" non-ultrabook.