This is my first review on Amazon so please bare with me.I am a college student that was looking for a laptop. And at first I was thinking I was going to get something like a i7 with dedicated Gpu windows computer. But I am glad I didn't!FOR ALL WINDOWS FANS, first of all I want to share that I do not hate windows since I game on my windows desktop that I built myself.But my experience with windows laptops has not been the best. Always had miscellaneous problems with video drivers, screen, touch pad you name it! But I thought to myself that hey! at least I have really good spec laptop. Wrong! once I switched to mac all those things seemed unacceptable! I have now noticed that apple really take their time making their laptops and quality is there as well! Now here are some of my reviews of the specs.Cpu- although its a dual core it has more than enough speed for everyday useGpu- although its a integrated gpu it has more than enough everyday power for regular use. (unless your a gamer, or need the dedicated gpu for high demanding work) , which a lot of us do not need for college.Hard drive - this is the one thing I am considering upgrading for the 5400 rpm speed to a 7200 rpm hard drive since it is a cheap but effective upgrade for boot times and opening apps.Ram - this I am not even considering upgrading since this ram is fast and 4GB is more than enough for everyday use. The only reason I would upgrade is if I would be running many apps at the same time.Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous. I will also say it is much better than I expected! Since the contrast of colors makes it seem so crisp! I would go as far as saying the colors and contrast is better than some pc laptops with higher res screens.Cooling design- I also think this is better since MB's do not has fans under and on the sides where when you have it on your lap it will suck in a considering of dust. The mac-book's cooling system is made in a way where you can actually consider it a LAP top.Other things like DVD-RW drive was my deal breaker to get the non-retina pro since I need it.Also the network plug is a plus since if you do not have reliable wifi it will come in handy!Back-lit keyboard which also was a must and is am glad to say it is very good.Speakers- are the one thing I miss from my windows laptop. Since these are loud enough if there are no loud obstructions near you, but do not let throw you off because they are fine for moderate noises for example: at starbucks.Touchpad- this is the most profound thing that makes any other touchpad inferior and make it feel way ahead of it's time! Makes web browsing a breeze and switching either from windows, to desktop or anything a breeze!This laptop is light enough to carry in your backpack the whole day. Has a nice aluminum finish, but I considered getting a sleeve and case to ensure I would not damage or scratch it.If you need the extra performance I would strongly urge you to get a 15" MBP since they have the added dedicated Gpu, i7 Cpu, and better speakers.If you need a windows operating system for a app then I would urge you to partition your hard drive for both os systems since you will still use mac os much much much more!All in all many people (like me) think they need a high spec laptop for school which is not true! I would strongly urge you to try out a macbook! It made me switch and I am sure you will too!