For a business notebook that's used to being driven down from heavy use and passed down over layers of management, this unit is surprisingly resilient!  But with today's applications, you might seek something beefier if you planning on running alot of programs.I am big on the feel of a notebook, and its design is nice.  Before this I had a Vista era Dell, and it felt plasticky and creekier than the inspiron I had had several years before it.  This has a brushed aluminum finish, which just feels more solid, which business users will appreciate, even if it's just in your head.  And I think you'll find it's not all just in your head.  It's been built around a lightweight metal skeleton that lends it rigidity and durability. If you believe HP's product testers, the 8440p should survive repeated drops from 30 inches, heat up to 160 degrees, dust, humidity, and up to 300 pounds of weight on the lid.  And get this, the keyboard even has a drain in the bottom to funnel spilled drinks away from the electronics and straight through the bottom. Everyone spills drinks, but I think it's safe to assume business users are even more prone, what with our lattes and limited desk spaces.This unit really excels at how many ports it has.  Besides the usual three USB ports, you'll find an additional eSATA/USB for faster devices, a FireWire port for compatibility with many Mac-centric accessories, an ExpressCard port for upgrades, an Ethernet jack and even a modem, god forbid. It has SD and other formatted cards, which many peripherals are doing these days. The front includes a standard SD/MMC card reader, and you'll find both analog VGA and digital DisplayPort outputs on the back for video.One cool little thing is an LED light above the monitor for nighttime situations.  It might not be the most powerful, but it does the job, and it's easy to find.  On other models that have an LED lit keyboard, you often have to locate it in the dark, to turn it on.  Which sort of defeats the purpose.The unit has both a traditional trackpad and the less popular "nub" buried in the center of the keyboard. Whenever possible I use a traditional mouse because of my role is very graphic/visual in nature, and I don't have time to mess with a trackpad.  It is multi-touch which makes scrolling so much easier when I need to though.Mine did not come with a webcam, so I can't speak to it, although I've read some reviews that have said the model on this one is exceptional, and doesn't look like the typical creepy guy broadcasting from another planet over dial-up.The 14.0-inch LCD on the EliteBook comes in a 1366 x 768 resolution - about average. It has a matte finish versus a glossy, so although not quite as bright and vibrant (but hey, it's a work machine), it delivers better overall usability in a variety of situations like offices to park benches, trains and airplanes. Best of all, it cranes 180 degrees.This unit comes equipped with an Intel Core i5 2.4GHz CPU, and while one day there was probably little that made it pause, I've found that by the software standards of today, I seem to start getting lag if I keep it powered on for a couple days.  I'm a graphics and web designer, so it's not uncommon for me to have Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Illustrator and Fireworks CS6 all open at the same time, in addition to the usual IE, word and excel.  It's safe to say I don't bloat it with cookies and registry modifications as I mostly use it at work.  So if you do purchase this model you might invest in extra memory.The Intel Graphics Media Accelerator HD rather than a discrete GPU from Nvidia or ATI inside, it's nothing to hem and haw about, but as a work machine, it really doesn't need to be.  Even though I do what I do, I'm not typically doing anything "motion" related, so it's fine.One good thing is, this unit is largely ready to go out of the box, and free of bloatware.  Even alot of HP's own additions, which I've struggled with in the past with printers and camera's, have been filed away in a folder named HP.  Another handy feature is HP's Power Assistant utility. It makes it easy to uncheck extras like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth from one central control panel, and tells you how much you'll save with different settings. For example, did you know that switching off Wi-Fi only saves about a tenth of a watt, for instance, while jumping from "mobile" to "high performance" will rack on nearly an extra five. Still, it easily will shut off such features for you which I find alot easier than Windows' increasingly complex Control Panel.HP advertises battery life of up to six hours and 30 minutes, but I've never gotten that. Usually I'm lucky to stretch battery life over four hours, and with high performance, you're looking at more like three. Chances are the typical user isn't going to be away from a wall outlet that long, but I could see some international flights posing a problem.Not surprisingly, the speakers aren't that great.  But unless you're in your hotel room unpacking or cooking, you have no business using laptop speakers to listen to music anyway; you should be connecting it to a receiver or headphones.There are a couple other perks, like a fingerprint reader, and I always love HP's decision to have backlit icons next to the keyboard showing you  which options are activated, such as caps lock, wifi, and speaker controls.