Just received mine and finished going through setup.  Not too much crapware installed.  Nice option during setup to set partition sizes.Out of the box Windows Experience Index: 5.9.Processor: 7.5RAM: 7.6Graphics: 6.1Gaming Graphics: 6.1Hard disk: 5.9I wish the arrow keys were a bit larger - maybe 3/4 size (if not full size) instead of the 1/2 size that they are (on the other hand, I need to remember that the numeric keypad does double duty with full size navigation keys).  I would have preferred to have power connection in the rear rather than the side.Update Dec 13: The wifi antenna is giving me noticeably worse performance than my previous laptop.  Working from the same chair, my 5 year old Dell D620 was getting link speeds of 36-48Mbps.  This laptop is getting 5-18Mbps.  Loss of 1 star.Update Dec 14: There's no BREAK key on the keyboard!  This forces you to use the mouse to enter/leave full screen remote desktop (instead of ctrl+alt+break).  No ctrl+break either. The touchpad is taking some getting used to.  It produces an audible click, but the force required to produce the audible is less than the force required for a mouse click to actually register with the OS - need to see if that can be adjusted.  The display has an ambient light sensor near the delete/home/end/page-up/page-down keys.  Using those keys causes the display to dim.  Disable the sensor via the easy settings apps.Figured out the problem with the touchpad. It has a deadzone that is about 3/4" inch long by 1/2" tall.  The deadzone is located on the left half of the bottom edge.  The right-half works fine for right-click.  Left-click is a bad experience. No clicks are ever registered in that zone even though the pad does make an audible click.The external power supply isn't too large.  But it makes a heck of a lot of noise even though it is on the floor underneath a table.  I thought I was hearing clicking of disk drive head movement.  Nope, the power supply makes a staticy-clicking sound whenever I alt+tab between windows.  That sound is also made when using arrows keys to move up and down lists or when using the mouse to reposition scrollbars.The bottom of the laptop is very smooth/slick.  Keeps sliding around on my legs and requires that I apply downward force with my palms.  I'll need to put some textured tape on the bottom.Starting to regret this purchase...Update Dec 15:  The deadzone on the touchpad is getting smaller.  But the lower right corner of the touchpad feels like it has gotten a flat tire.  It is now noticeably lower than the rest of the touchpad and right-clicks are more difficult there as there is almost no travel left for clicks.I now understand what the other reviewer wrote about jumpy cursor.  The problem is due to the deadzone.  When I do full left-right sweeps on the touchpad, it is very responsive except over the deadzone.  Then the cursor hiccups - it doesn't jump, it just stops moving, then starts moving again when my finger makes it to the other side of the deadzone.I really want to like this machine (all the features are there and the form-factor is fantastic - 1600x900 in a small 15 inches), but the wifi performance and touchpad durability/performance are killing it for me.  Maybe this will also turn into a review of Samsung repair service.Got AutoHotKey to map CapsLock to Break.  Search for the "How to add a Pause/Break key to a keyboard that doesn't have one?" question at superuser com.At every new user session, there are like 4 or 5 samsung apps (battery, easy settings, harddisk, ...) that require UAC elevation when you login if using a standard Windows account.  Administrative accounts are only prompted 2 or 3 times.  All of these apps are scheduled tasks that are triggered by login.And the wifi performance still stinks.Update Dec 17:  I like the display and hardware (other than the wifi and the busted touchpad).  I'll buy a new router to see if wifi performance improves.  The touchpad will need repair, but I don't want to part with it quite yet.  The dmhkcore.exe app that provides oem fn key functionality does not work properly with standard user accounts.  It needs to be terminated and then restarted with admin privileges in order for fn+(f1, f2, f3 or f12) to work correctly (the other fn key combinations do work without admin privileges).Update Dec 20:  I got a new Netgear WNDR4000 dual-band N router (the old Linksys router did G).  Wifi link speed improved but is still on average lower than my old laptop from my working position (read that as: the N performance of my new laptop is slightly lower than the G performance of my old laptop).  If I move about 12 feet closer to the router, then I start to see what N is really about.Update Dec 21: I checked out the B model that was on display at Best Buy.  The touchpad is the same but that one did not have the deadzone that mine has.  It does have a similar flat-tire right-click area.Update Jan 6: check out the samsung forum over at notebookreview dot com.Update Jan 18: This laptop does not support OpenGL running on the AMD graphics card.  See the forum over at notebookreview. /samsung/630666-series-7-chronos-all-:models-push-samsung-implement-fixed-mode-bios-23.html#post8247924 and /samsung/630666-series-7-chronos-all-models-push-samsung-implement-fixed-mode-bios-23.html#post8248124Update Feb 17: OpenGL issue is resolved with just released drivers.  I removed the 4GB stick and replaced with 8GB - now I have a total of 12GB.  Nice.