I've been on the fence about getting a Chromebook for a while now. I almost got the Samsung Chromebook last year when it came out, but decided that the 2 GB of RAM was just slightly not enough for my needs despite the other reviews saying it was adequate. Before purchasing the Chromebook, I used my 3rd generation iPad as my secondary device. Although I really liked my iPad, when it came down to typing anything or doing any serious multitasking, it didn't do well. With the C720 coming out, I went ahead and purchased one. Since I've gotten the Chromebook, I am using my iPad less and less because the Chromebook can do everything I used my iPad to do and in most cases it does it better. It's important that people DON'T confuse the Chromebook as meant to be a full computer replacement (although I'd imagine for some people it could be). The Chromebook is meant to be a great secondary device, like a tablet that is hopped up on caffeine and 'roids. It actually has usable USB ports and an HDMI out which puts it in a weird league between a tablet and a full fledged laptop. It will certainly replace my iPad as my secondary device.The Good:The keyboard and trackpad are more than adequate. Still a thousand times better than NO keyboard on a tablet.It comes with 100 GB of Google Drive storage for two years which is AWESOME.4 GB of RAM is really, really good for a device like this. When I'm doing pretty heavy browsing, I'm using about 2.5 GB at a given time. I don't think I broke 3 GB yet, so there's plenty of headroom.On the note of the RAM, this thing is insanely fast. It boots ridiculously quickly. Everything's very snappy and optimized.The battery life is quite good. I have no issues getting a whole day out of it with plenty of battery life to spare before I bother to plug it in.The screen is OK. The pixel density is pretty decent as it's pretty small. I wish the vertical viewing angles were better, but it's certainly passable. Horizontal viewing angles are totally fine and brightness is quite good.The Bummers:When plugging the Chromebook to a TV through HDMI, it defaults to an extended display. This is generally fine. This becomes a bummer if you want to switch it back to a mirrored display. The problem is, when you mirror a display, this Chromebook refuses to get the resolution right AND I CANNOT FATHOM WHY! I'm plugging in the Chromebook to a 16:9 TV. The Chromebook has a 16:9 display. When mirroring, it mirrors a 4:3 signal to both screens. WHAT? WHY?! I wouldn't even care if the TV upscaled the 1366x768 Chromebook native resolution, as long as it mirrored properly! I haven't the foggiest if this is a Linux shortcoming, an Intel graphics shortcoming, or an Xorg shortcoming. It's kind of irritating. However, this is nit-picky and it EXTENDS displays flawlessly, but that now involves me dragging over the window playing video to the TV which is an extra step.Now, as I'm watching a video, I naturally want to dim the display as much as possible as to not distract myself from the big screen. When you set the dimness down ALL the way, ChromeOS think it's smarter than you and turns off that display. Which is smart to save power, but then is irritating as surely the video you were watching on the TV has now been buried under the other windows you had on your Chromebook's display and now you have to bring it back to the top as the TV has become the Chromebook's only display. This is why I prefer just to mirror displays. This is actually genuinely annoying. I hope that this can be fixed in a software update in the future.It's also a bummer that Chrome OS doesn't include any sort of built-in network sharing that I could find. Certainly nothing by default in the Files app. By this, I mean I cannot access shared media on my network such as movies from my NAS, Mac, or PC. There IS Plex but that's weird to set up and doesn't work nicely in my limited experience. I gave up on it because this wasn't that much of a big deal to me. If I can be bothered, I can always install Xubuntu on the Chromebook and have Network sharing that way. On the note of network video sharing, the Chromebook cannot play purchased iTunes movies because it isn't compatible with Apple's FairPlay DRM. This is a bummer, but isn't the fault of the Chromebook in any way. Blame the big video studios that insist that DRM still exist.Overall, I really like my Chromebook, and for the price, I really cannot complain too much. You get FANTASTIC hardware for $250, and the Google Drive promotion makes it really hard to beat. If you were thinking about getting a Chromebook and fully understand what its purpose is, I say this is a fantastic value. I think I actually want a Chromecast now, too.....