This laptop is really good. Like totally great. The screen is alittle smaller than normal 15.6 inch laptop. It does not overheat unless you do super hardcore gaming. I gamed a few decent graphic game the first time and it heated up near where your palms are leaning on, but after 4-9 games it stop getting warm. My laptop froze about 3 times and im still trying to figure out the cause of it. The only thing I can think of is that it is chrome. Freezing happened to my last laptop when I had chrome. It loads up in 3-4 sec, then log in. after logging in, loads up another 3 sec. In reality of it, you only have 22 gb free of solid state drive. and the other is like 800 gb. I don't know where the rest of the gb went. I dont mind I guess. I use an external hard drive. This is my first time using windows 8 and its different but im getting use to it. Honestly in my opinion, technology is changing so mind as well catch up with it. no need to stay with the window 7 . I always keep my laptop plugged in and not use the battery so i couldnt tell you how long it last. Info: if you are playing at home or using at home. plug the laptop in without the battery in the laptop, that way you arent overcharging your battery. I also use an external fan pad under the laptop and it stays nice and cool.The laptop also comes with a program that has an auto control for your fan so you can dust out the interior of your laptop. I thought it was pretty cool. It's under the energy management program.Shipping? I was irritated when my laptop came to my house. It was shipped how you buy a laptop at bestbuy or fries and it comes in a laptop box. Well,,, my laptop came to my house in a LAPTOP BOX, and by UPS. So you know, if I wasnt at home, someone knows that oh hey, you got a laptop in front of your house and no one is home. I can steal it. get it? So if you're expecting this laptop, I suggest you stay home the day you get it, or you gonna get jacked.Pros: fast, screen quality is clear, font size is small.Cons: Freezes at times.Update: Apparently Lenovo warranty does not cover software issues. Lenovo warranty only covers hardware issues. and one day fix for SOFTWARE is 89.00. yes, thats right, 89 dollars for one day fix and it covers you for your laptop not breaking down for only 3 days. yup, 3 days only. My laptop freezes and starting to have a black flickering screen and turned black. I dont know but I hear some models have this issue about leaving it on for awhile then when u do something, the screen turns black and flickers when u move the mouse.