(Note: I bought my 64GB T100 over at Newegg, as they had some in stock mid-last week.)--Pros---Excellent value for the money-Battery life is good for a workday-Usable x86 in a 10" tablet!-Doesn't get hot, even under heavy use-IPS screen with good colors and viewing angles-Speakers can be very loud, if a bit tinny; impressive for its size-Reasonable weight, slightly lighter than a 4th generation iPad-Clicks into keyboard easily & securely, easy to remove as well-Charges via standard micro USB; any 10 watt (2 Amp 5 Volt) AC adapter will do so no expensive propriety charger required if you want a spare or two.--Cons---Some serious software troubles at first, see the rest of the review-Screen and back of tablet are fingerprint magnets-Only 35GB usable storage after Windows, Recovery partition and Office-Touchpad on the keyboard is awful in almost every way-Questionable build quality on the keyboard dock-Very slow recharge time-Included micro USB cable is only 3 feet, I use a 6ft kindle cable insteadSo I've had my T100 for about about two days now, and its been interesting.  Overall I really like this guy.  However, I did have some major software problems during day 1.  I'm going to cover them first before giving my impressions on actually using it.-------------------------------Everything was going swimmingly, I had activated Office and installed all my basic programs via Ninite and had a couple games downloading on Steam.  I went to close the lid and put it to sleep like normal.  When it came back up it started acting like the Win key was on turbo mode, continually switching back and forth from the desktop to the start screen.  I ended up having to Ctrl-Alt-Del and forces a reboot, but things got even worse after that.  It got stuck in a reboot cycle giving the same blue-screen error (can't remember what it was specifically).Eventually I did a hard shut down by holding down the power button for 30 seconds, then tried booting it up again.  That's when it did something really weird.  You know the startup screen Windows 8 has when you start a new machine for the first time, where it goes "Preparing your apps" and "Getting ready" or some such while rotating the background color?  It started doing that.  I could get to the Ctrl-Alt-Del screen and try to reboot, but it would just sit on the Win 8 preparing screen.  Very very strange.Long story short, I looked up the manual (Protip: F9 in post to get to Windows recovery) and did a full system reset back to factory.  Its a day later so far and I haven't had any other software related issues, though I will be sure to update this review if anything else happens.Its also worth noting a few professional reviews I had read also mentioned having similar troubles when first getting a T100, but they eventually subsided.-------------------------------So!  How is it otherwise?  The battery life was good enough to take me through an 8-hour shift with 25% remaining, and that was being on almost the whole time, web browsing with the screen at full brightness.  For the most part its pretty snappy, running Chrome and a few other programs at the same time without any delays.  Metro apps also run very swiftly, able to multi-task with no trouble.  I haven't tried any games on it, but it seems pretty capable of low-fi indie games and even some 3D rendering without too much trouble.  The keyboard is cramped, but its very usable with some practice (this coming from a 6" tall gentleman with large hands).  The trackpad is awful with poor tracking and a terribly loud click, but I use a bluetooth mouse or the touchscreen anyway when using it in netbook mode, so not that big a deal for me.I would've liked to have a few more ports in the keyboard, like a second USB port or a full-size memory card slot.  One must make compromises at this price point I suppose.  I stuck a microSD card in, and while its not flush with the casing it does stay out of the way so I don't worry about accidentally popping it out.  Its also a little annoying that the finishes on the tablet and the keyboard do not match.  I would've much preferred having the matte plastic from the keyboard on the tablet as it is a smudge magnet.  Also, there's a slight amount of lag when you push the power button before it wakes up, sometimes as much as a second.  Just a minor annoyance, but worth noting.Overall, I take off one Star for the software issues.  Hopefully Asus can get their quality controls to take care of these problems going forward, because once its up and running this guy is a fantastic compromise between size and battery life while haven't a good display and fantastic performance for the price.---1 Week Later Update---No more software problems to report since that first day.  I've been taking it to work with me daily and using it as a tablet in bed.  Battery life has remained strong and its able to get me through a full 8-hour shift at work.  While not a big deal for a tablet, not needing a power brick is extremely convenient for keeping an AC adapter handy for an x86 machine.  I'm  still really not keen about the glossy finish on the tablet, but oh well.  In netbook form it sits nicely on a flat surface, but it is a little top-heavy and may balance backwards a little in the lap; not enough to fall over or anything, but it seems to want to stay parallel to the ground to be balanced.  Overall I'm still giving it 4 stars because those day-one software issues were extremely annoying and would've prompted a less tech-savvy person to simply return it.