Can't speak to all units as there are some good reviews on here, but I can speak to what I've experienced.Purchased new 1/1/2011 on sale for $300.  I recognized the validity of getting what you pay for but as this was a first laptop for my daughter I was ok with that.(note; this was not purchased through Amazon)Ran ok for a couple months.  By ok I mean extremely slow and very lengthy boots.  I chalked this up to being a $300 machine.In May it died and would not boot.  I went through Lenovo's repair service as requested, starting online.  It showed that I'd never registered the machine.  Actually, it was the first thing I did upon bringing it home and starting it up the first time.  So, I went through registration again.  Couldn't get it done via webapp so I emailed customer care and got a laundry list of information they requested to register it.  Oh, by the way, their customer care is handled in Asia, going by the time over there.  I would receive replies around 2am my time and by the time I'd get up in the morning to answer them, it took at least another couple days to get replies back.  In each reply a new piece of information was requested.  Finally, it came down to invoice #.  I'd lost the original receipt but was able to get a copy from the retailer via email.  I emailed that to Lenovo.  I had been told once they received it, all was good.  So, imagine my surprise when a week later (we were into July by now, the Lenovo agent who began with me "went on vacation" so I received no replies during that time, then when he came back it was handed off to another agent) I get an email back saying they want the receipt but now stamped with the reseller stamp.  Mind you, I'd sent in an pdf of the invoice that had the reseller watermark on it along with every other bit of info.  At any rate, the best I could get out of them was warranty coverage not from the day of purchase, but from the day of manufacture, August 21, 2010 (lost a full 5 months).Finally, I was allowed to call in for repair service.  The call was answered very quickly but only for me to spend the next 15 minutes listening to the rep try to sell me an extended warranty.  I tried every way of telling him politely that I was not interested in that, only in getting this machine in for repair.  It literally got to the point of me having to yell at him for him to understand.  The offer was made that if I pay for extended service they would cover the $21 shipping.  No thanks.Machine was sent in and received back quickly; within 2 weeks (only indication of problem was one word on the return invoice: memory.  Ran great for about a week then BSOD upon launching any browser.  By this time the warranty had expired.  We tried everything but the BSOD's only increased in frequency.At this point, we have reformatted the drive and are reinstalling Windows 7 Home Premium 32bit.