When I read some of the reviews for this product, I was a little discouraged from purchasing this notebook. I received it today and I can definitely say that the negative reviews are from people that are very picky! For the price, this notebook is a quality piece of technology! The only issue I have is the lack of a better quality screen, but it is something that can be easily looked over. The WIFI is not causing me any problems at this point, but will update after I have used it for a couple of day! IT IS A VERY NICE PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE!**********UPDATE************What's up AMAZON Costumers? I did a short typed review on the Acer V7-582p-6673 a couple of weeks back the day I received the product. I see know that I was not very clear on the review of this product and I apologize for that, but I had only had it for a day! I am now doing a video to show how great the webcam is and a more in-depth review. The first V7 I received it had to go back that night, because I received what is called a lemon. Which in short terms, means a bad product out of a group of perfect ones. I contacted Amazon and they had one shipped to me over night, so I was without a computer for less than 24 hours! Which is GREAT Now that I have had this Acer V7 for a couple of weeks I can now do an in-depth review! First, the positives of this products! First things first...it's beautiful! The sleek metallic lined cover is very professional with a hint of coolness to it. The inside is the same color, just not as metallic, but still very nice. Second....The keyboard has Chiclet keys, which are small flat keys that are separated for comfort. Some people will give this a negative review, due to the fact that they are used to high raised keys that have highly notable pressure points to know exactly when you are hitting the keys. I myself do not have a problem with this keyboard at all. I actually put it in the positive review because of the key style and them being well responsive keys. The third positive review is the touch screen! IT IS HARD TO SAY MORE THAN IIII LOOOVE IIIIITTTT! If you have a tablet or don't having a touch screen is awesome especially with windows 8. (Hint: Windows 8 is a lot simpler with a touch enabled computer than one that is not.) More on Win. 8 later. The touch screen comes with handwriting to text recognition, which is almost scary, how well it reads your handwriting. You can quickly scribble a word or words and it will pick it up pretty fast. If you can't get it to...just click the word and choose which you would like. The software will learn your handwriting after using it for a while. Now the next is the middle line of positive and negative. WINDOWS 8!!! If you know Microsoft, they come out with a crazy, lake of a better word, o s then the next is awesome! Even though people hate windows 8, it is quite fun and easy to use when you get used to it!!! There are hundreds and hundreds of apps, software, and games that barely take of space, but are powerful that are awesome! It my opinion the free stuff is better than the paid. Second the disk drive...or lack thereof! This is not really a negative, but not a positive either. Thanks to streaming, downloading software, and other ways to push disks/cds/dvds into the past, you really do not a cd/dvd player anyway! If you really want one...pay 10 dollars and get a really nice USB one from AMAZON!!! I USE IT AND IT IS GREAT! The last middle of positive and negative reviews is the resolution! For a nice touch screen computer that can run pretty good games...which people say it is not good for but I disagree? PORTAL BTW RUNS GREAT! The system does not have the best resolution! When you are used to a 1080p screen... and then receive a computer with (what the companies call 1366*768) it is not as great...GO FIGURE! What people don't understand is the (I) and (p) after the second resolution number. The native/recommended highest resolution 768 is actually 720i! Which is higher than 768!!! It is close to 720p, but for those that are really picky...they will notice it. When most people...me being a gamer, with a PS3 and a desktop that can play any game at the highest graphics...I just needed a simple computer for school. So the resolution is just fine! AND LAST! People that complain about connection drops from the internet...I have no idea what these people are talking about! I have not had one drop that's is even before the 52 updates it needed upon opening the box!!! So...GET THE COMPUTER!!!! To sum up....ITS THIN....LIGHT....BEAUTIFUL...FUN...ALL AROUND GREAT COMPUTER!!!!