Overall:Outstanding product! A Definite Winner for Acer! To me, this is the perfect rival to the MacBook Air (essentially the same size/specs) but at $850 instead of >$1200, it's a no brainer. The only objective flaw is the battery life runs 4 hours.I upgraded from a MacBook Pro to this Acer Aspire S7, and I'm glad I came back to the PC world. I think Microsoft has responded extremely well to the heat and pressure Apple has been placing on it over the years. These new ultra-thin Windows 8 powered machines popping up everywhere are testament to how serious they are about getting back on top. This particular Acer just felt perfect on my fingers when I went to check it out at the Microsoft store. I fell in love with it and had to get it.Pros:Extremely light at 2.6lbs, ultra-sleek and thin, fast and effective for my purposes, and excellent resolution and touch screen.- It's got a very professional, strong, and sleek silver finish.- It comes with an ACER leather carrying case which was an unexpected added bonus for me- It's extremely thin and light, sometimes, I can't even feel it in my bag when I'm carrying it.- With its 128GB SSD harddrive I'm both satisfied with enough storage space and extremely fast boot time. I clocked it at 11 seconds from completely shut down to completely loaded.- If you have it on sleep mode, it's an instant on if you flip open the lid.- The Intel i5 processor is quick and efficient enough for my purposes:- I use Outlook, Excel, Powerpoint, chrome (with an average of 5-6 tabs), and spotify. I run these pretty much all the time at the same time and this machine has not shown any lag whatsoever. Very smooth, quick, and responsive.- Windows 8 has grown on me and I don't find myself missing the Mac OSX at all.- It comes with a complimentary wireless bluetooth mouse (also another added bonus I didn't expect)- The screen is excellent. Resolution maxes out at 1920x1080 for an extremely sharp and crisp experience. Movies/Hulu/Netflix are great- The touch screen feature is also neat. Great for using it as a pseudo-tablet when you want to. I use it mostly for some random game apps, Netflix, or for quick navigating through my start menu charms.- Alot of these ultra-thin computers from other brands can feel awkward when typing with keys placed awkwardly, but this Acer's got everything in the right place. I'm never having to retype things and constantly backspace because of accidentally hitting the wrong keys. The placement of things like delete/home/page-up/page-down is very intuitive and natural.- The trackpad (when you're not using the bluetooth wireless mouse) is excellent too! It's a single trackpad that clicks at the inferior edge for right/left click, it's able to track up to 3 fingers and can perform all kinds of quick tasks (much like the Macbook trackpad)Cons: All minor and may not apply for your needs- I've had this machine for about 4 months now and one of the only things I don't like is that the white outside screen case can get dirty with fingerprints easily but it's got a nice strong/glossy finish so once you clean it, it looks fine. I believe there's a model that comes in a silver/matte finish, which I guess I would have preferred.- Battery life has averaged 4 hours for me- with the new processors and battery designs on the market that go for about 8-12 hours, this may be an issue if you're the type of user that sits for longer than 4 hours without a charge.- Camera is not the highest resolution for video chats/picture takingIf you're looking for an upgrade, this one is hard to beat. Great specs, great size/weight, and most of all, incredible price at ~$850. You won't find this kind of quality in this size/package with these specs anywhere else. Definitely not at Apple. At least as of 3 months ago when I was looking at these head to head, the MacBook Air 13.3" had the same size hard drive, processor, screen size, and weight, and was priced at $1200 and I couldn't justify that wasted money. I couldn't be happier with this product.Stay tuned for a video review addendum to demonstrate some of the awesome features coming soon!