I now have an apple computer and finally see what people see in them.  They are great and seem to be able to do just about anything.The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad.  It does just about everything an iPad does except a forward facing camera BUT adds the feature of having a keyboard.  Yes it is bigger, requires a little more time to startup but I believe that the keyboard and actually having a real working computer make up for those two things.  You use the pad on the computer instead of on the screen on the iPad but they seem to work exactly the same.  Try typing on an iPad and then on one of these computers.  No comparison.  Until screens are developed enough on iPads to allow for quick data entry they will never be more than a viewing machine.  Not that that is bad but it is limited.A word of advice, when installing hardware like a printer or additional monitor DO NOT use the disk that came with them.  I did for my epson printer and that required me to call epson and they had to help clear out what had been installed.  Apparently this computer is smart enough to recognize just about any piece of hardware.  It also recognized my viewsonic monitor.The screen is clear, the keyboard lights up, you have the ability to upload your software to the cloud so that you can safely access it later.  It has the ability if you let Apple to locate it if it gets lost or stolen.  It does automatic backups either to the cloud or a drive or a stick storage.  Dang I think this computer is neat and very powerful.  It is even spell checking as I type here.BUTIt is expensive, with applecare, microsoft office and a vga adapter it ran almost $2k.As neat as this computer is do I need all this power.  If you are a student or employee that has schedules, needs to take notes or just needs to use all the very useful and very powerful tools that are included then I can see it for you.  Me, I am a physically broken 68 year old whose dell computer broke on him.  I use it for getting on the internet, playing games, watching a few movies while on the go and lastly to do a few spreadsheets and write some letters.  This computer is way overkill for me.  Will I keep it?  Sure, it does all that I want.  If Dell had been more helpful than I probably would have bought another one.  But since they weren't and I have always wanted to try an Apple I got this.If you really want to buy an Apple, I would suggest that you buy it here on Amazon, or a least another site like it.  You can buy the hardware, software, Applecare warranty and accessories.  It is cheaper here than from Apple.  A fact that I learned after calling apple and ordering from them.