I had been using a Toshiba Satellite 105 computer for about 8 years until I bought this a week ago. Since windows XP was no longer going to receive updates, I decided to upgrade.  I researched online, compared lots of products and decided on an i5 processor because I do not do any video or picture editing, nor do I do gaming on my computer. I decided on 8 gigs of ram because I noticed the price difference between that and 4 or 6 gigs was not drastic and as it helps run processes better, why not. The screen size and resolution are excellent, it has a built in camera (it will be nice for skyping with my parents who live in a different state) and the an excellent feature that I did not know it came with was that it has a cooled palm rest area. The cooled palm rest would not have been a make or break deal for me with it, but it was a more than pleasant surprise. The touchscreen is responsive and easy to use like the one on my iPad, this feature was also not a make or break feature but compared to other models that did not have it, it was essentially free at this price. Also, it came with a Terabyte hard drive (1000 gigabytes), which to be honest is probably more space than I'll ever need but I do take and store a lot of family pictures.The only con that I have with the computer and I can not even fault the computer for this is the operating system. It does come with windows 8.1, which honestly is not the greatest operating system ever. It takes a while to get use to and to figure out how to edit the "app screen." Once I figured that out, got apps I actually wanted and got rid of the ones I did not it made that screen a lot more pleasant, though I rarely use it. As for the "classic view" desktop that we are all use to with windows, that just requires creating some shortcuts on either the desktop itself or the tool bar at the bottom. I essentially spent a day setting windows up to where it was easier to use for me and every now and then I have to set something else up that I had forgotten about. I would not say windows 8.1 is the absolute worst operating system, but it's not the best. I feel like once you set up shortcuts on your desktop or tool bar, the lack of a start menu is negated.Again, I can not recommend this product enough for someone who is microsoft office work oriented and not in to heavy picture or video editing. For the price, with tax and $5.99 next day shipping, the processor, ram, touchscreen and hard drive are a steal and you will be hard pressed to find another computer with this many features for a price even close to this one.