Based on my experiences, thus far, with this 4-1/2 month-old unit, I should actually be giving this "Acer Aspire E1-531-2438" a SINGLE "star" rating.  However, since I STILL like it (don't know why...just being hopeful, I guess!), I won't: ....1- Purchased in early NOVEMBER of 2013.  All's well for a couple of months.2- JANUARY 9th, 2014:  Laptop developes a defect.  One of its three USB ports fails, resulting in the computer's failure to recognize any hardware that is plugged into it (I soon notice upon close examination, that one of the port's 4, internal, metal contact strips has become displaced, so that its alignment can't correlate with that of the corresponding contact strip of any plug).3- Contacted "Acer."  They issue me a "case number" and instruct me to mail the computer to their factory in Texas, for repair under-warrantee, at MY EXPENSE for the shipping cost of >$20.  I oblige.4- Receive computer back from them about 2-1/2 weeks later.  All's well, once again.5- JANUARY 28th (just under 3 weeks later):  A DIFFERENT USB port developes the IDENTICAL problem!  I again phone "Acer."  They issue me a new return-case number and again instruct me to mail it back to them (THIS time, though, they e-mailed me a pre-paid shipping label for return via "Fed Ex"... don't know why they didn't do so for the first problem).  I send back the unit to them.5- They again replace the 2nd defective USB port, under warrantee and I receive the laptop back from them about another 2 weeks thereafter.  All's well, once again for a few more weeks.6- MARCH 12th:  A few days ago, while on the internet with the laptop at my local library via their Wi-Fi, my Acer suddenly loses internet contact (no one else around me there on their laptops seems to be experiencing any problem).  I shut off the computer, wait a few minutes and re-boot it.....STILL no internet access (and the wi-fi indicator icon at bottom of my screen is "greyed out" with a small, red "x" over it).  Ever since, the computer fails to recognize ANY wi-fi signal.  AGAIN I phone "Acer" a THIRD TIME and speak with a technical-support representative.  Despite about an hour of working with her instructional sequences to correct the problem (including "wiping out" the entire hard drive and re-installing "Windows 7" "from scratch," the problem persists.  I am ISSUED A THIRD RETURN-CODE-NUMBER and they e-mail me another pre-paid "Fed Ex" return-label for laptop's return to their Texas repair facility.Receive the 3rd-time-repaired computer back from them, via "Fed Ex" on March 26th and, once again, all's functioning well (?but for how longs?, I am wondering!)SUMMARY:  In-between its once-every-6-weeks-breakdowns, the computer works quite satisfactorily for my purposes (despite its:  Somewhat sensitive touch-pad; Weak, tiny speakers' audio; And its pre-installed "McAfee" virus-protection software, which sometimes slows down internet surfing), and it has several useful "perks" for its price:1--Camera & Mircrophone ("web-cam") atop its screen for "Skype" or other Internet-related video-audio purposes2--500 GB Hard drive3--4 GB RAM4--CD/DVD "+/-" "R/RW" Optical Recorder/Player drive5--"SD" Memory-card Slot (I believe it accepts some other formats, as well)--- It's elusive, so look carefully just to the left of the computer's front indicator lights...press in its "dummy card" firmly until it "clicks" and pops out, then remove it for the slot's access!6--"WiFi" (worked great at my library, for a few months, until its failure of March 12th, 2014 till its subsequent repair-under-guarantee a couple of weeks later)7--Three USB-"2" ports (two of which failed and had to be replaced since computer's purchase 4-1/2 months ago in early November of 2013)Now that "Acer" has again repaired it (regarding the WiFi), am hoping, once again, that this will be the END of this unit's "bugs" for longer than just a few weeks' time!