(this review written by Erica's 10 year old son)  This is a great laptop. Before you read this entire review you need to know that this is a Chromebook. If you already know what a Chromebook is then go to the next paragraph. Chromebooks can't run .exe files like a PC or a Mac can. It does most things in the Chrome browser. So if I wanted to play Cut The Rope, I would go on the Chrome Web Store, "download" it, and it's, "installed." Then, when I want to play Cut The Rope, I press the Cut The Rope button and it opens up Google Chrome on a certain webpage where you can play Cut The Rope. So If you wanted to play Minecraft, you shouldn't get a Chromebook because Minecraft and pretty much anything that you need to download (like Microsoft Word or Spotify) is probably a .exe file. But you can still do a lot of stuff on a Chromebook. Google Docs lets you edit documents and you get 100 GB of Google Drive storage on Google's servers, or "The Cloud, " to edit and store your documents. Also, Microsoft has Word Online which lets you, well, use Microsoft Word and store it in "The Cloud," except you store it on Onedrive instead of Google Drive, unless you download it onto the Acer C720's 16 GB solid state drive. (At least, I got the 16 GB version. It also comes in a 32 GB version.)  So, for the nerds, here are all the technical specs:OS: Chrome OSProcessor: 1.4 GHZ Intel Celron 2955UMemory: 16/32 GB storage, SDD (There are two types of hard drives: SDD and HDD. SDD works like a flash drive and a HDD has a disk. SDD's have bettery battery life and speed up the computer a lot.) 2GB RAM, and a free 100 GB on Google Drive. Also has an SD card slot.Screen:11.6," LCD, 1366 x 768, 135.09 ppiConnectivity: HDMI, two USB 3.0 ports, Bluetooth 4.0, and Wifi.Battery: I couldn't Google the MaH in the battery, but it lasts about 7.5 - 8 hours.Ok, so after I wrote all that I just noticed Amazon has the specs right on it, so you can also look at that if you want.Now, for the actual laptop on the outside. Even though it only has a pixel density of 135 ppi (pixels per inch, 135 is terrible), it still works and shows me what's on the screen. Unless I'm not looking at it. The speakers work great, and if you plug in headphones it automatically adjusts it so it doesn't scream in my ears. And when I take them out, it makes the speakers loud again, so I can still hear it from about a foot away. It's really thin and light, I can carry it with one hand under it while it's turned on easily. The battery life on this is amazing, it's one of my favorite parts of the C720. Lastly, the processor on the C720 is decent. It's fast enough for a laptop, and great for a $200 laptop.In conclusion, this is a good laptop. If you like video games, a nice screen, or anything that you need to download, then I'm wondering why you would be reading this review in the first place. But if you like battery life, a good price, and a decent computer, then I think you should click the, "add to cart" button!