I just bought this MacBook Pro a few weeks ago, and the user interface was so simple I got used to my computer in a matter of days, rather than the year it took for me to master Microsoft Windows 7. Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute. Apps launch super fast, and the 500GB HDD is more than sufficient. I usually use my Mac for school work and internet browsing, so the entry-level 13" MacBook Pro is already more than what I expected from a computer I would typically use it for. Macs hardly ever get viruses, and they are completely incompatible with existing Microsoft Windows Viruses. Furthermore, Mac OS X Mountain Lion's Gate keeper prevents the user from downloading malware and trojans, which keep your data safe and your computer running at optimum speed. The keys on the keyboard are evenly spaced and are back-lit, which make it easy to use at night and for speed writing (Typing?). Overall, the screen resolution, though non-retina, is sufficient for normal web browsing and work. I still don't get why retina displays are standard on most new iOS devices, but are only available on the MacBook Pro with Retina Display (Total cheapskate!). The thunderbolt port is awesome! It's 10gbps transfer speeds surpass even the super-fast USB 3.0 (Which also comes with the MBP). US 3.0 comes with the MBP and has transfer rates of up to 5gbps. Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack. SDHC card reader and an optical drive for burning and reading discs.The glass track pad is large enough for Apple's highly acclaimed multi-touch gestures for scrolling through web pages with two fingers, zooming in on certain parts of certain apps by double tapping with two fingers, accessing launchpad by pinching with five fingers and using mission control by swiping up with four fingers.You can also buy one of Apple's magic mice, which connect to your Mac using Bluetooth, and also allows you to use certain multi-touch gestures such as zoom and scroll.For Windows users switching to a Mac, you can also enable right clicking (known to apple as secondary click) in the system preferences> Mouse and enabling right clicking.The unique to apple aluminium uni-body is a real beauty. It makes the MBP very durable and protects it from scratches, though you shouldn't go launching it against a wall for the sake of trying it.For Windows users who are used to using Microsoft Office, you can buy a license for the latest Microsoft Office software for Mac (Currently 2011) at any of apple's retail stores, Apple Authorised resellers, any store that sells Microsoft Office for Mac or downloading the software directly from Microsoft's website.*Users without an optical drive can skip the installation of Microsoft Office and head to the next section*To install the software, simply insert the disc provided in the package into the optical drive and open and install all the files.Enter your code printed on the back of your CD sleeve when prompted.Done! Enjoy using Microsoft Office!*For those without an optical drive (MBP with Retina Display and MB air), read this. Users with and optical drive can skip this section*To download Microsoft Office, go to Microsoft's website and download the trial version. When prompted, enter your code printed on the back of your CD sleeve to unlock the full potential of Microsoft Office 2011 for Mac.The Mac app store and iTunes store are phenomenal. The Mac app store is your one-stop shop for Mac software, though you can also download software online at your own risk. There are currently around 10,000 apps on the App store (and counting...), and billions of songs available for download fro the iTunes store. iTunes is also you default (And also your only) media player besides DVD player, or any other media players you may come across on the internet. iTunes is one of the better media players available on the market with it's simple to use User Interface. Users switching from a PC will definitely prefer iTunes to Microsoft's Windows media player.Overall, the high price of the MacBook Pro may convince users to buy a cheaper Windows PC instead. But remember, you are paying a high premium for a product with better build quality and high quality software, which is a joy to work with, considering that you can finally work in peace without having to worry about the millions of Windows viruses out in the wild attacking countless careless and oblivious PC users. I'm sure you won't regret making this purchase.