This laptop computer is the sixth Apple computer I've owned since 1988 and is the finest computer I've owned yet. I've owned PCs and Apple Macs, but the Macs far exceed the performance and life of any of my previously-owned PCs.This is my second Mac notebook computer; the other is a  black MacBook 2.16 GHz Intel which I have passed on to my wife. When I purchased the MacBook Pro I was able to transfer my older media and document files, settings and everything from the MacBook with ease. I purchased this notebook for my media work and one of my favorite things about the MBPro is the multiple ports it has (USB 2.0/FireWire 400/FireWire 800/Express) along with a regular DVI (digital) monitor port, something lacking on the MacBook and a nice feature for media professionals or people looking to make presentations right from the laptop.Everything boots quickly and the included system software (OS X "Leopard") is solid all the way around. Combined with the Intel processors, this is a wonderful performer.The GOOD:Speed.Stability of OS X.Lots of great features in operating system.Easy migration of info, docs and files from older Mac OS X-run machines.Vibrant 15" screen.Backlit keyboard works great in dimly lighted rooms.Built-in speakers have better placement.Large storage capacity (200 GB for this particular model).Multiple ports (USB/FireWire 400 + 800/Express).DVI monitor connector.MagSafe charger port.Decent battery life for a larger laptop.Easy wireless setup and connectivity.Beautiful, sleek styling.The NOT SO GREAT:Feels a little heavier than other laptops in its class. Not a big deal.Still not crazy about Apple Mail, the e-mail client in OS X.One thing I did find--a very minor OS X system glitch--was my "Movies" folder was not recognized (I received an error message that read something like "...volume cannot be found") when I booted for the first time after setup. I have heard this happening to others, but this was an easy fix that I discovered within seconds:1.) From the launch tray at the bottom of the screen, select the Finder. It will open in a separate window.1.) On the left side of the Finder window under the PLACES menu, select your home icon (looks like a little house). In the right window pane you should see these folders with mini icons in the middle of them: Desktop, Documents, Downloads, Library, Movies, Music, Pictures. If you don't see one or more of these folders, move on to #3 below.3.) Go to the menu at the top of your screen and select File > New Folder. A blank folder (no icon) labeled "untitled folder". You will want to rename this folder with the name of the folder that is missing from the list above. In my particular case I was missing the "Movies" folder, so I renamed it that. As soon as that happened, the Movies icon appeared in the center of the folder and...PROBLEM SOLVED!BOTTOM LINE:The Mac OS X operating system combined with a magnificently built machine equates to a speedy, reliable and slick laptop that is perfect for portable media work. This is well worth the money and based on my last 20 years of Macintosh experiences, it will be a machine that will give great service.