I work in technology and have several high-end custom laptops running Linux and Windows and have very little patient for computers that don't perform very well.  I have been wanting a Chromebook for some time but wasn't sure what to expect.  I was really impressed with my Acer tablet that was low cost but clearly a solid device, so when Acer came out with this Chromebook with the new Haswell processor I decided to jump on it.  I care more about performance than looks so I went with the Acer since it was getting good performance reviews.  I was also looking for a another small and light computer that I could take with me when I travel for work that I could use for my personal use - I like to keep personal and work usage completely separate.I have been using this laptop for several weeks now and I am very impressed.  This is now my favorite computer!  I did upgrade the SSD drive to a 64Gb drive which seemed to improve the performance and I have been pleased every since.  As Google says, it is instant on and off so you never wait.  The battery life seems to last forever.  It far exceeds any other laptop I have every had, especially at this extremely low weight.  I love that TPM is build into the platform for heavy encryption of the storage and I like having separate profiles between users.It is a shift to have your data and applications come from the cloud but it works and completely integrates with my phone, a Samsung Note 3.  Once I got familiar on how to use my Chromebook and Google tools, I decided to move all of my personal content to my Google Drive - all of my pictures, documents, music, etc.  I encrypt sensitive information with Boxcryptor on my Google Drive.  This works well on my Chromebook and my phone.  I am now using my C720 for doing just about everything I use a computer for - creating and editing documents, editing and posting pictures, doing video calls and messaging with Google Hangouts. watching movies, listening to music and more.By the way, the wireless radio on this laptop is amazing.  I have not seen another laptop beat it in speed tests on my wireless network - this includes custom gaming laptops with special wireless cards, a Macbook pro, iPads, phones, etc.  Only my Samsung Note 3 with support of 802.11ac comes close.  I couldn't believe it at first but test after test showed the same result.  Simply amazing especially at this price point!  I am not sure how Acer did this.Wi-Fi access in Google sponsored locations is automatic as well.  I noticed that I got instance access in some locations without hitting the captive portal page and having to go through a registration process to get Internet access.  That is pretty cool.  When I travel, I like this laptop to my mobile hotspot on my phone and I am connected whenever I want to be.There are times when I am using unsecured public Wi-Fi that I like to get my access through a VPN tunnel so I set up my Chromebook to use a L2TP VPN tunnel.  You can set it to automatically connect to the VPN server once Wi-Fi is connected and this works very reliably.I also use this laptop with an external mouse, keyboard and monitor in docking mode.  I was even more surprised to see this laptop drive the display on my laptop while also driving my external display that is a 1080p monitor through HDMI.  You can extend the display or mirror your laptop display.  Either way works very well and I have never had even one issue, which is rare.  I have seen Macbooks and Windows computers choke on driving external displays more often than they should.Watching video on this laptop has been a very good experience as well.  I watch Netflix, YouTube & Google movies and my own video files with no issue on my laptop or with an external display.  The video is very smooth.  By the way, any Google movie you buy can also be watched through YouTube.This laptop will also reach multiple file systems on USB drives.  I have tried Windows and Linux partition formations without issue.In summary, this is a solid device from Acer.  This laptop will spoil you and delivers far more value that most laptops several times more expensive.  It is easy to use by design but it is very functional for a wide range of users.  I am recommending this laptop to everyone looking for laptop.  There are some new ways of doing things in the Google Chromebook model but I think that is an easy transition to make and will greatly simplify your life once you do!  I also suggest looking at some of the Chromebook books on tips and tricks.  That really helped me in my transition as well.