I took a good look at this laptop when I was shopping around for a new computer for my mother-in-law, and while I ended up purchasing the HP DV6 there was a lot to like about the G60 line.  The HP G60 (and G70) are aimed at the home user looking for a desktop size screen but otherwise want traditional notebook specs (good battery life, lighter weight, etc...).  While not a true "desk-note" (it uses mobile cpus, most desk-notes use desktop class cpus) it will fill the "desk top" role for most users.  The build quality is pretty good.  Far above the basic "Compaq" line but not quite as nice as the DV line from HP.What it is good at: Web browsing, light gaming (does well with anything other than 3D games), office apps (word, excel, power point, etc...) and basic media tasks (playing and creating MP3s, watching movies, editing short home movies).What it is not good at: 3D gaming, editing large video files, or any heavy computational tasks.Here is a quick break down of the specs:Display: This 16" screen is a good bright display that works best indoors, but can be used outdoors except in direct sunlight.  A good display is an HP trademark and this one lives up to that standard.CPU: The Intel Pentium T4300 is a good dual core CPU for light home use.  It is the newest version of the Pentium line and is based off the most advanced of the "Core2" processors.  (Pentiums are just "Core" or "Core2" CPUS with less cache and slower clock speeds.)  I'm a big fan of this CPU for people who mostly want to web browse - it's got two cores so you can surf while the anti-virus does it's job so why pay more for a CPU you won't use?  If you plan on doing any serious gaming this is not the CPU for you (though it's a lot better than older Pentiums based off the old "Core" cpus).Memory: 3GB is plenty for light home use.  Again - plenty for web surfing and playing movies.  Not enough for serious gaming.Graphics: Comes with Intel's new 4500 integrated graphics.  While this is a great improvement over previous Intel graphics parts it's still not going to run high-end 3D games at any decent resolution.  Old games and non-3D games will be fine.HDD: 320GB is far more than most light home users will use.  I know few using more than 60GB.  However anyone who plans on editing home movies will need more space than this (and more memory, and a faster cpu...).Battery: 6 cell lithium ION.  Pretty standard.  Gives you about 2-3 hours of light use.  If you order it custom from HP you can get an 8 cell.  However if you are looking for good battery life you really don't want the G60 line.  Look for something with a 14" display and at least an 8 cell battery.Wireless: Most notebooks from high to low end are using the same few wireless chipsets.  This one is covers a wide wireless spectrum including the newest "Wireless N".Weight: 6.7lbs is a good weight for a screen this large.  You will find them up to 8lbs.  Again if you are looking for serious mobility you want a thin-and-light, but if you want something you can easily carry from room to room this should suit you.