I initially purchased an HP 11 Chromebook and while I was happy at first, I quickly realized it wasn't for me. If you only have a few tabs open at any given time, it's fine but if you're a "power browser" like me (and it's a hard habit to break), you will be disappointing. Hover over my username to read my review of the HP 11 and the following update.Now on to the review of the Acer. The Haswell processor makes all the difference in the world. This little Chromebook feels like I'm browsing with a Windows machine. In fact, it beats my roommate's $350 Toshiba with Windows 8 and 4GB ram. I can have upwards of 20 tabs open and stream music with no hiccups at all. True, the design isn't as stylish but I like it in a utilitarian kind of way. I think it of a workhorse and a great value for the money.The keyboard and trackpad is just as good as the HP 11 and while the screen doesn't pop as much as the HP, since it's matte it has the advantage of no reflections and being easier to clean. The fan is very quiet as well and the vents are on the back under the hinge. Much better that my last Windows laptop which baked my left hand. It gets a little warm but never hot. You also get a lot of ports. One HDMI port which I like because continuously plugging and unplugging a slimport into the micro USB on my HP worried me...micro USB is small and fragile compared to an HDMI port so I was afraid it would eventually break. A SD port is also included which is great because I store all my music on an SD card rather than uploading my 2700+ MP3 collection to Google drive or Google Play Music. At 512Kbps it would take forever (I live in the middle of nowhere and even libraries only have around 3Mbps upload speed). With the SD card, I just plug it in whenever I want to listen to music. You also get two USB ports but one is USB 3.0 so when I backup my documents, pictures and music It will come in handy. Even though all my documents and pictures are already in the cloud, I still make backups just in case.As far as the Chrome OS I won't say much since a quick Google search will tell you all you need to know, but as a formerpower user/Linux geek I am at the point in my life where I just want something basic, simple and that "just works" out of the box for a good price and the Acer C720 delivers this in spades! Keep in mind that the Chromebooks are for consumption first and production second (although I really like Google Docs) and you won't be disappointed. Also think of a Chromebook as a tablet with a built in keyboard, better speakers, and a bigger screen at a lower price point and you won't be disappointed. The apps (basically bookmarks in a menu although there are a growing collection of offline apps) aren't as extensive as Android but they are steadily growing. Another great thing about Chrome OS is that since most apps are web based and not installed locally, it's virtually immune to viruses and malware. That's one reason so many schools are switching to Chromebooks and why they are perfect for elderly or computer illiterate people. If you get your parents or grandparents one of these it will save you many headaches!On word of warning. If you want an HD Webcam, get the HP 14. This and most other Chromebooks have a VGA webcam that gets the job done but that's about it. It's not a big deal for me since I rarely use the webcam. Another thing is if you're friends and family don't have Google hangouts, they will have to get it in order to cam with you. I hear Facebook video chat works but haven't tested it. I've also heard that USB webcams work but again, I haven't tested it.In conclusion, if you consider yourself a "power browser" and have many tabs open at once, any shortcomings are blown away by the Haswell processor and the extra ports. I highly recommend this Chromebook.