I got mine over 20 days ago and so far it has totally met my expectations.I bought this one as replacement for my almost 6 year old Dell Inspiron m6400. I don't understand why people keep bashing Dell like if their computers were meant just to break down, all computers break down regardless of the brand so it is just a matter of giving them the proper care and treatment. However, I must admit I didn't treat my m6400 fairly across time since I banged up the audio port and dropped it a couple of times... and yet it survived and managed to get done almost everything I put in it.Now, for the new baby the things that I've tested/experienced so far:-The wireless performance is great and very easy to setup, although I've not tested it for its max range.-HDMI sync up is way too easy to do.-HDD has not been a problem. I don't see any lockup nor any sign of it been "too slow to respond" like other people have reported. I've used about 50-60 GBs of space so far and have been moving large files back and forth with 2 external drives I have without problem.-Webcam software is a bit tricky to get it to stop loading after you enable video support for Skype or MSN, but besides that the video quality is excellent, at least for my standard.-The Dell quick access toolbar is a bit annoying but it is nothing really to get mad about.-Bloatware is OBVIOUSLY present but it only takes about 10 mins of your time to disable most of the notifications.-CPU performance has been excellent so far, no complaints whatsoever.-LCD screen quality is awesome, I'm not necessarily thrilled with the max resolution but I can't really ask for much when running integrated video.-I've only "burned" 2 DVDs for the recovery software so far. The wizard to get them done was quite user friendly I must say.-The built-in speakers have a very decent quality. You can't expect too much from them but I can say that I've had a couple of Skype calls and didn't have to bother on getting a set of headphones at all.-The material of the computer is quite sturdy and the finish at the bottom is actually something I liked given the fact that I know this tend to capture any residues on the surfaces where the computer may rest upon. Some people have complained about it been "cheap" plastic but I can personally tell you that I've seen more expensive computers with crappier quality and finish so this will not be a concern for me.-The keyboard is a full size with the little trick that the space bar is a smaller than the normal ones but it isn't really a problem.-The design problem of how the FN key works...it is something I'm really used to already so again it is not a problem for me.I'll try to post some pics later on so future buyers, or at least people interested, will have a better chance to look at it than me. I'm from Costa Rica so I really didn't have the option of checking the computer at store before ordering but I did take quite some time researching in different websites for reviews and prices. The best advice I can give to everyone is read, check reviews and ask your tech buddies for advice before buying.There are several "reviews" here just whining about problems with the computer but I can say they are not necessarily accurate since the problems reported are problems that occur to all computer users. If you don't believe, take the time to read customer reviews of any computer brand here in Amazon and you'll see similar reports.