Just to note, Amazon was fast to get these in stock.  Furthermore, they were immediately available in Apple Retail Stores.This February 2011 update to the MacBook Pro line is significant, albeit not dramatic for many.  Indeed, the update will please the pro users who require that intense CPU performance, for intensive applications such as professional photo editing, or everyday video editing.The reason the 13-inch model is right for me?  I recently purchased one of the new 11-inch MacBook Airs.  I love it, but for my workhorse notebook at work, there are times when I will need more performance.  At the same time, I continue to find the 15 and 17-inch models a bit too large, UNLESS you plan to keep it inside your home or inside your office at work the majority of the time and will not be transporting the notebook.  In such a case, the 15s are really winners as their performance is taking a leap even above these 13s because the 15 and 17 stock offerings are quad core processors.This entry level 13-inch model includes a 2.3 GHZ i5 processor.  The significance of the processor though is that it is Intel's brand new architecture, Sandy bridge.  There are many improvements under the hood of this architecture.  This machine is nearly two times (2x) as fast as the previous 13-inch model.  In Geekbench scoring, a benchmark that scores only the CPU, the previous machines scored in the mid-3000s, whereas this new processor is scoring near 6000.  This is a dramatic CPU increase.  It really shows how Sandy bridge is an entirely new generation of processors from Intel.  They are workhorses.  They will speed up video editing dramatically compared to the old machines, and I have already saved countless minutes on a test video project I put together.Other new features?  The iSight camera has been updated to HD resolution.  Facetime comes standard too, to make video chat easy with other Mac owners and iPhone 4 owners.Mores significant than the iSight camera update is that inclusion of Intels' new Thunderbolt interface.  This is faster than USB, Firewire, etc.  It is brand new and will hopefully be a popular interface in the future.  The shape of the Thunderbolt port on this machine is the same as the previous Mini Display-port.  Therefore, for the time being, you can continue to use the port to attach an external Mini display port display.  Thunderbolt allows for daisy-chaining, so in the future you can have an external drive, or two, and your display connected to this one port, without problem.  Some people might not use Thunderbolt for some time, but hard drive manufacturers are stating they will have external hard drives with this new interface sometime this year.  Furthermore, future HD camcorders and perhaps even iPads or iPods might take advantage of the interface.  It is dramatically fast, so we can only hope it will become a popular interface on more and more devices.  This MacBook Pro was the first to have it!  A nice touch.Besides these new features, this 13-inch MacBook Pro carries over its dimensions, appearance, and weight from the previous 13-inch MacBook Pro.  Its the internals that are updated.  Standard memory remains the same at 4GB, hard drive was bumped to 320 GB, etc.  The Graphics processor is now Intel's, which is a great step forward compared to Intel's previous integrated graphics attempt.Overall, the new MacBook Pro 13-inch is dramatically faster in terms of processor performance.  Those who use the computer for CPU intensive tasks will find this update a great step forward.  In terms of more casual home users, the update is somewhat smaller as the form factor has remained identical.  Nevertheless, the update was long overdue, and it now seems worth the wait.  The price of this entry level model appears to be the best value too.