This laptop gets 5 stars itself, but ASUS gets 2 stars for service.  Hope that you don't have any issues.About ASUS service:I purchased the UL30A-X5 from Amazon the day it was released.  After about a week of use, I began to have problems with the hard drive (unsure if it was a problem with the drive itself or perhaps the connection to the motherboard).  The HDD is the most delicate part of a laptop, so I wasn't upset because it happens.  I called ASUS and explained the problem, and they told me I could either return the laptop (and pay for my own shipping materials; they wouldn't send a box) or they could send me a new hard drive, but I would have to pay to ship the old one back.  I chose to return the laptop since I still had my Amazon shipping materials.  They also wanted me to FAX a copy of my receipt, and said the department that processes returns could not accept an emailed scan because they didn't have an email address.  They kept the laptop for 2 weeks after receiving it.  I called several times in the meantime, and the CSRs never had any information on the repair status or estimated time to repair.  They have an online tool where you can supposedly look up your repair status with your RMA number, but it never worked for me.  They told me I would be notified whenever it was fixed, but I never was.  Delivery requires a signature, so not sending me a notice or tracking number (so I would know when to be home to receive it) was quite an omission.  To their credit, they did replace the entire laptop, but the entire process was inferior to the experiences I've had with returns to both HP and Dell.About the laptop itself:PROS:-One of the lightest laptops for its screen size.  From the moment I received the shipping box I was amazed at how light it was.-Battery life is very good, although shorter than that of the UL30A-A2 and similar models (it comes with a 4400 mAh battery versus a 5600).  I get about 6-8 hours out of it under normal usage.-Processor isn't a powerhouse but everything runs smoothly.  Windows 7 works great on it. 4GB DDR3 RAM means no stuttering even with many applications going at once.-Keyboard is full size and keys are evenly spaced.  I have long fingers but can still type perfectly, unlike with a netbook.-Plenty of ports, inc. HDMI output-The brushed aluminum lid does look great, especially in black!-Price represents outstanding valueCONS:-Has a high-pitched whine sometimes, I think from the HDD spinning up.  Only noticeable whenever when the room is very quiet, and only because the rest of the laptop (particularly the fans) are so quiet.-No optical drive. You can use Daemon Tools Lite for reading .iso files, but if Windows is corrupted it might make restoring difficult.  The laptop does come with a recovery DVD, although you would have to find an external DVD reader that will work without Windows drivers if you ever needed to restore it.-Screen is really glossy and reflective.-Weak webcam-Comes with a moderate amount of bloatware (including trial media burning and label making software for the non-existent optical drive)Overall I am very pleased with the laptop (now that I finally have a working one after a month!)  I'm not sure I would consider it a desktop replacement, but if you already have a desktop at home/work or your computing needs are light, it makes an excellent travel companion.  It's shortcomings are greatly outweighed by its positives.  It looks and feels like a much more expensive machine, comparing favorably (in my opinion) even to the Macbook Air.