I purchased this laptop from Amazon around a month ago. I planned to use it for analyzing my data in Matlab and gaming. Mainly as desktop replacement, but also for travels to conferences, collaborators, etc. I think I made the right choice, since up to now I am completely satisfied. Computer performance is extraordinary good, design is neat, keyboard is good.I experienced one unpleasant problem which I managed to solve. The computer every now and then (couple of times in an hour or so) makes a latency spike for about 1-2 sec, during which nothing works and if you happen to listen to music or watching a movie, it will make horrible screeching sound. I am pretty tolerant person, so I didn't care until this thing started to interfere with my League of Legend tournaments (2 sec lag in a wrong place equals to loosing a 45 min game). So I went online, and found this thread on the Republic of Gamers forum rog.asus.com/forum/showthread.php?14960-G75VW-random-audio-and-graphics-spike). It turns out that many people have this problem with G75. Someone on the forum reported that uninstalling McAfee antivirus worked for him. I tried and it worked for me too. I do not experience this problem anymore. But I have to warn you that some other people report that this solution doesn't work for them.There are other minor problems, which I want to report.1. When the computer came, the bottom rim of the screen was detached, that is, disconnected from the screen itself. I fixed it by gently pushing onto the rim, so the holders on the other side went inside the corpus where they belong.2. Sometimes, if I use a headset, the computer doesn't give audio output into earphones, but instead gives it to the speakers (sometimes both speakers and earphones at the same time). So I have to unplug headset and plug it in again. (RESOLVED)3. Touchpad works strange in double touch mode. It is supposed to implement mac-like scrolling with double touch, but it works only half of the time. I found that it works better if you touch it sort of ridiculously gentle, like almost to pressure at all. Well, anyway I don't use this function. (RESOLVED)Update-02/12/2013: Still very satisfied. Had no further problems, computer works very stable. Problem with headset has been solved in latest audio card patch. Touchpad scrolling works fine too, turns out I wasn't using it right: for bottom-up scrolling you are supposed to make double touch in vertical axis, but I was making in horizontal.Update-11/09/2013: Having the laptop over a year now. Never let me down (well, it crashed once when I connected it to a projector, but that was it). I started to notice though that speakers on some other laptops are far better than on this one, so if you're sensitive to this, you might consider something else. Same goes for the screen. If you plan to do some serious photo-editing, make sure you're comfortable with the screen. The screen is great actually, because it is matte. Not only it doesn't reflect much light, but also eyes do not tire so easy. But it does look a little more bleak compared to some glossy screens (e.g. the one of new macbooks).One of the great things about this laptop I've really appreciated when I got sick and lied in bed is that you can actually work with it on your laps or in bed. Unlike most laptops which get air from below, G75 draws air from the top and pushes it behind. It will never overheat and you can meliorate your fever suffering with some Skyrim play-through :) (good god this game is long.)