A few months ago, my old netbook died. Since then, I have been debating on what to do for a replacement. I had temporarily been using the Asus Transformer with attached keyboard, but to honest, I really hated that thing. Oh, it was great for surfing the web and a few others things, but at the end of the day, it is just a tablet with a keyboard. I needed more. I needed a full browser, not just a mobile browser that can sometimes request desktop site, and while the battery life was amazing, it never truly felt like it could be considered replacement for a netbook.The debate was on. What did I truly need for in my netbook? Sure, all the bells and whistles can be great, but I really didn't want to pay $400+ for a replacement. However, with netbook production now on the decline, if not extinct, my options were pretty slim in regards to finding something that was pretty close to what I had, or giving in and going the whole laptop route. I really did not want to go with a laptop due to both price and not really needing all the options they come with.Enter the Chromebook.Even before my netbook had died, I had been keeping an eye on the Chromebooks. The idea of them appealed to me, but I just wasn't 100% sold on how it worked. However, now that I was in the market for a replacement, the Chromebook was again on my radar, and ultimately my final choice after comparing dozens of options.My experience after a few weeks of use has made me even more certain Chromebook was the best choice for me.Design:While this isn't the prettiest Chromebook out there, the design is well done. The external has a nice solid feel to it. There are no messy finger prints being left behind (around the screen does sometimes). The screen is beautiful. Just the right size and the colors look great. The keyboard is responsive and laid out nicely. I do wish there was a delete button, instead of just the backspace, but it isn't a deal breaker. I am still on the fence about the touchpad. However, I personally use a mouse attached to the usb whenever I can, so again, not a deal breaker.Battery Life:Acer C720 states that it averages about 8.5 hours. While I have never timed it to check, I would swear mine gets even more than that. I can have it turned off for days and when I turn it on again, have tons of battery life left. Using it only with the browser seems to barely use any battery.Memory:The Acer C720 comes with 16gb of SSD. In the beginning, this was one of my concerns about the Chromebook. Would I need more? How quickly will that 16gb get filled? After about a month, the concerns over 16gb really are not there anymore. It does have a SD card reader so if I need more storage, I can always use that. Plus, there is always Google Drive Cloud as an option.Other Thoughts:For me, the Chromebook is perfect. I love the easy of use. Everything being at my fingertips without having to get on a regular PC. I am also a heavy Google user, so all my documents are easily available through Drive. After about a month of use, I really do not have any negatives for this Chromebook. It is super quiet, maybe will hear a fan every now and then. Never gets hot after hours of use.Bottom line, for those needing a second computer option, students, bloggers, and many more, this is a fantastic option.