First of all, if you are an ardent Apple faithful and cant read any of Apple's drawbacks, please do not read the review. There are hundreds of 5 star reviews here, feel happy to read them instead. I'm just doing my part of an unbiased review:Before I proceed:----------------I've been a PC guy since the time I saw my first computer. I have used various MS OS's before jumping to Mac. I owned (and still do) other Apple devices and have a built an Apple eco-system myself.On to the product review: One star (*) is negative and three stars are indicative of positive comment.*** Mac experience starts right from the time you start unpacking your box. There is attention provided at each detail of the packaging as well and its very impressive.*** MBP gives you a feel of the money you have spent. I know by experience why Apple users have pride in owning these devices.*** My Mac experience has been very good, in terms of boot up speed, reliability and ease of operation. I must say, since I'm moving from Windows 7 OS, any better experience will feel great.*** Multi-touch gesture is excellent and all imitations I have come across with MS vendors so far seem to be cheap compared to Apple experience.* Keyboard really looks cheap. In fact, the caps lock key is half responsive right out of the box. Call me insane for NOT returning the product for this reason alone, after trying to get through it for 2-3 weeks! I didn't want this one key burden to be passed on to Amazon.com.* My primary purpose of selecting MBP as against MBAir was for the optical drive. Apple provided iLife for free and pre-installed. I acknowledge that. But they deliberately dropped the iDVD from this package. I scrambled around for first few days to write some of my home videos to a disc, which wont play in my DVD player. I have my near ones, who can only watch videos in DVD player. I wrote to Amazon.com on this problem. Like always, received a response from them in no time and they suggested me to contact Apple first. I called the Apple customer care number. I had done some homework on Apple support forums and knew there were a few people who received iLife disc for this problem. When my call was answered by Apple, I got such a horrible customer support, I was rudely told Apple no longer supports iDVD and I need to purchase the full iLife s/w package just for iDVD! What crap!! I promptly got the ticket number and contacted back Amazon.com with this concern. Amazon.com is always amazing and helped me with their 5 star service (wont mention the resolution here).I just wonder if I purchase Apple Care protection plan, will I sign up for this same arrogant crap from Apple for my dollars? Rotten Apple needs to address this arrogance.* I'm having tough time selecting software for my needs. Though I was aware there are not enough s/w available for Mac (as compared to MS), didnt know I have to shell out for each small thing I want to do. Apple boasts of half a million apps for iOS devices, free+paid. I wish they could have done equally well on the Mac s/w front. I guess it is their adamant 30% cut and the closely controlled OS platform that keeps people away from writing s/w for Mac platform. No easy s/w, no virus and the latter is advertised. Nice isn't it?* Keyboard shortcuts are not as user friendly as MS. There are several shortcuts that I'm used to and I feel improve my productivity and they are lacking in Mac. But some of these shortcomings are masked with the excellent multi-touch gesture support provided in MBP.* MBP has a critical Hard disk failure issue. I was horrified to see how many people have complained this issue in Apple forum and were denied free service by Apple. I read this a week before I bought mine, but decided to gamble with my luck. Sacred to handle it in any rough way for this reason, and delicate machines dont qualify to be rated high.Overall, I'm happy with the product and the way it has been built around the Apple eco-system, but don't think it qualifies for 5 stars. There are shortcomings that Apple needs to address (and I know, profit centric Apple wont).Again, I want to re-iterate that the Apple customer support that I received is not even near 1% to the amazing customer support that Amazon.com provides. Apple is really arrogant and is trying to bend the customers to squeeze the money out of their pocket, while keeping quite on their product issues. They are also forcing the customers to adapt to their profit centric approach for future, by dropping s/w support to the hardware they are currently offering (iDVD vs optical drive). Getting away from optical drive is not for optimizing the battery and reduce weight as they claim, but to impress the media industry and lure them to open up the DRM content into iTunes. iCloud wont bring rains. Its just about shadow (shady) business.