This laptop, as pointed by many others, has one of the best price/performance ratios out there. I won't reiterate the obvious facts too much, but rather try to disclose some of my findings from my experience of about 5 months of use.The speaker is nice... but just fails to cross the finish line by a couple of steps. It can produce by quite high volume, sound without distortion and it has Dolby surround sound feature which you can turn on to give quite a nice immersion in movies. Unfortunately, it won't fill the necessity of a dedicated speaker because the speaker system doesn't consist a subwoofer (no boom boom) and hence makes the tempo-reliant electronic musics I listen to rather floaty and weightless. And after seeing the Youtube video "Summer Sea Sky Sound Subwoofer" by a Youtuber of great musical taste, I quite want my lows please.The computer is by unanimity, pretty fast, but I imagine you quite expect power saving feature for those light and prolonged task sessions like word processing, and it has "Lenovo Energy Management" software which has a "Bicycle" mode out of 3 modes (the other two being a car and a billet train), indicating most power-efficient mode. The Bicycle mode pretty much limits the CPU clock around 700 MHz and in windows 8.1 , this energy management software doesn't seem to be refined enough because when you revert it back to "Bullet Train" mode, the clock limit still seems to be present. That makes for a very frustrating rest of the session as your mouse arrow may become unresponsive and screen may freeze for some time and so on. And if you force shut the PC and restart it, I encountered instances where the issue isn't resolved. So basically I had to make a custom power plan outside of Lenovo's software and in windows with maxed setting and apply that to solve that problem. To be concise, Lenovo's an IBM company, one of the founder of the personal computing, but I guess no amount of experience can teach a company not willing to perfect their trade.The good thing about the looks is it's a formal looking laptop although being gamer in nature. That makes it versatile for public presentations and DJing and other stuff that I can't imagine doing in something like Asus Gxx series or iBuyPower (are they even serious?) laptops.This does have 2 USB 3.0 ports.The wireless card "Intel centrino BS" (it's not like they've used that word for processor class... jeesh with proprietary words that give impressions of innovation...) is very very underwhelming. About as much reception as an iPod 5th gens. I am not even kidding. It is fact that my MediaLink 300 Mbps router, the one that others love so much, sucks in terms of range and stability (there's a review for that from me), but if the laptop does as good as an iPod's at around the same range, that speaks volume about it's efficacy. Also there isn't a physical switch for the wireless card and that surely fits with the pattern of shortcomings for this card.The trackpad. Absolutely disastrous. It's hypersensitive, so much so that a speck of dust can cause it to register 2 finger "tap tap" motion that just sends the cursor "Apeshiiet!" The hypersensitivity occasionally also throws the cursor off the mark when you mean to click by tapping, which makes it unusable on an unoptimized software for 1080p screen like Virtual DJ Pro, with its minuscule icons that can lead to a disaster in a live performance due to unintended inputs. Ever seen a DJ with a mouse for computer? Well, this will make that a thing. The only cool thing with this trackpad is that it gives a nice sound and tactile feel when you "tap-click" as it depresses a bit. Over all, I'd prefer the trackpad of my old $300 Gateway laptop.Came out to be longer of a review than expected, meh. But, as you see, many of these problems are situational and solvable easily by use of a mouse or USB wireless card  and other sensible things. The laptop overall is a very good value and does gaming, media related tasks quite nicely (scores very high in Cinebench benchmark) and pretty much everything nicely too, consequently. If you are wondering why I don't have the "Amazon Verified Purchase", I bought this from Newegg as they wouldn't charge sales tax and was the same price as Amazon's by the time of purchase (probably shouldn't be saving this but I'll take the chances to save you about $90). I got mine for around $950 during the 2013 holiday season. Good luck!