I have owned this laptop for about 2 months now and I must say it's much better than my old HP laptop.To start off, I must mention that I have had ZERO WiFi issues at all since purchasing the machine. So either previous owners received defective models, they fixed the issue, or I got a non-affected machine.After wiping the hard drive and SSD and putting a fresh version of Windows 8 on the machine, it runs like butter, although I'm sure it would run like butter without doing all of that, but I like my computers to be clean. There isn't much space left on the SSD after installing all the necessary updates and whatnot, but you can put a few essential programs on the SSD before you're forced to start installing programs to the HDD. I'll put the rest in bullet form:PROS:  -Design/Build: It looks wonderful, very minimal, very Macbook-esque. It could be better but no laptop is perfect. It doesn't have a lip in the front like Macbooks do for ease of opening, but I open my laptop from the sides anyways so it's a non-issue for me. The keyboard is acceptable. The recovery button on the left side is sort of useless for me though.  -Reliability: The computer does exactly what I need it to do, exactly how it needs to be done. Although I am pretty good when it comes to maintaining my computers so I'm use to that. Windows runs smoothly, haven't gotten around to dual booting Linux yet, but I'm sure it can handle that just fine.  -Speed: With windows 8 installed, for me, it cold boots to the login screen in 10 seconds, shuts down in about 6 seconds, wakes from sleep in about 2, but usually takes another 4-5 seconds before the keyboard is operational to login. I don't notice lag when using the computer either (using the internet, Microsoft office, coding, etc..) The 24GB SSD is definitely useful for stuff like this, and the 500GB HDD is adequate size for all other storage needs.CONS:  -Trackpad: Now, it's not terrible or anything, but it's not a great trackpad either. Sometimes I'll right click and although I press a half inch to the right of the split line, it will left click. It hasn't happened recently but it has happened before. other than that though, it works fine.  -Heat/fan: I notice while playing minecraft, the CPU temp can get into the 70 degree range and the fan becomes rather loud. that being said, it runs minecraft pretty well (60 fps easy if the settings are set pretty low, 30 fps with higher settings, at highest settings maybe more like 20fps) and although it's loud, it spews out the heat quite well, so it does a good job of dissipating the heat. Most other times the fan is barely noticeable and temps are around 40-45 degrees Fahrenheit, which is still higher than I'd like but it's a laptop so you can't expect great temps.  -Screen: I'll preface this by saying that I'm use to my IPS panel I use for my desktop computer. Compared to an IPS panel, the viewing angles on this laptop suck...plain and simple. If you're use to TN panels and don't mind it, then fine. However if you're use to IPS panels be prepared to recede back into the dark ages of screen technology. Deviate more than 15 degrees in any plane from exactly perpendicular to the screen, and colors become pretty distorted. Most of the time this isn't really a huge issue though.So, if you want a good looking computer that will do all your tasks (besides super CPU/GPU intensive) and do them quickly, this computer is a steal. It's super thin, very quiet, and runs great. It doesn't have some of the higher end features of a Macbook, but it's also 4 times less expensive. It's a great computer, I would buy it again, and I would recommend it for anyone else too.