Update: February 10, 2013...I worked with the customer service specialist below and I have had my computer repaired. I didn't have to use my other warranty. I'm still not wholly happy that the computer had so many things wrong with it, but I was glad that they replaced everything.  I WILL KEEP UPDATING. II purchased this computer in October 2012 and I've been disappointed with the constant small problems this machine has had out of the box.I assumed when buying a premium laptop, that I would receive a premium product, but I've been very disappointed.I primarily bought the Asus Zenbook because I'm disabled and self employed and I needed a very light but fast laptop.I'm not a programmer, but I run an internet consulting and research business, and I am entirely dependent on the computer for my income.I've been primarily a dell latitude user for the past 10 years, but wanted to treat myself to something that was more state of the art. I was attracted to the ASUS Zenbook as an apple alternative. This is the most expensive computer I've purchased and I had very high hopes for it.The good1) This is a beautiful machine and I loved unboxing it. People compliment me on its beauty all the time.2) I love the responsiveness of the solid state drive. I'm never going back to a traditional hard drive again. The programs and the operating speed is fast fast fast.3) the keyboard is a good size and is easy to type on.4) The computer is really lightweight!5) The audio is pretty good for a laptop.The bad1) The screen is beautiful but very fragile. I've had two six inch white marks spontaneously appear on the screen and I've only owned the computer since October2) From the start I've have a really difficult time with the virtual wi-fi miniport. Although the system usually hooks up to my wifi when the machine is booted up, after putting it in sleep mode I've needed to continually troubleshoot my wifi to get it to reconnect. The troubleshooter has given me various solutions including reloading the wifi card (which is internal). I've used ASUS's online technical suppor which suggested I download new drivers, which I did with no improvement.3) The last straw is that tonight, after less than 3 months of use, the ac adapter has started to misbehave in that way where you need to jiggle to adapter input and pull the wires to get the adapter to recharge the battery, so you have to push and pull at the adapter and it continually stops recharging, and you have to jiggle and jiggle it. I've had this problem with Dells before, and it could be the adapter or it could be a bad soldering job and unlike the other problems, I can't work around this one and still use the machine.I went through a lot of things with the Dell Latitudes, but not in the first three months! I'm really disappointed because I've heard many good things about ASUS and this machine has been a disappointment.I'm currently trying to figure out whether I should deal with ASUS or deal with Square Deal (where I also purchased a warranty) to have these problems fixed.I've tried to contact ASUS by email about my original wifi problem and the person tried to be helpful, but didn't acknowledge that I had already reinstalled the drivers etc. I'd rather go through ASUS so I don't invalidate my Square Deal Warranty, but although they offer accident protection, You need to sign up in several different places, and I'm concerned that I might have missed the deadline by a few days on the accident protection (I'm assuming the screen issue will be considered an "accident" even though I have no idea how it got there.Anyway, if you need a laptop for business purposes, you probably want to buy something more reliable, and where you sign up in just ONE place for services vs. multiple place.Maybe I just got a lemon, but I'm sad I'll need to go through the hassle of backing up, boxing up and returning a new computer for a handful of manufacturing or design issues. I'm especially unhappy because it is a premium machine. My dell latitude just keeps plugging along, and I guess i'm going to go back to that while this gets fixed.