After much research, I was tempted to buy the HP Envy 15. To be honest, I was very nervous because like many, I had read about the touchpad and screen issues. However, I have to say that I absolutely love everything about this computer!! For the money that you invest, you will not find a better machine.  I bought mine from Costco because it comes with a 2-year warranty, only difference is that the Amazon one comes with a faster ram speed. Grrrr. Other than that they are the same exact machine.Pros:  - Super quick computer. The second-generation 2670 quad core 2.2 ghz processor is lightening quick. Add to that 8 gbs of solid ram and you got a machine that will handle anything thrown at it.  - The battery life on this machine is superb. On a full charge, it will give you a solid 4-5 hours of non stop use surfing the web and normal use. I have not tested it with movies or games yet but I generally plug the laptop in when i play games.  - The audio on this machine is amazing. The six speakers sound really nice. This is as loud as you can get for laptops and the listening experience increases dramatically when you plug in the  headphones. I don't do any work with music so I'm not an expert on that topic. However I am a college student and I generally have the headphones plugged in and the music from this machine sounds amazing.  - The display is really nice. The HP Envy is among the very few laptops with the best screens available. The screen has high clarity, reading on this machine is a pleasure. Movies look really nice. The red looks orange issue is present. IMHO it really is not a distraction if you are a regular user and do not do any graphic work. To the normal eye, it is barely noticeable.  - The back-light keyboard is nice touch. It doesn't bleed out like the Dell XPS 15z.  - The fans are really quiet and i mean really quiet!! HP got this right. I can place this machine on my lap for hours and it does not heat up one bit. Again when I play games, I use a cooler because computers generally run hotter when the graphics card is under strain.  - Extremely light. This is a joy because I can carry this laptop around campus without too much of a burden. I'm replacing the Envy with my old 17" Gateway FX which was a beast in its own right. However that laptop weighed over 10 pounds so this is definitely an upgrade weight wise. The power cable brick is pretty slim so it is not that heavy.Cons:  - The track pad has some issues with it. Two-Finger scrolling works but it is kind of laggy. Maybe it is my fingers but sometimes it doesn't scroll properly. For this there are a couple of fixes. One, you can download this program called TwoFingerScroll from google. This is a real nice program that also allows you to right click by tapping with two fingers. Another thing you can do is turn off two-finger scrolling and turn on normal scrolling. I actually like using this much better because I'm used to it.  - The keyboard on the wsad side has flex in it. To be honest, i would not have noticed this if i had not read about it in reviews.  However once you know about it, you can tell that it is there. However it is not bothersome when typing and the keyboard is relatively quiet. I did however read that the flex fixes it self out over use however I cannot say it is so since I've only had this laptop for a week.Overall, I'm really pleased with my purchase. It also comes with a niffty little feature, there are two red lights that will light up when you are in front of the computer and when you walk away, it will turn off the screen after some time to conserve battery. The computer is really snappy and is very speedy. Surfing the web, watching movies and playing games is a pleasure on this laptop because of the Radiance screen. I just wish HP had fixed the Red/Orange issue on this laptop because for this amazing screen, that is the only downside. That may be a deal breaker for people who are invloved with graphic design and such but for normal users, it is really not that big of an issue. To be fair, I will take off one star for that issue because it has been present for sometime and HP has done nothing to address the issue. However for the money you are spending, this computer can get everything done for you.