I purchased this model after having problems running poorly optimized games on an A8-3500M Toshiba brand laptop. I'm not entirely sure if the problem was a low 1.5 ghz clock speed, or simply that the onboard graphics were too underpowered to run most games (Radeon 6620g). This was a surprise to me since the a8 was touted as being a game capable unit, when I bought it, by the computing community, however later I found out that it all depended on the game: Some games are simply not as capable of using the hardware as others. After a few days of off and on work however, most games managed to function well enough to play, though this was borderline.The Acer Aspire 552pg-x809 is clearly in a different league than most a8 and a10 laptops due to having 2 graphic chips in tandem: the onboard 8650m capable Radeon cores on the APU, and a dedicated 8750m Radeon discrete chip. Now I finally have a rig that is capable of running pretty much any MMO that I try, as of Feb. 2014. While I wouldn't necessarily be turned off of APU only laptops, I doubt that an everyday user would be able to get games to run sufficiently well on them, frankly. Even on this Acer, ignoring all the optimization you can learn to do, you are not informed about basics like the Switchable Graphics option (by right clicking on the desktop, and selecting the item), which is where you enable specific apps to use both cards in tandem. It is set to default to the single core onboard the APU, meaning that missing this little detail is a key difference between game and no game! Now I am an old hand at desktops, but if I would not have run across other reviews talking about it, I would not have known what to look for. Incidentally, with limited certainty I can advise you not to use the AMD.com drivers, since Switchable Graphics isn't accessible after installing them, and I actually had to roll back my system to get this option to work again. You will have to go with the Acer supplied drivers, supposedly.Core gaming function out of the way, I can tell you this laptop is sexy, and capable in other aspects as well. The touchscreen works flawlessly, the WiFi is a/b/g/n (meaning 5ghz 802.11n), the keyboard is highly functional, and the trackpad is decent. All of these items are one notch above any other laptop in the same price range, which means Acer gets my vote for Vendor That Gets It: This is a gaming laptop well south of $1000 that doesn't skimp on anything. I believe this laptop was a new design vehicle, since the margins can't really be all that great. The only skimp is one typical of all 15.6 inch A8 and A10 laptops: a 1366 by 768 screen resolution that doesn't do the unit justice frankly, though contrary to reviews I find the screen to be crisp and bright. There is a bonus in that games only have to pump 720p of pixels, which improves framerate while still maintaining crisp graphics. Little known fact is that LED monitors don't scale well to lower resolutions, so in my experience it is better to run at the monitor's native resolution.As for Windows 8, it only takes a few days to get used to, but I can understand how those few days trudging around the new UI would lead to some choice words, my advice is to learn to use the Windows key, and perhaps even take a course or buy a book on the OS. While that seems a little radical, some people are just not going to be able to figure this UI out any other way, and because I have yet to do this, I simply don't know how to dig for every setting, as I could on W7 yet.The one bizarre aspect of this monitor that makes me think it is a design vehivle, is that the majority of ports are situated on the rear of the unit, including the USB 3.0 port, and especially the power port. This effectively means you have to keep the rear of the unit in mind when shifting positions. Personally I have not run into a problem yet, but I can imagine use case scenarios where cables coming from the back could make for interesting situations. The reason the plugs are on the back, by the way, is that this is an UltraThin laptop... the sides are simply too short in most areas to accommodate ports. This device is sexy, no doubt... It is wonderful to look at, but you begin to understand why laptops are the way they are after seeing this beaut.TL;DR Sexy, capable, and a steal at 800$.