First off, I'd like to say that this is my fist Asus product. Before, all my computers had been HP's. While researching, I was looking for a couple main things: primarily a powerful GPU, ample storage space, a fast HD, plenty of RAM, and a Core i7 CPU. Now I'll break it down into categories.Aesthetics:The screen is HUGE. 17.3 inches is amazing, and it is incredibly vibrant. The native 1920 x 1080 resolution is amazing - it really is "True HD". So far, I've tried Netflix, YouTube and Vimeo, all at HD, and they look beautiful. The laptop itself is quite big and heavy, but that's what you would expect since it is 17.3". The lid closes nicely, too. I love where the ventilation is placed, since my last computer had the vent on the bottom, and it would burn my lap. The vent on the side is very convenient, and is great.Ports: This computer has 2x USB 2.0 ports, 2x USB 3.0 ports which are 10x faster. There are two on each side, which is nice if you like a mouse. There is also an HDMI output port (perfect for TV), VGA output, a multi-card reader, headphone and mic jacks, and an Ethernet port. I have tested all of these, and they all work great. The Blu-Ray reader/burner is amazing, and all Dvd's are automatically made HD, which is a great feature.Track pad: The track pad is just about as big as a Macbook's, and has some gestures too. Asus is catching up to Apple, but Apple is still in the lead in the track pad department. The two keys (left and right click)aren't so hot. You have to click the very far left on the left-click, which is a bit annoying.CPU: The CPU is FAST - clocking in at 2.2 Ghz. It has quad-core processing, which is very helpful for those who need to run many programs at once. I haven't completely taxed it yet, and I don't plan too. Needless to say, it can handle all programs with ease.GPU: The Nvidia GPU (Nvidia GT 555m) runs everything fluently. So far, I have tried Team Fortress 2, DOTA 2, Uberstrike, and Borderlands 2. Here is a list of FPS for those of you who game.TF2 - High: 40-60 FPS Normal: 60-100 FPS Low: 100-150 FPSDOTA 2 - High: 75-90 FPS Normal: 80-100 FPS Low: 100-150 FPSUberstrike - High: 60-80 FPS, depending on maps Normal: Same as high Low: 80-150 FPSBL2 - High: 40-50 FPS Normal: 50-70 Low: 60-80If you are into gaming, such as running Steam, I HIGHLY recommend this computer.RAM: 8GB of RAM is more than enough to run even the most graphic-intensive or CPU demanding programs. Expandable to 16GB on this PC.Hard Drive: 1 TB is big, more than enough for me. It is partitioned into four drives, each has 250 GB. The hard drives are all spinning at 7200 RPM, which is fast, not as fast as the VelociRaptor, which is 10000 RPM, but still very fast. Again, more than enough room.Keyboard: The keyboard is a bit clacky, although I'm still getting used to it. I keep hitting caps lock when reaching for "A", but that's a minor detail. The volume buttons on the side are very helpful, I use them all the time. All in all, it's not bad. NOTE: Sadly, this keyboard is NOT BACKLIT. Take that into consideration if you live in a cave ;).Sound: WOW. Asus lives up to their standards. The free sub woofer is amazing, I use it when I'm gaming and watching movies. Bang & Olufsen ICEpower speakers are very nice, and the huge speaker bar at the front of the computer is a great touch.Bloatware: This computer (thankfully) doesn't come with too much bloatware. Most of it is very helpful, such as Nvidia Optimus technology, and other helpful programs.Problems so far: None. Of course, I had to wait a while for it to boot up, since there were 92 updates, but it's hasn't stuttered since.Overall: An amazing buy. I got my for $950, NIB, and it is amazing. Definitely a keeper.