I'll start by saying this is about my fourth or fifth MBP I've owned.  The ones before it worked flawlessly.  I thought I was "upgrading" to this machine but I was WRONG.  Boy was I wrong.  The changes that came along with Mountain Lion are downright horrific to the point that I'm ready to throw this thing against the wall.  I am SO frustrated with this messy, imprecise, unpredictable user experience!  So what sucks about it?--Now when you scroll on a webpage more than two or three times, the page will begin scrolling EXTREMELY fast causing you to lose your place and have to backtrack to try and find it.  Scroll a couple more times and it happens AGAIN.  This is f'ing maddening.  What's even more maddening is that this has been forced upon us with no option to turn it off!  I've called Applecare about it multiple times now and I'm told it's a "design feature."  WELL IT SUCKS!  Supposedly it's to mimic how an iPhone works?  I don't know, as I don't own an iPhone--but I do know one thing!  I DON'T WANT MY LAPTOP ACTING LIKE A F'ING IPHONE!!!--Rubber-banding effect on webpages.  This is where the webpage (or folder, etc) will stretch beyond its boundaries and then "snap back."  Now this wouldn't be a big deal if the rubber-banding only occurred on the tops and bottoms of webpages, but Apple has also decided to implement it on the SIDES of webpages.  This causes webpages to slip and slide all over the f'ing place, making it extremely annoying when trying to read text while scrolling!  Again, no way to turn this "design feature" off!--Apple has also decided to change all the trackpad gestures, and not for the better.  AGAIN!!!!  No ability to revert them back to what they were in Snow Leopard.  Seriously--how hard would it be for Apple to simple offer an option to use the older, more familiar settings for these sorts of things?  I did manage to set my frontward/backward webpage settings to three-finger swipe like I'm accustomed to from SL.  Cool!  Ummm, too bad it barely works!  Half the time the trackpad is completely unresponsive when using this gesture.  How.  F'ing.  Obnoxious.I am racking my brain trying to figure out a way to get RID of this thing and go back to an older MBP running Snow Leopard (which was NEVER broken so I'm not sure why Apple went and tried to fix it!)  Unfortunately if I return it, I'll be slapped with hefty a restocking fee.  And I don't have the conscience to pawn this hunk of junk off on someone else.  I have never in my life regretted an "upgrade" like I have with this purchase.  I have learned the hard way: Newer does NOT always mean better!!!  If I wanted a frustrating user experience I would have simply purchased a $279 Toshiba running Windows!!!  I will not rest until I get rid of this computer or Apple fixes their annoying "design features" which do nothing but infuriate me and many others!