This is more or less a first impressions review. I've put it through its paces, and I feel I can accurately review its performance. The review may change if the laptop falls to pieces over the next few months.I'm perfectly happy with this laptop, and if the price I had paid for it ($750 used including a gift card) been the standard price, or $50 more, I would give it 5 stars. Unfortunately, for close to $1000 new, it is lacking a lot of features for a laptop of its price. Its hard drive is slow (which i'll fix with a hybrid drive,) the keyboard is not backlit (which should be a standard feature in my opinion,) and the wireless card is not dual-band (and I KNOW you can get those cheap. I bought an intel card WITH bluetooth AND dual band wifi for $25 for a friend, here on amazon.)But on the other hand, the performance and touchscreen almost make up for it. It games great (for reference: plays Bioshock Infinite on medium or high depending on if your want 60 FPS or not,) and is otherwise speedy at everyday tasks.A note for the gamers: I had trouble playing games initially (games defaulting to VERY low settings,) and I found out that the computer also has integrated Intel graphics in the CPU as well as the Nvidia GPU. The Nvidia control panel defaults to the intel graphics (good for most things that aren't video games,) and is supposed to switch automatically to the Nvidia chip when it needs it, but it never does. You have to open the control panel, go to 3D settings, and either set up a rule for every game/program you have, or do what I did, and set the default to the "High performance NVIDIA Processor." This will probably take a toll on your battery life, but so far, my battery still lasts at least 4 hours when I'm not playing games. I also recommend going to the Nvidia website and installing the GeForce Experience program immediately. It does a good job of changing settings for games to get the most out of them, and in my case, fixed the driver updater, which was broken on my computer.Along with that, I find the touchscreen functions vital to the Windows 8 experience. being able to swipe the edge of the screen to swap between active apps/windows is very useful, along with the multi-touch functions of the touchpad (mainly the 3-finger swipe down to minimize all windows.)So all in all, this laptop is AMAZING for the price I bought it, but they are using the touchscreen as a marketing gimmick to jack up the price. If you want this laptop but you don't feel like wasting your money, BUY IT USED from one of the Amazon Warehouse resellers. I bought a "used-very good" one, and it arrived in all but brand new condition. I bought one that had "all original accessories" and came in the original box, but the accessories were a user manual and a hand-sized microfiber cloth, so you could probably get away with one of the repackaged ones with just the AC adapter, which would bring the price below $800.Oh, and ONE LAST THING: This thing puts out an incredibly small amount of heat! My last laptop was a gaming one from about 4 years ago, and was on about the same performance level as this laptop. This laptop gets "mildly warm" when I play games, as apposed to my old one, which PHYSICALLY HURT you when you put your hand over the exit vent (as in, you can't hold your hand there for more than a few seconds or else you start cooking your fingers.) It puts out an insanely small amount of heat in my opinion, and has hardly risen above the ambient room temperature until I load up a game (which you will definitely need a cooling pad for.)