PROS:Best price/performance power ratio for under $1000.... period.Dual GT 750M graphics powers through most games and sometimes performs better than more powerful single cards (comparable to GTX 770M).Back-lit red keyboard is geek sexy.Plays MOST games at high/ultra settings at 60 FPS.Overall design is sleek and stands out without being gaudy.Best built-in speakers I have heard on a laptop (have owned 4 and my wife has gone through 2).CONS:Takes some work to get some features working properly (Optimus, Turbo Boost, etc.).Buggy WiFi software/drivers included cause issues (see Other Thoughts).Stock cooling setup doesn't handle CPU/GPU under heavy load very well and temps can get high on certain games maxed out (Bioshock Infinite, Crysis 3).Trackpad is one of the worst I have personally experienced on a laptop.Lots of unneeded crapware/missing useful utility software pre-installed.Other Thoughts:This is ALMOST the perfect Steam gaming laptop! This machine is ideal for Steam and direct download gaming services as it has no optical drive and replaces it with an Ultrabay secondary GT 750M GPU for extra performance. Now, if you think you are just going to take this laptop out and connect to Steam out of box, you may be disappointed. The included Intel ProSet Wireless software is crap and doesn't play nice with Intel N Centrino card on certain networks (N Wireless). I had done my research and just uninstalled this Intel software (you don't need it). I also uninstalled the included drivers and let Windows install default generic wireless drivers and it worked fine. Then went to install newest drivers off Lenovo and forgot to uncheck the box Install Intel ProSet software. Steam could not connect error after install. WTH? Uninstalled software and now working perfectly. Nothing wrong with the WiFi card (5-10 minutes to fix but a pain). Now, onto gaming performance which is why you're probably looking at this. This laptop plays most games in High/Ultra settings without breaking a sweat. Some benchmarks on games tested so far:Alice Madness Returns (Settings maxed, PhysX Medium): 30 FPS capBioshock Infinite (Ultra/No DDOF): ~60 FPS (see below)Dark Souls (DSFix SMAA & AO maxed): 30 FPS cap (no SLI)Dishonored (Ultra/maxed settings): 60 FPSDMC Devil May Cry (Ultra/maxed): 60 FPSElders Scrolls V: Skyrim (Ultra preset): ~60 FPSNow, I said most games this thing doesn't break a sweat, but if you enable Turbo Boost (Lenovo disables by default if GPU is under load) and play Bioshock Infinite the temps soar. Mine got so hot that I saw frames dip to almost 0 momentarily and then recover, a sign of real world throttle due to sensors recognizing ceiling allowable temps. I exited out and reset back to stock base clock (no Turbo Boost) and made some tweaks using Nvidia Inspector to control temps and no more overheating and FPS performance went up. Lenovo should have had a better stock cooling solution (better heatsink, more efficient fans, Arctic Silver Thermal Paste!) in place instead of disabling a built-in OEM feature on the Intel chip. Just lazy. Most games not affected by CPU power, except Battlefield 3 MP and Crysis 3 on certain settings.  That being said if you're using this just for gaming and not doing photo/video editing, complex math equations, flight simulators, using certain emulators  (PCSX2, Dolphin) or other CPU intensive tasks, I suggest you save your money and your temps and get this beast over the i7. Take the money you saved and invest in a decent bluetooth mouse and a laptop cooling pad, or even better- a good priced SSD. This will up your performance and bring temps down further due to no HDD spinning. So why with some of these faults did I give this a 5 star rating? With some tweaks/mods (non hardware) this thing performs like no other laptop at this price (~$900-1000). Overall, I am very pleased with the gaming performance of this laptop and at this price ($879 at this time) it can't be beat!