Let preface this by stating I am OCD when it comes to my electronics. I notice EVERYTHING.So let's start with ...THE BAD:It's no surprise that at this price-point, there would be some minor defects. I ended up returning one (maybe two ... not gonna lie) before I was satisfied. The first one had a "pimple" formed in the plastic casing of the tablet, which is fine ... it's cosmetic. But then I attached the dock and the trackpad was doing all sorts of crazy things that I could not fix, regardless of the settings, so I sent it back. I was not sure about a windows tablet anyway ... I am really an Apple person. A few weeks later, Amazon offered it $30 cheaper! This enticed me to try it again. It arrived with no blemish on the casing and no trackpad issues. HOWEVER, there is a noticeable light bleed that appears near the right bracket where the docking station connects. I believe this to be a design flaw, but it's not really that annoying, unless it's going to distract you while watching a movie in the dark with the black bars on top and bottom. I confirmed this by viewing another unit, which exhibited the exact same screen irregularity. Other negatives include:- I'm having difficulty getting the micro SD card reader to read my class 10 card and it seems this is a shared experience. It only likes certain card manufacturers so do your research.- It's a fingerprint MAGNET, so keep a microfiber cloth handy- Get a case, because the polished plastic casing on this scratches like no one's business- As reviews have stated, the screen is not the best (obviously, from what I said about the light bleed that comes standard with each), but I feel that it does the job JUST FINE. It's clear and pleasant to view. Could the contrast be better? Yes. Could it be brighter for better viewing in bright areas and less glare? Yes. Are you going to absolutely hate it? No ... it's no retina display, but it's much sharper than the display on the first iPad Mini or 1st gen iPad. You are not going to find a 10 inch tablet at this price-point. Would you rather a great processor with a good screen? Or a second-rate processor with a super 1080P screen at a higher price-point? Pick your battles, bargain shoppers.THE GOOD:- This. Thing. Is. FAST! So smooth switching through menus and such a pleasure to navigate.- FULL WINDOWS 8.1!!! I love the versatility of being able to use the new interface, while also being able to go back to the windows we are all familiar with.- Microsoft Office!!! You get the full office programs that you need for school: MS Word, MS Excel, and MS PowerPoint. What a great value for someone getting this for their student or just the average user. And recently, I started using OneNote and it is a TOTAL JOY with this tablet. I hold it like a clipboard and write my notes during management meetings. Everyone asks me what I'm using. It's so effortless. I love it. It transfers through the cloud to my office computer so I can share the meeting notes with my staff. The tablet is excellent for this purpose.- Accurate touch response on what I understand is Gorilla Glass (so it's scratch resistant as well)- Dock - I don't know know why some reviewers state the dock is cheap and uncomfortable to use. I find that it feels solid, responsive, and easy to type (and I'm actually a typist). My hands are also above average size.- The screen is still considered HD - it's not 1080P, but it is 720P and even with the slightly annoying light bleed, none of the three units I "tested" (we'll go with that) had a single dead or stuck pixel. That's saying A LOT. I have seen MUCH MORE expensive tablets plagued with dead pixel issues and/or dust trapped under the screen. Props to ASUS for that!Why buy this?You're a student on a budget (perfect) -OR- you're a guy like me who wanted a cheaper 10" tablet that was great for FULL ON, unrestricted web browsing (remember that Android and Apple don't do flash). That was my intention initially, but what I GOT was more than I anticipated. I use it for taking notes during meetings at work, for some light gaming, and I use the BING apps constantly to read news, etc. (check out the health app with the 3d human body - it's awesome).Despite some minor improvements that could be made, you cannot go wrong with this as an entry-level Windows tablet. It's a much more cost-effective alternative to the $500+ tablets out there that can't do half what this does.