Lets start with the specs: Well as the description of the laptop given, amazon delivered the same product as advertised with prompt delivery and works perfectly.Some review states power button issues. To be honest I have not had any hardware problems so far. The other featured buttons may stop working when wondows 7 updates itself due to some driver conflict or something but that is no big deal, since all you have to do is downlaod the 'ATK drivers' from the website and the the buttons work perfectly again. (ASUS shouldnt be blamed for this to be honest, Windows should be !! )SCREEN: is not 3D but a really brilliant 1080p full HD screen.KEYBOARD: Backlit, comfortable and good quality. I find it softer than my previously owned HP. Tha back light has 3 illumintaion levels not a major feature but still comes in handy when working at night.CAMERA: Standard 2mp works a charm for its class.AUDIO: Much better than others I have heard. Good clarity and no jarring. Of course cant expect a surround sound or deep bass output its not made for your home theatre, if you are a audiophile invest in good external speakers (no brainer)!CD/DVD DRIVE: standard dvd drive for writing and reading which most laptops have. Unfortunately no blueray, but for me I never use BRdvds.GRAPHICS CARD: It has been handling everything from C.O.D to CRYSIS 2 amd most FPS games on high settings. Reviews say elsewise but it works perfectly for me. Still lot of games to play, so far so good. Not tried its 3D capability since if you really want 3D invest in a 3D system rather.There is a lot the 3D market has to develop still so dont bother much about it. AS far as I have heard the 3D capabilites are pretty decent. (Can't have everything for peanuts can you ! ;)PROCESSING: The i7-2630QM works a charm. I use a lot of photo softwares and does pretty well when the application is demanding. It is not as smooth as butter but performs well not to worry. It cut my editting time to half than my HP which was T9300 Core 2 duo 2.6GHZ with 4GB RAM and 256mb dedicated nvidia gfx card. In addition the ASUS has 8GB 1333Ghx RAM so thats a plus point. you can add upto 16GB.OS: Everything works fine as usual. The suprise is that it boots really quick than the Alienware or anyother laptops with similar configs!!! Tried and tested :)SOFTWARES: ASUS has put some extras in already which I think are annoying so I removed many of them which have no real functionality but its all upto you according to your way of working.ACCESSSORIES: NO bag or mouse included.Charger is more like an SMPS (LOL!) but it doesnt really matter to me since the charger is not my key feature I am investing in.If your wondering what can you fit this laptop in try 17" laptop bags coz they have enough room for this beast. I have just ordered a Lowepro Compuday (Slate) which can hold my DSLR and my laptop not yet seen if it fits since hasnt arrived yet but its worht a shot if you can preview it before you buy. Even alienwares ORION backpack accomodates without issues. I am sure there are many other out there just make sure its about 17" backpacks to save you the trouble.Overall this laptop has been reliable, very good build quality, really good price according to all the research I have been doing for months, this laptop has the best configuration for its afforadable price. Period.P.S: ALienware was my first option but seems they just over price you for the same configuration plus alienware looks much plasticy than this one. So if you want an alienware and no money for the fancy thing this laptop gives u the same for half the price and to my opinion better in quality and design.