I purchased this laptop to replace a 4 year old Samsung R580 (i5 version) because the touchpad had broken.  I wanted a laptop that was thinner and lighter but still has a number pad to take to class.  I also wanted a dedicated graphics card and a 1080p screen for light gaming and more screen real estate for easier debugging in eclipse(it's not easy to do on a 1366x768 screen).Hard Disk Drive:I've had this machine for a little over two weeks now.  It comes with a 500GB Hybrid drive with a 16GB SSD cache.  Other similar acer models some with a standard hard drive and a physically separate 24GB mSata SSD.  I was unsure when buying this laptop on the hard drive setup, as the information about this model on the web is pretty scarce.  I was glad to find both mSata and Sata III drive bays inside the case.I purchased a 240GB Crucial m500 mSata to use as the main drive with Windows installed and re-used a 120GB Crucial m4 Sata drive to replace the 5400rpm Hybrid Drive.  The speed difference was noticeable, especially on reboots. Note: The mSata port is not in use out of the box, so if you add a drive to that port, you will need to find your own screw to hold the drive in place(The screws that come with the Crucial m500 are too small).Screen:Moving to a 1080p screen from a 1366x768 is a huge difference, and the IPS panel looks great from a lot of angles. The touchscreen is nice, but trying to use it on a 15.6 inch screen with 1080p is really difficult.  Sure, navigating the Metro UI is easy, but trying to browse the web and accurately click links is practically impossible.  My biggest issue with the screen: when trying to flip open the screen, my screen is actually separating from the case.  There is a glue that holds the screen to the case, but mine does not hold.  I may super glue it, but it is a definite lapse in build quality.Graphics:I upgraded from a nVidia 310m to a nVidia 750m, this is a huge improvement.  I am able to play Civilization V at 1080p and high settings with little issue.  This laptop uses nVidia's optimus technology which automatically switches between the Intel HD4400 and the 750m when running games.  There is also an option to manually select which graphics processor to use on a per program basis.  The laptop can get pretty warm when under intense load, so make sure it ventilated.Battery:The battery appears to be easily replaceable, should it be necessary.  I haven't done a full battery test yet but after 4 hours of web browsing, the battery was reporting 58% life left.  I have removed the mechanical drive, so my battery life is going to be a little better than what you would get out of the box (the m500 uses 1.15watts at idle, whereas mechanical drives use ~5-9 watts at idle).Pre-installed programs/Bloatware:Acer has provided a lot of extra programs on this laptop, some of them are useful, like the acer backup utility.  Most of them are annoying trials of useless programs and of course McAfee.  I spent about 2.5 hours removing garbage.  I recommend you save yourself the headache and just install a clean version of Windows.Others:There is absolutely no indicators for caps lock, num lock, and scroll lock, no lights, no on screen confirmations, nothing.  Very annoying.The backlit keyboard is nice but is very faint in some spots.Pros:Beautiful IPS screenAluminum-like case shows less fingerprintsBacklit KeyboardDedicated graphics cardLong Power cableBattery looks easily replaceableCons:Insane amount of bloatwareTouchpad is off-center, which makes it really difficult to select text or click and dragNo notifications for caps lock, num lock, scroll lock, or touchpad on/offOnly one RAM slotScreen is easily separated from the case(very weak glue)Overall:3.5 stars.