I purchased this exact i5 Helix pre-launch from an Ebay reseller so I've had about a month of use with it. If you don't already know from watching one of those brief Helix ads, it's a tablet convertible laptop with dual batteries. I'll skip all the specs and go to my experience.First of all, I come from using a Surface RT, Razer Blade, and self-built PCs. I sold my Surface RT and Razer Blade to pursue my journey of finding my ultimate device to augment my work. Razer Blade was incredibly fast and powerful, but it was too big, gets too hot on the lap, and looks unprofessional. The Surface RT's kickstand is a pain to use on a lap. It keeps falling over and it's ARM processor doesn't allow for freedom of programming languages. I have to use Python and Visual Basic for financial modeling. The Helix fixes all these issues for me of course. Design-wise, I believe it to be the best implementation of a convertible so far. I'll list the negatives though.The touchpad is frustrating. The usual Thinkpad buttons are gone and the whole pad is allowed to be touched to move the pointer. That's a problem because when I click, I tend to move my finger. I would ultimately start dragging things or clicking the wrong links. Lowering the sensitivity helps but it really shouldn't be that troublesome. Lowering sensitivity obviously makes it less responsive, such as touching the touchpad slightly to the side of your finger won't be registered if sensitivity is too low.Two-finger scrolling is terribly unresponsive and unusable. I have since switched to one-finger scroll with the circular gesture. I find the one-finger scroll to respond enough of the time to work effectively. However, it is no match to a MacBook's touchpad's two-finger scroll response. I wish they got this right.Fan is always on. Don't get me wrong, the fan is not noisy compared to something like the Razer, but it's strange that it has not turned off while I just type this review. I can't really figure out how to install TPfancontrol for the Helix. Some help would be appreciated.The upper right corner of screen/tablet can get pretty hot. It's not too much trouble for me since I usually work on my lap and there is no heat from the keyboard.The battery life is great but it's nothing like the Surface RT. The Surface RT claims 8 hour battery life. Lenovo claims 10 for the Helix. Well, if both were playing videos, I'm sure the Surface RT would last longer. The Helix drains quicker. The battery life is still phenomenal for a device this powerful, and I haven't needed to charge at work yet. However, I watch my battery life closer with the Helix than I did with the Helix. I drain the keyboard battery so quickly. I understand it is a trade-off though. The Helix has a much nicer display and I can definitely attach an external monitor or TV to the Helix. I would experience horrible, unusable lag if I did that with the Surface.Next problem may be a Windows 8 issue. Because the Helix is 1080p and only 11.6", everything is pretty small. If I try to get Windows to enlarge icons, text, etc., fonts and pictures would look blurry. I haven't found a solution to this yet except keeping to the default smaller settings.Next issue is the price. For about $1700, this is extremely expensive. I LOVE the design but I start to doubt whether it's really worth the price. I love a small tablet PC that I can work on in bed with a fantastic feeling keyboard. One alternative is the Thinkpad Tablet 2 which I tried in a store and it was pretty awesome. I actually prefer the design of the Tablet 2 over the Helix. It is so small and Lenovo designed a beautiful case for it. The problem with it is that I cannot adjust the screen angle, hdd space is limited, keyboard trackpoint is annoying, and the performance of the processor with multiple screens is dubious. However, as a simple programming and office device, I could see myself happy with the Tablet 2. For now, I still think the Thinkpad Helix is possibly the best business laptop, but I would love a slimmed down version that's even thinner and cheaper.