The Sony T series ultra book is an brushed aluminum clad laptop with a 14 inch touch screen. It weighs 4.10 pounds; not a featherweight by any means. It's angular design is accentuated by the chamfered edges on the front. The laptop itself is not completely clad in metal; beyond the top of the laptop, the rest of the laptop is made from a matching silver plastic with a chrome accent strip along the back of the laptop lid.Ports include ethernet, two USB ports (one USB 3.0), VGA and HDMI video, and slots for both SD cards and Memory Sticks (this is, after all, a Sony laptop). The USB 3.0 port can be active while the laptop is off for charging devices. While all ports fit somewhat flush with the surface of the laptop, the headphone jack protrudes, breaking the smooth edge. Two speakers, located above the keyboard and near the screen, play fairly loudly for their size, but the sound is quite bright, with some midrange and no bass at all.The display is a LED backlit 1366x768 screen with a capacitive touch overlay. As another reviewer noted, there is a gap between the display and the touch overlay. Screen resolution is par for the course in this price range. The viewing angle of the screen requires more attention to adjustment than it should, and the glossy surface of the display is quite reflective. The multitouch screen surface works well - very fluid with a smooth rigid surface.The laptop is fairly quiet during normal operation, with a gentle whir of the fan in the background. The fan does kick in during CPU intensive tasks, or when running some background task. Sometimes there is not a clue as to why, but fortunately this is not often. However, the laptop remains cool enough, despite Sony's warning to not use this laptop where it can come in contact with bare skin.The keyboard is an "island" design similar to the Macbook Pro, but the keycaps are less concave, and have a very short key press. It is perhaps a matter of preference, but it feels less comfortable to type on, lacking some of the keyboard "give" of a regular keyboard. The trackpad, on the other hand, is a nice size, supports multitouch and works well enough. The operation is like the Macbook Pro's trackpad (a click pad instead of a separate button). The shape of the trackpad reflects the screen's aspect ratio.Black Magic Design's disk speed test results were encouraging, decent performance at an average of 80 MB/s read and write speed. The hybrid SSD and conventional hard drive works well; boot times are noticeably good. Processor speed and graphics performance is definitely middle of the road; good enough for common tasks, and even light gaming.The laptop ships with Windows 8. I recommend reading reviews, or even better, trying out a Windows 8 laptop before buying. A touch screen device is integral to the experience. On one hand, it is an interesting re-imagining of the Windows experience. On the other hand, it can be mystifying for new users, and there are still odd times where old fragments of Windows show through. This may not necessarily be an entirely bad thing, as tools such as Start8 allow one to sort of bring back parts of the Windows 7 user interface, such as the start menu.Software preinstalled is a combination of Sony apps, Music apps, Art Rage Studio and a trial version of Kapersky Lab's security and antivirus software. The Sony software includes support software for the laptop (Vaio Update, Vaio Care), Sony Music and Vaio Movie Creator. Movie Creator is an extremely simplistic application for combining images, video and music into short movies. It is not a video editing application; it is software that is primarily designed to combine still images, apply a "Ken Burns" effect, and add a selected music track.In all, this is a very capable laptop marred only by it's indifferent keyboard. It is nice to look at and the touchscreen interface works quite well. It delivers a decent Windows 8 experience at an attractive price.