I have had this laoptop for two weeks and very pleased with this fine piece of technology. I am a college student (Engineer) and this laptop is perfect for productivity around campus all day, as well as entertainment in the form of music and video. I did fair amount of research before my purchase, and know what I'm talking about.Here is a quick rundown of the specs and my comments on each one.* 1.3GHz Intel SU7300 Core 2 Duo Processor-- Very Fast processor, runs windows7 perfectly. Better processor than all other thin and lights in this price range. Don't be mislead by the low speed specs. This ultra low voltage processor is the key to having great battery life.* 4GB of DDR3 RAM, 2 slots, 4GB Max-- Better quality RAM than most other laptops, 4GB is more than enough for some multitasking. (I currently have 5 firefox tabs open, itunes, and Word to type this review.) Non-upgradeable, I wish there was a little room for future enhancements, not a deal breaker.* 500GB SATA Hard Drive (5400 RPM)-- More space than I need. I've had no problems with the hard drive making noise.* 13.3" HD LED LCD Display-- Very bright display. It is GLOSSY, don't understand why everyone hates the gloss, I like it, videos look sharp.*Intel GMA 4500MH-- Average graphics card. I am not a gamer, or a video editor, and therefore have no need for the intense graphics.*0.3M Webcam-- Terrible web cam. It is very low resolution. Very slow, grainy, and dark. The facial login feature didn't really work. This is the only hardware on the laptop that is not top notch. oh well.* Windows 7 Home Premium Operating System (64 bit)-- Love windows 7. File transfer was very convenient, took a while using the wireless option, but automatically transferred all of my documents, internet settings, and some preferences.* Aesthetics-- Very sexy machine. Black aluminum outside finish is nice, gets some fingerprints. Interior glossy black plastic looks nice, gets a lot of fingerprints. My macbook toting roommate is envious.*Battery-- Mine gets about 8 hours on the entertainment setting. Make sure you lock the batter in properly, there are two locking slides. Ive read some complaints about the battery not fitting snugly, mine is pretty secure.*Track pad-- Nice, not great not terrible. Much better than HP's trackpad. Not as good as Sony's. Multi touch works great.*Keyboard-- Nice size and keys have a good bounce. Right hand shift key is small and I am still getting used to it. There is a little flex when typing.*No Optical Disk Drive-- Who cares?*Expressgate-- this is a Linux based OS that lets you surf, skype, IM, and view pictures. Have not used it extensively, but can say it actually does boot in 8 seconds. The web browser is sub-par, so if you want to browse for more than, well 8 seconds... Just use Windows (boots in 30-45 seconds).As previously mentioned I am and engineering student, have have installed MATLAB and SolidWorks and both work great. You can be confident that this laptop will run big, processor heavy programs to do any design, simulation, or programming. Oh and it can run Facebook like a boss.At the end of the day, I love this laptop and would recommend it to anyone looking for portability, functionality, and some sex-appeal. ASUS knows how to put together a quality notebook. Warranty included adds even more value, Amazon shipped it in 2 days for free.