I was very excited to get this laptop and I'm sure you have read all of the great things about the HP Envy 17 series.  And there are a lot of good things. I've had one for about 20 days.The touch pad was not installed correctly, it is about 1/16th of an inch above flush on the left side. The right side of the touch pad is flush. It may be because of the pad but I've also found that my hand lays on the pad and when I use the touch pad as a mouse, it thinks I have two fingers on the pad and zooms in and out when I am trying to navigate.I often use the F5 key to refresh a webpage.  The Envy requires holding the fn key and the F5 to refresh the call.  The really slowed me down.I found the keys did not aways "take" my keystroke causing me to type more than once.The PC crashed to a blue DOS screen showing a hardware error twice.  It was still new, and I had only installed Office 2010.The built in video was not as high of resolution as I expected for a high end laptop like this.It is very warm outputting to the left side of the laptop.  I didn't find it to be too bad thought. This model came with an extra large batter that lifted the bottom of the laptop up off the table or... - that quickly became my default battery since I didn't want it to overheat.I've had it for less than 30 days and am trying to return it rather than repair it (I would have purchased at a discount if I wanted a refurbished model within 2 weeks.)  HP seemed to be happy to transfer my 3 year HP extended care package to another laptop so that is good.I wasn't that crazy about not having separate touch pad buttons like most other laptops had.  This also caused me problems occasionally when I went to click on the button, the mouse also moved and that meant I didn't click at all.Because I've sunk the funds into the HP care pack, I have to purchase another HP to transfer the care pack so I'm kind of stuck.  I recommend holding off on purchasing the extended care until you know this laptop will work for you.  I didn't notice the sound being that much better even though there are tiny woofers in the bottom of the laptop.  It's still not a replacement for external speakers and is about par with my Hardon/Kardon speakers built in to my 2007 Toshiba Satellite.  I didn't find the screen any brighter or more resistant to sunlight glare than any other.I liked the backlight on the keyboard and the keys were pretty good except the backwards method of having to press the fn key to use F5 and others.  I am returning this one and I hope to get a better HP laptop.Overall, I expected a little more for a laptop in this price range.