I originally started looking at the ASUS G74SX-TH71 and other gaming-grade laptops when my wife and I decided to convert my sacred 'man cave' (office) into a nursery, and so the room no longer existed in our house for a desktop PC, huge glass desk, and triple 28" monitors. I definitely consider myself a gamer, and so I was skeptical about finding a worthy laptop replacement that didn't break my $1,500 maximum budget.Enter the ASUS G74SX-TH71. After much research, I decided on this machine mainly due to the cost vs performance ratio. Names like Alienware aren't important to me, and I was simply looking for the best system I could get for under $1,500.After having a few days to get acquainted with this PC, I have the following observations, both positive and negative, that I think might help others who are considering this system.*This laptop is big and heavy, relatively speaking. Weighing in at just shy of 16 pounds, this thing is a monster when compared to most other gaming laptops. And with 12.8"x16.5"x2.4" dimensions, it will only fit in all but the largest laptop backpacks and messenger bags. I myself bought a Targus XL to carry it, which is a perfect (but very snug) fit.*The Core i7/Nvidia Geforce GTX 560M (with a whopping 3GB of video and 12GB system RAM) are a lethal combination that is sufficient for 95% of your gaming needs. I am currently and mainly playing BF3, League of Legends, Cities XL 2011 and Empire Total War on this machine, and all of them run smooth. The big test for me was running BF3, and I was completely surprised to see how smooth this laptop ran, especially in multiplayer where it really counts. Dollar for dollar, I can't stress enough how great a value this machine is as a gaming laptop!*Lots of great features you'd expect in a high-end laptop, like blueray drive, integrated webcam, and useful (if not at least neat) software out of the box. I particularly like the ASUS SmartLogon feature, which uses facial recognition software to log you into your PC with the built-in HD webcam. Overall, the machine came with a minimum of bloatware that I had to remove, but I was annoyed by a lack of physical system restore media, which the computer prompts you to create.*Excellent heat management. Even after playing BF3 for and hour straight, the laptop itself is cool and the exhaust system is completely adequate. Which also bring me to another point...*Since the back of the laptop is taken up by the massive exhaust system, all ports are located on the sides. This can be a positive or negative, depending on how you look at it. I personally would have preferred the power adapter connection on the back of the laptop and not on the side.*The screen is big, bright and beautiful, but the anti-glare coating might turn some off if it's not your thing.*12GB of RAM out of the box, and another slot for 4 more! It also has a second HDD bay, which makes it easy to install an SSD to use as your OS drive for even better performance! These components are also easy to access and service, as it only takes unscrewing a single screw, and the whole panel pops out which allows access to HDDs and RAM all at once!The bottom line?As long as the sheer size and weight don't bother you, this is hands down the best value for your money you're going to find in a mid to high end gaming laptop. Sure, you can spend thousands more on something else. But this thing plays brand new, high-end, games coming out like BF3 with no problem, and has specs (and expansion capability) that put many higher-priced machines to shame. If you're on a budget, don't mind the size and weight, and need a laptop that you can play the newest games on, then look no further! Just make sure you also invest in a good product like the Targus XL or Everki Beacon to protect this beast when you're hauling it outside the home...