Ever since I have interested in assembling my own computers, Asus has been big name for me. I always chose their motherboards for any self-assembled desktop computer for me and my friend.  That legacy continued to notebook computers and I have recommended the notebooks from them to many friends and have not had a complaint from them.  I have that much belief in their product and they proved it once again with the ASUS VivoBook V551LA-DS71T.  I have been using the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T for about a month now and want to share my experience with you.First of all, I would not categorize the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T as an ultrabook.  My own definition of ultrabook is a notebook computer that weigh less than 3 pounds.  The VivoBook V551LA-DS71T is 5.3 pounds and that is way heavier than my ultrabook standard.  But the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T is a very slim notebook and compared with other 15.6 notebooks on the market, it is (ultra) light.  And it did come with DVD/CD recordable drive and this was quite exceptional for (ultra) slim notebooks.  I liked to have an optical drive without adding much depth to the notebook and this could be the clincher for some people.I have used the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T for popular applications like web browers and Microsoft Office products.  It just worked flawlessly with super fast response.  I did not run CPU-hungry applications like video encoding tools, 3D modeling software or any commercial simulation software that I do at work yet.  I bet the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T is more than enough for the day-to-day applications and i7 CPU will shine once you run serious applications.  I ran the database management system like MySQL with pretty decent size data and did not notice any speed degradation compared with the octa-core Xeon CPU desktop I use at work.  And for the graphics, if the system can run 1080p video without any frame skipping or stuttering, I would be happy and the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T played 1080p full HD videos very well.The one thing that the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T impressed me was that it was super cool (I mean, temperature) during the operations.  From my experiences, slim notebooks like this could get easily hot and you would feel heat on a palm rest, around the keyboard or the bottom part.  However, the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T was running very cool and I did not feel much heat while I was running 1080p HD video for an hour or two.  And the sound coming out from the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T was also very good.  They advertise the sound system as 'SonicMaster' and I can cleary feel the difference by comparing side by side with my other notebooks including Macbook Pro and Lenovo ThinkPad.  Specially, the bass sound was very rich and the ambience was top-notch.I am not a fan of a touch screen. If it is a tablet, I would be OK, but for the notebook computers, I just hate to leave fingerprints on the display.  I even clean the display as frequent as possible with the cleaning cloth came with the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T.  But I tried it for the testing purpose and the sensitivity was very good.  Since the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T came with Windows 8.1 (not 8 on the product description), touch screen might give you better experience to use.  But, I am not crazy about Windows 8.1 either, so I have not touched the screen after the initial test and will not try it ever.The trackpad offered some gestures and I liked the size of it.  However, two thumbs scrolling was not very smooth like the one provided on a Macbook.  Windows 8.1 sets right/left swipe to switch apps or to bring up recently used apps by default, so if you are like me who hates unwanted app popping up, you should disable it in the touchpad property.  It really bothered me and my wife and I found that other people near me had similar problems. This was not Asus' fault so I do not blame them.My gripes for the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T were all screen related.  First, the resolution of 1366*768 for a 15.6 inch display is just too low.  I felt like I was living in a big house with a one-car garage.  I wanted to see more information on this nice, big and glossy display. 1600*900 would not be a bad idea for this size and it was my preference, so your experience might be different from me.  My other gripe was that the display had too much reflection.  I knew that the reflection was a common issue for all glossy display, however, the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T had more reflection than other notebooks I have.  If you put the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T on a desk and see it from 5 foot or further, you might end up seeing your face better than the contents on the display.And the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T did not come with a backlit keyboard.  But I was OK with the touch of the keys and the layout.  Having a separate numeric keys has been always a blessing for my work.Overall, the VivoBook V551LA-DS71T is a great notebook computer with Asus quality.  8gb main memory is plenty and 750gb hard drive space is good enough.  Slim and sleek design, fantastic temperature control and awesome sound, all built inside of 1 inch thickness silver aluminium housing.  If you are looking for a notebook with big display, optical drive built-in, and powerful yet cool (no-heat), this must be it.