Update 2/15/2013After receiving the laptop back the second time from their service center, I was hoping I was done with these guys at least till the first year was over. But the battery charger stopped working AGAIN. I also noticed that after they replaced the hard drive they forgot to screw all the screws on the laptop cover (so it's literally had missing screws/screws loose). So I am returning this again to their service center.Update 9/11/2012:Finally received my laptop back from Asus tonight after about 4 weeks (8/17-9/11). I had two problems. The power adapter failed and the computer would randomly reboot and checkdisk would freeze at 13% indicating serious hard drive issues. After all this wait, they just sent me back my laptop with a new power adapter. Their manifest doesn't even mention my second (more critical) issue with the hard drive and sure enough, Checkdisk again freezes. What a horrible company and what a horrible computer. I am glad that during the 4 weeks I bought a real laptop now that it seems I have to deal with Asus some more so hopefully they will actually fix the stupid thing or replace it.Cannot re-emphasize enough the need to buy this from a place that can replace this within the first month so you don't have to deal with Asus' slow incompetent service that took about a month to send me a new charger. Will now email the customer service rep who keeps answering people's reviews here to see if I can escalate.Original Review:Buying this product seems like buying a lotto ticket. Sometimes it works, but often it does not or stops working in the first week or so.I bought this from another site which at the time had a better deal than amazon. I read all the reviews so I fixed the touchpad issue etc. But within the first week the zenbook would stop and reboot randomly or would not shut down. I called customer care and after some time I just reformatted the whole computer and it started working mostly but still would randomly (though rarely) reboot. CHKDSK would freeze midway indicating a hard drive problem. Then the charger stopped working.The computer (and the charger) look nice and fancy but I have never had so much problem with any electronic equipment from the start. I finally shipped my Zenbook back 2 weeks ago and it has been in the shop for the last 10 days (depreciating as we speak while "waiting for parts").The disadvantage of buying this over an apple Macbook air is that with Apple you can just take it to the apple store and they deal. With this product, you just have to deal with mail etc. and from the sound of other reviews and my experience with two separate portions of the product failing, it seems that you need pretty good support since the product is commonly defective.It did look nice though for the very brief period that it seemed to function. Now I am seriously considering buying a cheaper not so sleek laptop for actual use(from any of the previous companies I have bought laptops from like Sony or Toshiba) which at least functions.I wish I had bought this from Amazon so I could have easily returned it without having to wait on service from the get go.I will update this review when and if they can fix my laptop. Hopefully the price won't drop too much by then so I won't feel like a fool.P.S. they don't even extend the warranty for the time your computer spends away from you in the shop.P.P.S. I find it interesting / Sad that many of the reviewers (even the positive ones) have had to ship their zenbook back for repair/ replacement within the first couple of months.