I've had this Sony laptop for just under a month now. If I could, I'd rather rate this laptop as a 3.5. I'll explain why in my review.I replaced the HD with an SSD (I do this for all laptops I buy), so performance-wise it is boosted well into what I would expect for this price range of laptops.Laptop came with Win8 build. Dumped it in favor of WIndows 7 Pro. However, there is no media for Windows 7 (there are restore disks for Win8 though). Unless mine didn't come with the restore disk for it. Thankfully I had my own media, so not a big deal, but something to keep in mind if you don't have a Win7 disk. Because of this you're on your own for drivers outside of the basic ones provided at Sony's support site. I still have one device that I cannot find the driver for, nor do I know what the device is.For me this knocks a 1/2 star off. It's not game breaking, but it could be a potential pain if you don't have the media you need.Also, because of the lack of Win7 build, non of the software that came with the Win8 build is available. (I booted it up in it's original build just to see what I would need for Win7). This is a good and bad thing depending on how much you like Sony's management software. Personally, I don't care for management tools, so I was ok without it. But if you do want it, Sony's support site doesn't offer it for Win7.The overall build of the laptop is pretty good. Though the plastic panel around the keyboard is a bit on the flimsy side (especially towards the center around the touchpad).Speaking of touchpad, here is my biggest gripe about this laptop. For being a "new and innovative" technology that incorporates the left and right click buttons into the touchpad itself (something that Sony seems to rave about with this series)...it is the biggest piece of garbage idea ever conceived for a touchpad.Under normal use, I have a Logitech M570 wireless (love this marble mouse btw). However, when I'm on the go, the touchpad is what I would LIKE to be able to use.I normally disable the touch to click options because they, along with the myriad of scrolling and other "convenience" touchpad features become more of a pain during normal use than I care for.However, doing this opens up the real downside to this type of touchpad design.I cannot tell you how terrible, TERRIBLE, this touchpad is if you use the left and right click buttons that are built into it. To use them you need to press down on the touchpad plate at the bottom left and right sides of the pad. It's sensitivity is garbage at best. I frequently have to double or triple click (right or left) for it to register that I pressed down hard enough (I couldn't find settings to adjust the pressure sensitivity...assuming there even is one)Even basic tasks like opening an email in Outlook became a chore as I have to constantly triple or quadruple click for it to register as a "double click". Made even worse by the integrated design as while clicking, the mouse cursor floats up and you end up opening the wrong email.I don't know how often I'll use this laptop in settings where I cannot have my trust M570 out for use. But beyond that it's a decent laptop for tasks and business use.I wouldn't recommend it for heavy users. However, if you like tinkering with builds and opt not to use the touchpad exclusively, it's really not that bad of a laptop overall. Better than average, not great. 3.5 worthy in my opinion