Like so many of the other 1-star reviewers, I thought that the complaints were overblown. Computershopper.com had given this ASUS Transformer Book T100 a stellar rating, and it seemed to have everything I could want - preinstalled Office, convertibility to a tablet, minimal bloatware, attractive price... surely those people complaining about it just got the few lemons, or were the type to whine about anything.After 4 days with this computer, I am sending it back to Amazon and taking the hit of shipping cost. By the second day of trying to get this machine to work, I sounded like an abused spouse justifying its poor behavior - "I can fix it if I try harder", "once it's installed everything it won't break down again", "I shouldn't have pushed it so hard by installing that program", "hardly any computers nowadays work well right out of the box", "when it does work it's a lot of fun", etc. I've finally come to my senses and stopped with the excuses.Now, some of the things it failed to do correctly:1) start up (at least 3 times, it tried to install "updates" - for what, I don't know - shouldn't it have gotten everything on the first round of updates? Again, it had been 4 days of use! - and it knocked itself out. At those points, it took up to 20 attempts of restarting to get it going, and all the while it was offering to fix the problem through deleting all added files & programs. I can't imagine having to upload my documents over and over on a daily or weekly basis.)2) shut down (sometimes it ignored all attempts to turn it off, including the brute-force hitting of the power button.)3) read externally-linked devices (it completely failed to recognize my Kindle when I hooked them together by USB. I went out and bought a new cord from the Microsoft store - "maybe it just needs a USB 3 adaptor instead of my old USB 2" - and that got me to the point where it would recognize the Kindle for ~2 minutes, then conk out.)4) recognize touch-screen commands (sometimes it liked the hand, and sometimes it liked the stylus, but sometimes it didn't like anything.)5) recognize keyboard commands (again, sometimes the mouse and pointer keys were acceptable, and other times they were not.)This is the first truly negative review I have written for Amazon, as far as I recall, and it has nothing to do with Amazon's end of the deal. This particular computer is simply not functional. I desperately needed a new laptop, as I am going on a business trip in less than 2 weeks, and my current computer is old and cannot handle wireless anymore. Now, because of the time crunch, I have ordered a Dell to be express-shipped from Best Buy, so that I can have it for a day or two before the trip and get everything onto it.I made the mistake of pooh-poohing the negative reviews, because the price was so attractive and because I gave too much weight to the positive reviews. Now I have to look at it this way: if I can't turn on the computer, what good is the free Office suite that it came with, which I can't access? How it is saving money to get something that doesn't do the job?