Even though since 1984 I have directly purchased over 60 macintosh computers for private and business purposes and indirectly hundreds more to clients by recommendation. From 1988 to 2010 I was a graphic arts professional, electronically based on Macintosh computers, and a consultant to other such professionals in helping them deal with computers in their business. But when Apple walked away from supporting older software, some of which CANNOT be updated, by discontinuing Rosetta when they introduced their Lion operating system, I decided I would no longer purchase, support or recommend a Mac.Unfortunately my wife's 2009 MacBook Air developed a hardware problem that didn't seem worth repairing. I couldn't talk her out of another Mac, and very I'm sorry for that. This mac has been a problem since we got it. Even though it uses an I7 Intel processor, it is no faster and may be slower than the system it replaced. Startup times are incredibly long: over two minutes. This has to be because of software bloat from what I would argue is the worst MacOS since the original 128k mac introduced in 1984 (which I owned).Perhaps if you've never owned a computer, none of this would bother you, but if you come from an older mac or from the Windows side, the clunkiness and sloth will drive you nuts. In addition, of course, since pre-intel software is no longer supported, about 1/3 of my wife's programs were trashed. Some we could replace (the Office suite for $150 we didn't need because the version we had served her needs, but won't run on the new mac), while others have never and will never be updated. Fortunately we do have other older macs (Snow Leopard or earlier capable) so we can kludge.Recently however, this Macbook loses the ability to print to our network laser printer, a HP Color Laser Jet. The computer says it can't find the printer, even though it printed to it 10 minutes before, and other computers on the ethernet, both mac and windows, can also print to it. Given the way print spooling works the only reliable way to reestablish printing capability has been to trash the print que and create a new one. Sometimes this is possible through Bonjour (the Apple print protocol) or more likely it must be done via direct ip addressing, which in our local LAN with an address of 192.168.x.x, the computer thinks our printer is in Boise, Idaho! How stupid is that?By the way, when the print que is deleted to fix the printer, everything in that que is lost. Not a problem unless we were printing many pages from different web addresses which were sent to printer while we went on without keeping track. Rebuilding such a que is a pain.If you already have a Lion-based Mac, then getting this computer will not surprise you and you will probably find it very nice because you don't know any better. If you have an older mac, or a windows system, I strongly suggest you go to windows or stay there. You will be sadly disappointed with this.