My name is Chris and I am currently a freshman in college. As a college student, I find the Samsung Chromebook to be extremely convenient. At $250, this laptop is a steal.First off, let me say that this is not your normal laptop. You cannot get Microsoft Office on this device as well as you cannot download really any programs on it. The Chromebook operates on the Cloud and strictly on Google's programs; whether it be G-mail, Google Drive, Google Calendar, Google Keep, etc. So if you are not already a "Google-ite", once you purchase this laptop you will become one.The Chromebook laptop has very minimal internal storage space. So your files and pictures and such do not get stored physically on the computer. Your files and pictures and whatever else you might be saving get put on the Cloud on Google Drive. Upon the purchase of your Chromebook, you receive a free 100 GB of Google Drive storage for 2 years. So you don't really need to worry about running out of room in the cloud. This laptop operates solely on Wi-Fi connection. Everything that you do on this laptop is in a sense, on the Google Chrome browser. So you will need internet for almost all functions on this laptop. However, there is an offline mode if you do not have Wi-Fi connection where you can still type up documents and such.If you're trying to decide what computer to get for college and you're going through a rough time deciding if you want a desktop with a laptop, if you want only a laptop, or if you want to go the tablet route, I was in the exact same boat when I was deciding what I wanted. After having been in college now for 2 and a half months now, I am very happy with my decision with the Chromebook. I myself have an iMac desktop computer in my dorm room as my main computer and I take my Chromebook to class. I use it every day and it is works perfectly for in class usage. I will go to class or go to the library and type up whatever I need to on Google Docs or Google Sheets, and if I need to print it out or if I want to edit the format of the document a little bit more, I will download the Google Drive document onto my desktop and then edit them in Microsoft Office. (Sort of a system that I have developed)The one thing about this computer that I have to point out is the battery life. I have found that the standby battery life on the Chromebook is not as good as you think it would be.If you are in search of a portable computer for college, I would definitely recommend this computer to you. It is very convenient, extremely light, and a cute and small size. However, personally I would NOT get this Chromebook if you plan on making this your main computer. The Chromebook is a cheap alternative to a laptop that is best for carrying around in your backpack as an addition to your main computer. I personally find myself using my Chromebook more than I do my desktop computer.However making this laptop your main computer IS doable, it is not IDEAL but it can be done. Really, in this day in age, Microsoft Office is not entirely necessary. Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides are pretty good alternatives to Microsoft Office. BUT, the Google word processors do not have nearly as many functions as Microsoft Office has, so be forewarned. The Google applications have all of the basic functions... nothing more.IN MY OPINION:I have looked at other people who use tablets as their in-class computers and I have talked with them to see how they like their decision to go with the tablet route, and most of them say that they regret the decision to go tablet instead of laptop. They claim that it is difficult to keep up with the professor trying to continually type on the touchscreen. (Although there are now keyboards for your tablets). So, as a current college student, I recommend weigh your options before going the tablet route for your in class computer. And I would DEFINITELY consider the Samsung Chromebook.