The first thing you're going to notice about this is how light and small it is. The next thing you'll notice about it is how exponentially-better-than-anything-you-have fast it is on boot up. They boast it has a 7-second boot time. Lie. Mine boots up faster than that.The one thing I do not want you to notice is that you ought not to compare this with a PC (or to be inclusive I suppose, a Mac). It's not. Any attempt to compare will result in the Chromebook coming out behind. If you're a hardcore PC user, there is a usability curve you will have to climb because things aren't where you're used to! The keyboard is missing a ton of keys that you take for granted (Home, PageUp, PageDown, End among others) and for which you will need to learn a few keyboard combination strokes. This being a Google product, you will not be lacking in finding help if you need it, just search.So essentially, the OS is one rather large and beefy web browser. There exist "apps" that you can download and "install" from the Chrome store but many of them are simply shortcuts to those apps' websites. Speaking of the Chrome app store, there's a ton of them so chances are very good that you will find whatever you're looking for. I only had a problem with one of them, Snagit, which didn't work as advertised. Everything else I've tried has worked well--try the Webcam Toy which uses the built-in camera in all sorts of different ways. The camera itself is just good, nothing spectacular but what is one to expect of a $250 machine I guess.The keyboard is pleasantly laid out (apart from the missing keys) and it's easy to type on it but not for too long; I found my fingers getting cramped by minute 30 but I think that's because it's minute 30 and not because the keyboard is out to get me. It's just so small that you will find yourself hunching over whether you like it or not, unless you're 3' 2".Because it's Chrome, it is fast in rendering most pages. Actually, let me say that I have not yet found a page it doesn't handle well. And because it's Google, if you use Chrome anywhere else, you can synchronize any and everything and that's very cool. For example, changing the theme on the browser on the Chromebook will almost instantly make the same theme change on the Chrome browser on your PC. Installing a browser extension will synchronize that installation across all your Chrome browsers. I am also able to get to my tab histories on my PC, on the Chromebook, and on Chrome running on my Android phone! I'm not one of those who's freaked out by the reach of Google into my life so I enjoy this feature very much.I don't use Microsoft Office very much, the occasional Word document is about it. Once in a while, I'll go crazy and fire up Excel and for presentations, PowerPoint. I have been using Google Docs (is it still called this, I wonder) for a long time and in fact, I'm typing this up in Document right now. I have not used the other products in the Docs suite, Presentation or Spreadsheets, but that's because I don't really need to. I'll have to give them a go to see if how useful they are.I have access to all the features I've come to depend on, including dynamic spell-checking & correction and constant saves to Google Drive. There was once I was typing a rather long document while using a dodgy wireless point and it would spazz out on saving the document to Drive, locking the document in the process until it had regained connectivity to Drive. That was annoying to no end. It is possible to use the offline versions of the Google Docs and I've found that works well.  Since just about everywhere you go these days will have wireless, this isn't as much of a problem as it used to be although I do wish it had a physical Ethernet connection. The touchpad is mega-responsive, in fact too much sometimes. When typing out a long document I defy you to avoid accidentally sending the mouse careening off the screen as a wayward thumb bumps on the touchpad.Connectivity is not limited to wireless. It's got Bluetooth, two USB ports--one 3.0--and an HDMI output. USB mice work instantly and well as do any drives you connect. There is also an SD card port as well with a headset output for sound and microphone. The sound is crisp and graphics are clear and distinct which is surprising for such a small form factor. Printing is done through the Google cloud printer and I never had a problem with set up and use. In fact, it's downright easy--if you have a Chrome browser anywhere that's connected to a printer, you can send print jobs rather easily.The one drawback to this Acer is how much it attracts dust and dirt. It is simply impossible to keep this thing clean.Apart from having to learn to get comfortable in an entirely different environment, finding apps that you can use, the Chromebook is a delight to use. Just don't compare it to your desktop. 4.5 stars.After I hit "send" I just remembered one massive up: the battery life on this thing is insane. I've gotten 10 hours easy, and longer if I keep it in hibernation.