I've been a Mac guy since I got my Macbook Pro in the summer of 2011.  And I'm still a Mac guy no doubt.  But after having used many computers from WIndows 8 laptops to the Chromebook, I'm going to say this is my #2 computer.  Nothing will replace my Macbook Pro, but this Chromebook is a very close second.The positives about this are many.  The Tmobile radio built in means you get 4GB of RAM instead of only 2GB of RAM when you buy the non-Tmobile radio version.  That alone makes the $50 seem inconsequential.  Tmobile is giving away 200MB a month of free data, for at least 2 years.  That is really cool for those times you are in a pinch and need to connect for an email or something and aren't near WIFI.  I'd say the battery life at 7 or 8 hours is very reasonable.  The keyboard is a pleasure to type on.  And the trackpad is the only trackpad that actually works great other than the Macbook Pro.  The trackpad cannot be overstated; having tried many, most are unusable and some are okay but not consistent.  This trackpad works great!  The screen is big and bright, and while not the quality of a Macbook Pro, it is good.  Getting the right viewing angle (tilted back like it is supposed to be) makes it as good as it can be.The negatives of this are only a few.  Printing is impossible unless you have a printer plugged into a home computer and setup the Google Cloud Print, or buy a Google Cloud Printer.  It isn't often I print but when I do, it is frustrating.  Some websites don't like Chrome and that can cause frustrations as well.  And really the most important thing I can say is that this is a Chromebook, not a traditional computer.  Everything lives in a browser.  And once you get past that, it is okay.Once you realize the shortcomings (printing for example) there are workarounds.  You can hit CTRL P and package your page into a PDF so it can be emailed to a computer at home that has a printer.  Or that you can do just about everything you can do with a computer with this via a browser or an extension into the browser, makes the idea of a browser based computer okay.  There is an "offline" mode so you can review/create/etc. some documents and such when not connected to the web.I'd say that if you want to spend $350 for this vs. $1200 for a Macbook Pro, you'll get most of the good experience you'd get out of something more expensive.  For me, I just browse the web, send some emails, and every once in awhile edit a document or spreadsheet and this computer does the job.There is no onboard email client, again, this is all done through a browser.  I miss my email client, but I can live with this idea of checking emails by signing in on the two different sites that host my email.  I can save the username and password so clicking a link on the browser bar and it loads me right to my inbox.  Google also offers lots of great things, like Gmail, Google Drive for storing documents and pictures, Google Voice so you can take/make phone calls and texts, and there are many more services I don't even use.I tried a Chromebook a year ago or so and it wasn't something I could get into.  The screens were small and weak.  The problem with offline services hadn't been figured out yet.  But all of that is in the past.  I'd say that this is an awesome value and you won't be disappointed.  Funny, someone saw me using this and said "Hey is that a color hard shell for your Macbook Pro?"  I had to show them that this wasn't a Macbook Pro.  It looks that good.  And while this is plastic, it feels solid and not cheesy like other laptops that creak and click as you use them.Go ahead, if you are on the fence about this, you won't be disappointed.