I bought this in Best Buy for my daughter, after researching a lot about what is currently available.Most current ultrabooks/thin-and-light 13-14" laptops have several very serious problems compared to ENVY m4.Pros of ENVY m4:1) Enough memory - 8 GB in this laptop is good, most ultrabooks have 4GB, graphics built-in uses some of that memory (up to 1.5GB), the rest is used by Windows 8 64-bit (and free Windows 8.1 update soon to be released will undoubtedly use even more), and you have nothing left to run your programs, so the things will slow down a lot due to "swapping" (using 100x times slower disk instead of main memory by Windows). Moreover, if you need more in the future, and new programs require more and more, the memory is easily upgradable (special panel on the bottom), with 2 standard SODIMM slots (ultrabooks have memory soldered in, without upgrade path).2) Fast processor - the i7-3632QM processor is 4 cores (8 threads with Hyperthreading), and runs from 2.2GHz up to 3.2 GHz. Basically, your video editing, Photoshop or software compilation will run about 3 times faster than on ultrabooks with i3 or i5 (with only 2 cores) running at their typical 1.7Ghz-1.8Ghz.3) A lot of disk space - 1TB is enough for all programs you need, unlike 128GB SSD in ultrabooks (which have only about 40GB left after restore partition and Windows 8 installation) which is totally inadequate, and ultrabooks with 256GB of SSD cost MUCH more and are still rare. Unfortunately, it is just slow 5400 RPM HDD, but if you need faster, the drive is also easily upgradeable through the same panel on the rear as memory. Installing 256GB+ SSD into this thing is the best thing you can do, and it is only about $200 now (much less difference than the prices for 256GB ultrabooks). Some headache to copy all the data, you would need a desktop computer and some software like Norton Ghost which might come with the SSD or one of the free programs.4) A TRUMP CARD - replaceable battery! Utlrabooks now have their batteries soldered on, or at best buried deep inside and you cannot replace them without disassembling half of the computer and invalidating your warranty. And make no mistake, after about 2 years of everyday usage (or faster if you are a heavy user on battery power), your battery life WILL drop to inadequately low numbers, like less than an hour - on every LiIon battery, it is the nature of their construction. And the only choice you will have with an ultrabook is to send it to the manufacturer, and they charge dearly - with shipping charges, insurance, battery and replacement it will cost you almost as much as a whole new cheap ultrabook - and you will lose a few weeks and risk losing the laptop in shipping. On HP Envy m4, all it takes to replace the battery is 10 seconds! Battery itself from HP is $120, but from third parties compatible batteries go as low as $33. THIS ALONE SHOULD MAKE YOU AVOID ULTRABOOKS!5) Fingerprint reader - combined with HP software (HP SimplePass) it is very convenient not only for logging in to the computer, but to web sites too.6) Backlit keyboard - most cheap Ultrabooks do not have this very useful feature. Don't let your student lose sight early typing in the dark on a non-lighted keyboard.7) Nice sound from the built-in speakers, better than from my 15" MacBook Pro.8) There are all kinds of ports right there, including full-size HDMI, VGA, Ethernet, 3 USB ports... you would need all kinds of dongles/converters to support that on an ultrabook. SD/SDHC/SDHC/MMC slot is a little hidden on the front towards the left.9) DVD drive.10) 14" screen is a little bigger than 13" on ultrabooks, wile the laptop itself is not much bigger or heavier.Cons:1) Relatively slow 5400 RPM HDD - it is fast enough for video processing etc, but SSDs are much faster for loading Windows and starting programs. But you can replace it in the future when large 1TB SSD will be cheap. :) Meanwhile, do not shutdown the laptop every time, put it to sleep instead, then your programs you recently used will stay in memory and restart quickly - thankfully, 8GB is enough memory for that (and you can EASILY AND CHEAPLY add even more - see item #1 above).2) The body is not full metal like my MacBook Pro and some ultrabooks - the top (back of the screen) and the surface around keyboard are aluminum, but margin around the screen and the bottom are plastic.3) The laptop is not as thin as most ultrabooks (but not much heavier, maybe thanks to the plastic bottom).So-so: The camera is just average, I have seen better, I have seen worse.