I have had this computer since july of 2009. I have used it for everything, gaming (now low settings), autcad, matlab, surfing the web, watching videos. I have used the hdmi port numerous times and it has powered a 50" 1080p tv with netflix and youtube, as well as a little gaming, but i like the screen on the laptop for gaming. my hardware is actually starting to age now so i must get another one. but after 5 years minus 4 months i'm impressed by the performance still. I'm using it to type this review. it runs boinc 24/7 right now and per core performance is still absolutely impressive. if you don't believe me or want to be surprised go compare this, the core2 duo p8700 to the haswell i7 4700mq on cpuboss. I still recommend this computer to friends that just want something that is usable for most anything. the gaming aspect has started to dwindle for sure, i get 4 fps in 3d mark 06.if your looking for something cheap, i know this laptops price has started to fall and i can vouch for it being able to take a lot of abuse. i have hit the processor over 106C, and it still flies. the design is nice, not too flashy. mine has a blu ray burner, or i guess had. my hard drive started to fail after 4 years, and my cd drive is the most finicky thing i have ever seen, if you don't treat it just right. it won't work. when i installed windows on my new hard drive, it was a race to click install before the disk spun down. there was less than a second free time to click everything i needed. once it spins down, it don't spin back up. same with burning cd/dvd's now if have to put the cd in and before it spins down i have to click burn. so it's old now, but a brand new one off a website that still has stock would be an awesome buy. last one i got for a buddy was under $400 for a 16.4" screen, blu ray player, open source gaming machine. he was stoked, it ran excel, ubuntu, all the open source software. the only wall i hit was just recently in gaming, i couldn't test out the beta of a game i was excited to try because even on all low specs it won't hold the frame rate. plus it would crash. but if you aren't too into modern gaming, this thing will take you in low quality up to 2013 games, medium on games around 2009, absolutely high for anything under 2006. That is a lot of games!If you want possibly still the best deal on a laptop since 2009, buy this one. buy it for the past and finishing of everything you said you would. if modern gaming or high performance are your thing, this laptop is not for you, but if a smooth sailing laptop capable of doing anything you throw at it sounds just like what you want. get this bad boy.Just for information, i only grap laptops i think will be future proofed for about 5 years. and i found one that reminds me of this one when it first came out. though it's not middle high end of the road, it's high end. the clevo p177sm has some amazing reviews, plenty of upgrade possibilities, dual cooling fans, an i7 processor, a user replaceable gpu. so you can go from nvidia gtx to quadro to amd radeon. up to 32 gb ddr3 ram, 2 msata slots, 2x 2.5" hard drive slots. no blu ray reader or burner, but i never once burned a blu ray.but that still doesn't match the elegance of this laptops performance. it's a middle of the road laptop that is capable of lasting 5 years, i can still do everything, though it might take a little push. I Highly Recommend this laptop!