So, I spent a lot of time looking at various windows 8 tablets. The big requirement was that it be the full version of windows 8, not the RT. As I looked, I researched a bit on the new Bay Trail processors that are found in these tablets. From the reviews I read, they seemed to be a fairly good option for the casual user. I must confess, I was very hesitant to buy this tablet at first because I was worried about having a slow processor. I had just upgraded my processor in my desktop purely because of my dissatisfaction with a slower processer(which was still more than enough for what I normally do with it). I just like to have the newest and the best. Anyways, as I looked around, I realized that at the price point I was looking, there were really only three viable competitors depending on the price I could get. My options narrowed down to the Asus T100, the HP Omni 10, and the Dell Venue 11. Both the HP and Dell had a slightly faster processor, along with the 1080p screens. However, unlike the T100, neither came with the keyboard dock and both were a little more expensive.I had originally discounted the importance of the keyboard dock. After all, how could it be any good at this price point? In the end, I sold my previous laptop, a bulky machine and decided to turn around and buy a laptop. A couple things made me bite the bullet and choose the T100. First, the processor was only one step below the other two, I figured id be fine considering i'm only using it for school. Also, my laptop had the same resolution as this tablet, and it was fine on a 15.6" screen, so I figured that being so much smaller, I really didn't stand to gain much going for the higher resolution. When I sat down to buy the tablet, I was going to get the 64 gb version and get a micro sd card for it at 64 gb as well. Well, during the checkout process, I realized that for 15 dollars more, I could sacrifice some internal storage down to a 32 gb, but get a 500 gb hard drive built in to the hard drive. That seemed like a steal, so I decided to pull the trigger and just get it. With four dollar overnight shipping(finally FedEx got it to me when I asked for it), I was ready to use it the next day. I plugged it in like it asked and got impatient, so I started the set up while it was plugged in so as to avoid the problems I read about from not charging. Turns out I had 100% battery within 30 minutes. surprising. lol. The first thing I noticed setting it up is the build quality. Everything uses a plastic, however, it all feels sturdy. I have no flex in the keyboard, and the Chiclet keys are easy to type on. I am writing this review on the keyboard a day or two after I got it. I will admit, the shift key is a little small, but otherwise Im almost used to it already. It isn't that hard to type on. The trackpad I feel could use a little work, but for its size and what I was expecting, im fairly impressed. There is the initial lag when you have to turn it on again, but that is minimal and you get used to it.Once the tablet was actually set up, I have used it for everything. The screen quality is great! With it on my lap, I notice no pixels or anything and everything is very crisp and clear with great colors and is very satisfying to use. Its clear and really doesn't take away from any of the experience. With the Bay Trail processor, I rarely get hung up on anything. It handles everything ive thrown at it. In the last hour and 20 minutes, ive been surfing the web and writing papers on Microsoft word, and ive used about 17% battery so far. Plenty for a full school day. Im also listening to my music collection from the 500 gb hard drive, and going into a stats class with SPSS(statistics program) installed and ready to go. Also, some random guy just said it looks cool and asked to hold it to see how light it is, literally while I was writing this paragraph. Im pretty much a celebrity now. Anyways, its awesome. Light, cheap, fast, and has plenty to offer for a casual user who desires the portability of a netbook but the productivity of a normal windows laptop. Especially for the price, I highly recommend this thing!