I needed a laptop because I was starting college, so after days of internet searching my dad and I settled on this laptop. Oh how I wish we hadn't.What seemed good when this was compared to other laptops: - Price (though this was only because it was on sale, as it is now it is DEFINITELY not worth the nearly $700 it's charging) - RAM (I needed at least 6GB to work well with the Adobe programs I use like Photoshop) - Decent hard drive storage - 24 GB solid state drive - i5 core was sufficient power for my needsWe were excited for the laptop, but a few months of use have revealed SO many problems.What's wrong: - Internet connection is temperamental. The laptop will say there are no networks available when 10 minutes later it will miraculously find 5. When there are networks detected it will only sometimes connect, other times when it says it's already connected it actually won't be so the page just keeps loading and loading. When it works the speed is average. - Keyboard does have a bit of flex, it was weird at first but not that big a deal. - There's no way this battery is 6 hours. - The laptop does not feel very sturdy. - The touch pad is screwed up. Big time. It'll jump from the top of a 20 page document to the bottom one moment, then make you scroll over and over just to move a few inches down the page. It will keep scrolling when you want it to stop, and has an absolute spazz attack if you have more than one finger resting on it at a time. Sometimes it doesn't respond at all. Seriously an issue.The wrong that's lifestyle changing (at least for me with my laptop experience): - This computer likes to selectively shut down. Totally randomly. Normally when you close the laptop it goes to sleep, but half the time when I open the computer after closing it, even if I closed it 5 seconds ago, the computer will have shut off instead of going to sleep. Once it's even done it to me when the computer was still open. When the computer decides to randomly shut down, all your applications and documents are closed. THIS MEANS--absolutely NEVER close this laptop without saving a document AND closing it. Even if a document is saved but still open, and the computer decides to shut off, there's a chance that the abrupt shutdown will corrupt your document. I found this out the hard way. I was currently acting as a beta for a 417 page novel and the document was saved in a format that was unrecoverable. The computer decided to randomly shut down, the document got corrupted, and I lost 117 pages of edits. I was about to throw my computer at the wall. - Basically, just don't close your computer if you're still going to have documents open or use internet pages that are open. When you finally do close your computer, bookmark the pages if you still want to use them, SAVE & EXIT out of all documents.Overall, this laptop is not worth the money, especially when it's listed for nearly $700. Get a different laptop.