There is a common issue with the space key on this laptop in that pressing it on the edge will often not register even if you press really hard. This is incredibly irritating for a touch typist, but today I solved the problem on my laptop! So if you have the same issue see my video on the quick fix over at [...]. Basically you just need to stick a square of paper between the space bar and its pressure sensor.Also note that this S03US version is functionally exactly the same as the S01US version, with the only difference being that the first 4GB of RAM is permanently attached to the motherboard on the S03US.  The S02US and S04US are likewise functionally identical. The Best Buy version (I don't know the product code) is completely different though. I have no idea why anyone would buy that one.Among the positives for this laptop are its speedy CPU and GPU, readable resolution on the bright non-reflective 15" display, light weight, stylish form factor, really superb battery life, a great backlit keyboard (once the space key problem is resolved), and a good amount of RAM and hard drive storage.Because the positives are so great I am giving this laptop 5 stars even though it has several negatives.First, the space key issue.  This is a quality control issue that should have never occurred, and I hope Samsung will send new space bar keys to all the people who bought this laptop. But until then, you can try the quick fix I referenced above.The choice of DVD instead of blu-ray is odd and perplexing. However, I so rarely use even the DVD and to be honest I would probably never use blu-ray if it were included, so as strange as it is that the feature is missing, I don't mind.I am not pleased with the choice of the broadcom wifi, which does not support 5ghz wifi.  I have opened up this laptop, which is very easy (close the LCD, flip it over, remove the ten screws on bottom, then flip it back over, open the LCD and gently pry the case shell loose along the edges and then close the LCD and flip it over again and gently pull the bottom off), and replacing the broadcom wifi adapter with the Intel 6230 part should be very easy [SEE EDIT BELOW]. There are only 2 antenna wires, so getting the 3 antenna version would be pointless. Also, be sure to get the one with bluetooth if you try this, otherwise you will lose bluetooth since it is provided by the broadcom wifi adapter.The webcam camera does not work well in low light.  Meh.  Turn on a light, I guess.I use the touch pad as little as possible and prefer to use a mouse. It seems to work alright for me when I need it, but I sometimes disable it while typing so I can rest my palms while typing.Overall the negatives are not a big deal for me.Edit Dec-2012: It is indeed very easy to replace the broadcom wifi/bluetooth adapter with the Intel 6230 part. Do NOT get the newer Intel 6235 part as it WILL NOT WORK, as I discovered. Some people have also reported issues with getting the 6230 to work, but the trick is to uninstall all Broadcom software related to the wifi/bluetooth BEFORE installing the 6230. This very importantly includes the WIDCOMM Bluetooth SOftware software. You should also download the Intel drivers for the 6230, and install them after you have removed the Broadcom software. Then open up the laptop and swap the parts and reboot. Your mileage may vary, but it worked for me.