The 11.6 in. Acer Aspire V5-122P-0863 Touchscreen Laptop is quite similar to a Samsung Chromebook or MacBook Air in size, weight, and appearance except for the beautiful glossy touchscreen and the black undercarriage. The physical build is sturdy and attractive. The backlit keyboard and clickable touchpad function well and the touchscreen is very responsive. The processor is more than adequate.Unfortunately and surprisingly, battery life is disappointing for such an extremely portable package, around four hours depending on what it's being used for. Dimming the screen helps though cycling the battery doesn't. Acer needs to do something about the battery life.I don't like the position of the power button on the outside edge and there are only two USB ports. In addition, to connect it to a monitor, a proprietary adapter cable available only from Acer is recommended--but they don't seem to be selling it yet. There is no ethernet socket: either use the excellent WiFi or get a USB-to-ethernet adapter. The AC adapter and plug are combined, which is nice, and the plug itself can be interchanged for international use, but it can hog three sockets on a power strip. It may be possible to get another power cable--but that shouldn't be necessary.So overall, this is definitely a nice if imperfect piece of hardware with great quality in feel and function in all major aspects other than than battery life. However, it comes with Windows 8 installed, and that is where problems arise.My rating is for the hardware only and does not take into account the software. However, the operating system is an important part of the computing experience so it does require some discussion.Over 10% of the 484 GB hard drive is filled with the OS and pre-installed software. Initially, it took over eight hours to remove junk software and download and install all the Windows 8 software updates with occasional problems requiring trouble-shooting and lots of mandatory restarts. The Windows software was recent, installed about two months before I updated it.It's just as difficult in use: Windows 8 seems to have a split personality between tiles and desktop and is very unintuitive in organization and flow. It is difficult to switch between programs or go back to the desktop and it can takes a lot of swiping and clicking to find something. Worse, sometimes I just can't ever make it do what I want it to do. For instance, when playing music through an online service, the music stops when the window is minimized to switch to another program so I can't read and listen to music at the same time.In the end, I would recommend this little Acer Aspire computer--but only for someone who knows from experience that they want to use Windows 8 over another OS and for whom four hours of battery life is sufficient. I have a Mac mini and a Samsung Chromebook and have not found any reason to prefer the Acer Aspire for any particular use, primarily because of the operating system, although I like the backlit keyboard and the beautiful touchscreen very much.Again, my rating is for the hardware only and does not take into account the software.