Loved the look and feel of this computer on arrival.  It was a Christmas gift for my wife.  However, I quickly discovered that the A X Z 1 and 2 keys did not work, right out of the box (probably an internal ribbon cable plug not fully seated).  Will return this one and try one more time.  I hope the next one is OK.  Bummer!  REV 1 - Contacted supplier Adorama - their return policy was NOT posted on AMAZON (lesson learned - always go to the vendor site and view return policy if not posted).  The BIG print on their web site site says "EASY EXTENDED RETURNS".  The fine print says they won't accept return of opened notebooks.  After I talked to them and told them the product was DOA, they said they would accept it IF I provided the ASUS repair Case #. Jeesh - since I now have to talk to ASUS anyway if I want to return and/or exchange at Adorama - I'm now dealing directly with ASUS to get this brand new PC fixed.  So far the initial return/repair experience with ASUS has been good.  The PC will ship to them 5 Dec.  We will see (a) how long it takes, and (b) whether or not the PC works OK when I receive it back from ASUS.  Will advise.  REV 2 - OK the PC shipped on Dec 5 using the ASUS emailed barcode to authorize/print a no charge return shipping label.  The ASUS ADW (Accidental Damage Warranty) says "Target 3 business days turnaround time for repair/replacement, not including receiving and shipping time".  Sounds good doesn't it?  Well, FEDEX tracking says "Standard Shipping" will deliver my PC on Dec 10 (+5 days shipping time), so add 3 days turnaround (hopefully), plus 5? days return - that means I'm without my brand new PC for 13 days, and I haven't even used it yet.  Also now I have received a nice email from the vendor Adorama that says "No RMA number is needed to return an item. Just include a filled out Return Merchandise form along with a copy of the original packing slip."  Sounds good doesn't it?  Later the email says "All returns must meet our return guidelines."  Uhhh - the return guidelines state they won't accept return of opened notebooks. All this stuff sounds good - but the Devil is in the details. Fingers are crossed that the PC works correctly when I get it back - I don't want to go through this again. Will advise.  Rev 3 - Fedex shows "Delivered" to ASUS on Dec 7 - better than the projected Dec 10 delivery - encouraging! Rev 4 - ASUS Repair shows completed and shipped on Dec 10 - encouraging! - and PC is now at my local FEDEX major hub on Dec 12 - also encouraging! Fingers are crossed.  Dec 13 - received the PC and it works correctly now!  Hurray!  I and my wife are now happy with this PC and I have change my product review rating to 5 stars.