his Chromebook is extremely easy to set up and get started. It literally starts up with everything in your Google account in what felt like a few seconds. It reminds me of the Roadrunner. You think you want to see something and a BEEP, BEEP! goes off in your ear. The Chromebook seems like the perfect device between a tablet and a laptop.This computer is a game playing monster. The children play games online and through ABCmouse and we don't have the problem with the computer crashing or even getting funny popups. They are also able to watch movies without any difficulty. It is funny that three small children will crowd around a small computer to watch a movie or YouTube video. I find the sound tinny and harsh but the children do not mind.The biggest difference between a laptop and a Chromebook, for me, is that the Chromebook is a passive rather than an active device. It is something to watch and read from rather than to create on. I am an artist and a writer and my work product is something that I produce, often on my laptop. But I would not save my work on Google or in Google documents or spreadsheets because of issues of ownership and privacy.The Chromebook is more complicated than a tablet and is perfectly usable as a multipurpose device. I may have pages open where I am reading research, on email, talking on chat, playing a game, searching for information, downloading maps. Oh, and shopping! But I have a PC open with my work and my Macbook open for my writing. The footprint of this is small enough that I can put it over the keyboard of my 15" Mabook Pro. The width of the Acer is all keyboard and the keyboard is just the right size. It is nice to have such a small Chromebook added to the mix because of its smallness.One of the things I am learning is that a Chromebook is just easy. It feels more like a tablet with a keyboard. It is very lightweight and easy to throw in a purse of a backpack. It goes everywhere, easily. It is my first choice if I am walking out the door and want to put something in my purse.Privacy is an important issue for me. Google knows enough about me. I have generally been resistant to using my Google account for anything important. I access information from my clouds, rather than saving it to my Google account and then accessing it just by logging in and using Google chrome and its absolute violation of my privacy. We know that Google wants to know everything about us and admittedly, I probably can't hide much. Have you ever really thought about how much could be known about you just by knowing your search history? When was the last time you searched for anything inappropriate? Maybe that is what Firefox is for.The limitations work both ways. You gain ease at the cost of privacy.