Overall I am happy with the purchase of this Dell laptop. I was in the market for an ultra portable computer and had ruled out Chromebooks due to the limited hard drive space in the newer models such as the Acer c720. My plan was to dual-boot any ultra portable I purchased with a Linux distro and the 16gb storage and somewhat awkward dual-booting process ("developer mode") required of a Chromebook turned me away. I currently have it running with Ubuntu 13.10 with a pretty customized setup to be more touchscreen friendly and upgraded to 4gb of ram.I picked up the Dell Inspiron 11 for $300 online from Officemax and consider that price to be about right. This model in particular stood out for me due to it having the Haswell Intel Celeron 2955u CPU, the same as in some recent Chromebooks. The low end has come a ways when compared to my old Acer netbooks and their Atom processors. The touchscreen was a bonus, not something I was holding out for at this price but fun to play around with.The Pros: Compared to the older Celeron processors, battery life is significantly improved. Portability is the number #1 purpose for a laptop like this (that and price...), so a great battery life was a must for me. The fact that it also charges pretty much from empty to full capacity in 2 hours or so is excellent. Not exactly sure what battery life I am getting, I have been doing a lot of installing and more intensive stuff since getting it but would say it meets the claims of 8ish hours.The processor with integrated graphics is very good for everyday purposes, quickly loading up 1080p Youtube videos without any issues. It is also completely capable of connecting over HDMI to my 1080p television and displaying at full resolution without issue. I have even been able to play some older PC games so long as the settings are realistic (low-medium). I have been playing TES IV: Oblivion on it at a lower widescreen resolution and low/medium settings with outdoor FPS at 35-50 and indoor FPS 40-60, dips more in crowded towns/cities. The Intel HD graphics (Intel HD 1000 4th gen) manage way better than I would have guessed! Didn't think it could pull it off, hadn't purchased it thinking it could manage any level of gaming, pleasantly surprised.I also think the build quality overall is pretty nice. I guess take that with a grain of salt as I have been using a 10 year business laptop up to now for my portable needs, so I am not too picky. I am more often a desktop user. But I find the look to be attractive for the price range and the feel to be solid. Held at the corner with a single hand while open, the Inspiron doesn't feel like it wants to snap in half from its own weight. The hinges are decently solid as well, pretty important for a touchscreen. Only time will tell how it all holds up.The Cons: The keyboard is OK. Not as bad as on my old Acer 11.6 netbook or my brothers monstrous Asus 17 inch laptop (amazingly bad keyboard). Same goes for the track pad, it isn't stellar. It gets you by for casual use but I need to use a wireless mouse for anything more longterm and productivity aimed. Same goes for the screen as well, it is just fine. None of these are all that shocking though for the price range and aren't entirely "cons".The biggest disappoint (as mentioned in various reviews) is the stock 2gb of RAM. Considering Windows 8 idles at around 1.1 - 1.2gb, that doesn't leave all that much RAM for you to use. Everything felt sluggish. If I had planned to ditch Windows 8 altogether and just use Linux, it probably would have worked fine enough (my Ubuntu setup idles around 300mb of RAM). But knowing I wanted to use Windows as well, the upgrade is pretty much mandatory in my mind. The 4gb was $40 well spent, used the same type of RAM as recommended by another reviewer without any issue. Has been proven to accept 8gb of ram but that felt like overkill for my purposes. B005LDLV6SFinal Verdict: Good little ultra portable laptop, better if you can get it for a lower price than the $380ish currently listed. But if you are holding out for the Haswell based Celeron CPU and its awesome battery life improvements, there aren't many options in this price range (yet).