I've been using this laptop for almost 2 months (Bought in Aug 2012). So far it's been pretty solid. Everything works out of the box - no crashes so far.I bought this from Amazon. The box included the following:1. Laptop2. Laptop Bag3. 1 pair of Nvidia 3D vision glasses (3D vision emitter is built into the laptop). Glasses comes with a soft material pouch to store it in and keep it from getting dust. You may need a hard case to protect it if you want to travel with it in your bag!4. Manuals and driver CD5. Soft cloth to wipe laptop screen. 3D glasses also came with a cloth to keep it clean.6. Power adaptor - As other people have mentioned - this is pretty big. It also gets hot so be sure to place it in a safe spot where you won't touch it and keep it away from surfaces that might be damaged by heat.7. Gaming mouseAs mentioned by others, there are 2x 750 GB hard drives running at 7200 RPM. There are 4 partitions across these 2 hard drives. I was considering swapping out one of the hard drives with an SSD drive for booting and games but after using the laptop for the past 2 months I found that there doesn't seem to be any noticeable hard drive lag. I mostly play "The Lord of the Rings Online" and haven't experienced hard drive lag. My home PC definitely benefitted from an SSD upgrade but I'd say this laptop has performance comparable to my PC even with just the 7200 RPM hard drives in it.Others may get more mileage with an SSD upgrade depending on the games being played etc. For me, I'll hold off on an SSD upgrade since the laptop seems to be pretty fast as is!The laptop comes with 1 month of McAfee Internet Security (subscription automatically activated on first boot). After this expired I uninstalled it and I'm using Microsoft Security Essentials (free). You have the option to purchase an extension to the McAfee Internet Security subscription if you wish.Also of note:Don't forget to register your laptop online to ensure your warranty is put into effect! There's a card in the box with instructions to follow. I believe the laptop must be registered within a month of purchase - I don't recall the exact time frame at the moment.3D:I tested this with Mafia 2. The 3D experience was comparable to my home PC which is hooked up to a 40" Samsung UN40C7000 3D TV. The PC has an Nvidia GTX470 video card and the TV has its own 3D glasses (no 3D vision as with the laptop). Mafia 2 on my PC and on the laptop is comparable. The 3D effect is more enjoyable on a large screen but there's no issue with the 3D on the laptop. Also, "The Lord of the Rings Online" came up in 3D at first launch without needing to be configured first. The 3D effect in this game is pretty impressive. I prefer to play it in 2D though since 3D is a little uncomfortable for long gaming periods. It's nice to switch to 3D in between to sight see. I also watched Tron 3D blue ray to test out the blu ray drive and 3D movies. This was good and confirmed that you can watch 3D movies with the included software.Overall - great laptop. Good performance, met all my expectations and runs my favourite game without issue.