I've purchased two of these laptops recently, and I can say that I am more than satisfied with my purchases.  I spent a good deal of time researching the different Acer laptops, and came to the conclusion that this machine was the best value out of all the ones that I saw.Some of the pros of this machine:i7 Haswell processorFull HD IPS screenTouchscreenMsata portBacklit keyboardAesthetically pleasingBattery lifeI really wanted an Acer V5 or V7 because of the design.  It is thin, lightweight, and just has a nice look to it.  I wish I didn't care too much about aesthetics, but after having lots of thicker laptops over the years, I was in the mood for something that looked nicer.There are lots of varying models of the V5 and V7.  For the price, this seems to be the best of their builds.  The only thing lacking in this model is a nicer graphics card.  Most of their other models include the 720p screen, which did not impress and had terrible viewing angles.  I find the viewing angle important because I use these for work, and I'm often not right in front of the screen, so I like the fact that this laptop has excellent viewing angles with the IPS screen.  The downside of 1080p on a 15.6" screen is that the fonts are small, so you may need to adjust them slightly in the settings, which was easy.Some cons:Font sizes on 1080p 15.6" screenTouchpad that can be glitchy at timePlacement of HDMI, USB 3.0 portsThe touchpad tends to be a bit sensitive.  It is the type that has no separate buttons, however, you can push the edge of the touchpad where the mouse buttons would normally be, and it functions the same.  I found that turning off the 2-finger menu option helped a lot (you scroll with two fingers, but for some reason they also had an option set that would open a menu when placing two fingers down, so it would open a menu every time I would try to scroll).The HDMI and USB 3.0 ports are on the back.  There are two USB 2.0 ports on the side.  I wish they had put the USB 3.0 on the side, so that you can have access to each type of port when you need them.  Reaching around the laptop to put in a USB flash drive isn't that great.  I would suggest buying a mini one so that it doesn't hang out too far if the unit is on your lap or the end of a desk near a wall.I installed a mSATA into one unit (the other got a standard SATA SSD), but getting Windows over there isn't the easiest.  You can't just use one of the free copy programs such as EaseUS, because it won't register the new drive in the UEFI bios.  I used a simple tool from Paragon software that allowed me to copy the drive and register it in the bios, but it does cost twenty bucks.  If you want to upgrade to a standard ssd, then you can simply create a usb recovery drive in the Recovery menu in Control Panel, install the drive, and then put in the USB and turn the unit back on.  It will then recover windows to the SSD.  For some reason, the recovery will only recognize a standard SATA drive as the boot drive, and not the mSATA.  In any case, if none of that makes sense, then write a comment and will try to check back and answer.  BTW - I have a near instant boot with the SSD installed.Overall, this is a great laptop for my needs.