This is a new post mid-2012 Macbook pro non-retina, purchased it on sale new best buy. Owning everything Apple owns, and having my older macbook side by side, and my new Mac Air beside it as well, and after endless adjustments in brightness and contrast, there is no doubt the screen used on the macbook pro non-retina is inferior to my MacAir and macbook.Apple uses Samsung and LG on their monitors on the same model, both in the Retina MBP and non-retina, but they dont advertise this fact. As of 3/19/2013 Apple is being sued over the 'secret' that MBP retina use either LG or Samsung, but you dont know which one youre getting until you notice bad ghosting on the screen (which is the LG problem, not found on the Samsung). Its sad that you 'roll the dice' on WHO made your monitor on two MBP exact same model and mfg. date. That is something Apple should've known would soon rear its head like a snake in the night.Foremostly I must comment that I own Apple stock, and own tons of their products and sing their praises to no end, as such I am not an 'apple hater' by any stretch. I am shocked at how fuzzy, and flat the screen is on this MBP, and wonder WHO made the monitor on this laptop, since you never know, and Apple isnt saying, and they wont tell you, nor is it indicated on the box WHO made the monitor, since Apple uses multiple suppliers for the SAME MAC models.I am returning this unit for a refund, the screen is rather painful to read and type on, ...and since I use 7 different computers, I am not 'addicted to one type of screen', and am adjusted to many, ...but this unit is painfully unbearable.Side by side, believe it or not, BUT TRUE, the speakers on my Mac Air crank out crisper and MUCH LOUDER at full on same tunes than this MBP does. This isnt subjective or conjecture is rock hard FACT. You would think just the opposite on the larger MBP, but thats a fact.Another minus is the squishy jello-keyboard touch, a really undesirable (generally to most who hate this) feature.Ive read a lot of INSANE comments by others rebuking others saying "my mac air is better than this MBP". Well heres two empirical facts, all the upgrades money can buy: SSD, mem, etc, WILL NOT change the 'stink-factor' of the screen on this MBP, or the squishy keyboard, OR the inferior speaker output.Yes, the optical drive is nice (no bluray, shame on apple for po-pooing optical drives), and the ethernet, but the mac air is about as lite as an ipad and does 90% of what this Mac Pro does,...so the math is simple.The only negative against this unit is the same as ALL Apple computers, that being Apple is insanely stingy on memory. There is not any Apple product that doesnt immediately need a Mem upgrade. Given the extremely high price of all Apple laptops etc, the pathetic lack of memory is morbidly sad.Barring the horribly bad screen, and nasty squishy keyboard feedback, the unit is fast and well built, but for its price, etc, the mac air is far far moreso a desirable product. Endless speed tests show negligible difference side by side over many apps and overloading between the two on a year older Mac Air.