What I noticed from the start was that the internet connection dropped at least 2x a day but I felt that might have just been a Windows8 issue or a problem with my router so I just reconnected.  It also had a blue screen crash at least 3x before THE UNIT JUST STOPPED POWERING ON AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS I HAD PURCHASED IT???!!!!  The power adapter received power and the light went on but as soon as we put it in the back it was dead and nothing happened??!!!  I called BestBuy.ca but they wouldn't do a thing, even within the first year, unless you paid for that extra warranty protection plan, which I didn't.  I felt that those things were a waste of money because every time I purchased it nothing happened and the one time that I didn't I did need it!  They were so rude and didn't seem to care about what happened to me.  It was a big purchase for me... with taxes and that green disposal fee it was over $800 CND!  Not a regular purchase amount for me at all.  I usually had second hand computers and only splurged on a Toshiba Laptop in 2007 that still works btw.  The battery died and it's slow as heck but it's still able to surf the net okay.  So back to BestBuy... the geek squad rep wouldn't budge and go the extra mile to help me... he actually didn't even want to say goodbye to me and went all silent at the end like he knew I was going to hang up with him?  I didn't and actually had to say, Hello? to get a proper goodbye.  He still didn't and just told me to have a nice day like he was being sarcastic or something?  My over $800 All in one just stopped working after only 2 months and you won't help me so my day is going to suck a bit, jerk!  The next purchase of a big item I make I guess I may have to buy their protection fee... I can't help but feel that this is such extortion for their special protection.  If products were just made well and without cheap parts then maybe things would work much longer and we wouldn't have to be milked like that.  I will NEVER buy another ACER product again and BestBuy will no longer be my go to electronics store.  I am going to shop around more just so I can avoid them! My brother and my brother in law purchased HP laptops and they died in a year?!  The board overheated and it couldn't even power on.  I will never buy another HP product again just because of that... word of mouth travels btw!  Everyone I know knows that this Acer all in one died btw. Anyways BestBuy told me to call Acer and so I did.  Acer acted like this was a rare thing and asked me if I did something to the computer??!!!!  We had it on a serge protector, no liquid was spilt on it and the computer was not damaged by us in any way.  I was so worried because they had the right to refuse our warranty according to them if they felt it was not a defect.  I forgot to add that I was left computer less for over a week because we decided to go to the Acer repair shop physically.  There were tons of thank you letters to the service staff, they were great.  Some of the letters included how shocked they were when their Acer All in One died after only a short time. This seems like it's not that rare.  I am glad that I had it repaired and hope that it will not happen again because if it does then I might not get free service. I was told that we had a 15 month warranty with Acer and not a 12.  So we sent it there and the cpu chip and motherboard were replaced.  We were not called and it was covered by the warranty.  The parts that were replaced were on a limited 90 day warranty?  See how not all things are covered.  I have to ask next time I purchase a big electronics item if parts and labor are covered past 90 days.  It's so tricky and shady.  I checked other reviews and I am not the only person that this has happened to, I even asked Acer and they said they had not heard of this before.  Anyways, I am not happy with Acer and BestBuy at all.  I told them I was going to leave a review.  Bottom line is I do not recommend the Acer Aspire ZS600 to anyone.  Avoid!  Not worth your money, time and trouble!  Wish we had better consumer protection from this garbage.