Bought this a week ago (Oct 27) and also bought the new Lenovo 13.3 in Yoga Ideapad at BBuy to see which I would like the best and keep.  Thinkpad Twist won out even though the Yoga had some better features like longer battery and full 16:9 widescreen and was a little thinner though the weight was the same at 3.5 lbs.  The Twist has the traditional Thinkpad keyboard with mouse joystick and buttons above the touchpad while the Yoga had a bigger all touch intelligent touchpad but I liked having the actual conventional mouse buttons as I am more comfortable with traditional mice as a longtime user.I also liked the huge 500gb harddrive as I learned the 128gb SSD on the Yoga only had 39gb free on the C drive and 23gb on D drive after Lenovo reserved space and win 8 system and software.  I also just liked the Twist's fold down screen better for lap work or play as a tablet though the Yoga total fold back screen was cool too.  I liked the Twist more for ports too with both hdmi and minidisplay ports so I can connect to any type of monitor, not just one with hdmi.  I also liked it having two USB 3.0 ports over Yogas one 3.0 and one 2.0. I would prefer them both on the same side instead of opposite but hey, they are both hi speed.Sound quality is great and it has dual mics for group discussions like conferencing.  Again, this is why this baby is very useful to people in business as well. The twist exterior skin almost feels rubbery and not smooth like the Yoga (which is beautiful) and is less likely to slip in my hands.  The Twist is really a business oriented ultrabook versus what I think is just a consumer oriented one like the Yoga seems to me.  It has Lenovo Busines Solutions Software which several utilities built in good for business people.  The Twist also has a SIM card port for future connectivity too the Yoga did not have even though the cost was over $200 more.  It has TPM enterprise security built in too.I just love Win 8 and the overall feel and utility the Twist gives me and feel it is the best choice of the new Win 8 hardware released so far.  I think Lenovo did a great job on both models but being an older long time PC and notebook user, I just felt more at home with the Twist and look forward to many hours with it.My only complaint is they state it has up to 7 hours battery, but I have learned that is only possible in power saving mode with dim screen, slower processing speed, and some port turn offs while my actual performance with settings I like are only giving me between 4 to 5 hours of use between charges while the Yoga I know would have given me maybe 2 hours or more battery time.  Obviously, I love it and recommend both.  It is a new day for computing with these ultraportables that also become tablets for fun and browsing.