Well this computer is old now and as you can see you can get it for pretty cheap now.  I have never tried a netbook but this computer works great and except for the fact that it is heavy, I bet it works a lot better then any of those netbooks yet it is cheaper at this point.  I have to say I do not have any software on it except Windows 7 and Case Catalyst (court reporting software). The start up time and wake up from sleep time is most excellent.  It also travels well, fits nicely into a small computer backpack and is great.  I would recommend it highly if anyone is in need of a windows computer for a specific software.  I am a Mac user but going to school for Court Reporting I needed a windows computer for CaseCat and this one is excellent.  It is faster and better then all the computers in the school and it works great with Windows 7.  Obviously the screen res is not that great, and most tablets are nicer to watch videos on, but it is ok too.I would mostly recommend it if you need a Windows computer for a specific software.  Great for a college student and great for a professional who needs to run Case Catalyst.  I updated to a low end ASUS which hasn't arrived yet and my only hope is that it runs as nice as this one and the startup and wake up from sleep time are at least equal to this one.  I only updated because of the weight mostly.  Carrying a Steno machine and a computer makes weight important, but I don't need a powerhouse computer.  Will be giving this one to my father where he only runs financial software.  He will love how nice and fast this computer is compared to his slow desktop he has now.  It is also great for surfing the web and all that stuff.  Battery life is not that great with the one it comes with or the ones that you can by new that are the same size.  They do sell extended batteries, there is the Dell one, but that one is over $100 as much as the computer can be gotten these days.  Then they sell aftermarket extended batteries on ebay.  I got one and it worked excellent, made the computer last about 3.5 hours with not heavy use, just using CaseCat.  But the battery itself went bad, and not recognized by computer after a short time, so even though the extended battery is sold for $25 not sure whether it was just the particular one of if it happens a lot with that after market battery so not sure if it is worth it to get those after market extended batteries or if I just got a bad one.  Maybe make sure if you get one on ebay that it promises a year warranty.Pros: Sturdy, startup and wake up time fastCons: Heavy for laptop these days and screen rez and the power chord is also bulky and heavy.