Overall - Great hardware, battery life shorter than average (~2 hours), great for $400, WORKS GREAT WITH BOTH WINDOWS 7 AND LINUX (worked out of box with Mageia Linux)I was looking for a cheap, light laptop I can use easily for business trips and lectures. I was originally looking at Dell laptops as I have had great experience with them previously, but they were a little more expensive than I wanted to pay for, and they are a bit on the heavier side (albeit they are very sturdy machines!). I've had good luck with ASUS monitors and other peripherals, so I decided to give this laptop a try.I received the laptop in adequate packaging. It looks sleek, but not overly-flashy (a plus in my opinion). The case feels a bit flimsier than what you would expect from something like a Dell Inspiron or HP Pavillion, but it weighs much less for this reason and is still pretty solid; I feel that any occurence that would damage this case would also damage a Dell\HP case, so there isn't much of a functional difference.  The left\right click do sound a bit "clicky" as another reviewer mentioned, but the trackpad and clickers function well and do not have common problems that other laptops experience in terms of usability. The outside lid does easily attract skin oil, but it is easily removed by just taking a damp cloth and running it over the case. Keyboard is welk laid out with intuitive placement of non-character keysThe hardware inside is great for anything you would want to do (4 gigs of RAM, Intel Core I3), except for playing games that require heavy 3D graphics. The graphics chipset is actually just integrated into the motherboard instead of acting as a dedicated unit, so you won't be able to squeeze as much power out of it as gaming laptops or desktops. If you have any games in mind you are thinking of playing, I would do a search to see their compatibility with the HD Intel 3000 graphics chipset first.One thing to note though is the onboard webcam and mic suck, though that's not really a surprise as it's a 0.3 megapixel camera. It's definitely usable in Skype when latency and bandwidth come into play, but don't expect to record and masterpieces that you can upload to youtube later. To be fair though, generally most laptops lack in the integrated webcam deparment, except for the really expensive ones. For the price range of this laptop, you can't really expect anything significantly better, so I am not holding this issue against the laptop.My only gripe (and reason I am giving this laptop 4 stars) is the battery life, which runs a bit short for laptops these days at 2 hours. However, I think ASUS went with a battery that has less charge capacity simply because it weighs less. You will be surprised at how weightless the battery is compared to other laptop batteries. Again, this laptop is very light and thin for it's price, which I believe was the point of this specific product. I suppose can understand the decision ASUS made, though my personal preference would be to have something that lasts slightly longer.One last good thing is that replacement cables and batteries seem to be cheap. So far I have found a replacement AC Adapter for $15, and a whole replacement battery for $35. It's affordable enough where I may consider carrying two batteries with me (they really are that light) on days I know I will need extended use out of my machine without having the opportunity to charge it.All in all, for it's pricepoint it's a great buy. I would also take a look at some comparable Dell Inspirons if you dont mind paying a bit more if you find yourself wanting a very sturdy case or slightly longer battery life. For any heavy 3d game playing, look at more higher-end laptops that have dedicated NVIDIA or ATI video cards.Final thoughts: I like the laptop, it's worth $400