It truly pains me to write this review.  I researched laptops more than I should have, spending a lot of time trying to figure out just the perfect one for me.  I decided to spend a little more than my $400 budget, and went with the $550 Sony.  All my laptops have been in that $400 to $500 range, so this was a bit higher than normal for my wife and I.I received it quickly, and really liked the looks of it (I did check out a similar model at BB).  We opened it and noticed the keyboard was not properly snapped into place, so I just pressed on the outer perimeter and snapped in all the edges.  Typing on the keyboard felt nice.  I liked the backlight too!The touchpad was not great.  I am accustomed to just lightly tapping my finger on the pad to click, and with the settings adjusted to be very sensitive, the touchpad would still require a few tries before it accepted my "tap input".The left and right buttons are on the corners of the seemingly continuous touchpad.  They are very flimsy and feel awkward to use.Multitouch input is a FAR cry from any smart phone I've used.  It usually took a few tries to get it to function the way I needed it to.  I mean, come on Sony... this is 2012.  Is this technology stuff that tough?  Sony has always been a great brand, but the touchpad is as if its never been invented before and I'm getting a beta version of it on my laptop.  $300 laptops have a better feel in the touchpad than this one.The speakers were VERY tinny and pretty quiet.  I guess I'm spoiled from the speakers on my 17" Acer laptop that had some kind of built in subwoofer.  I thought those were mediocre, but now I can appreciate them more.  This Sony has lousy speakers.  Don't let the fancy trademark fool you.FINALLY... the MAIN reason I returned this product.  The screen.  How is it that a laptop that is 4 years NEWER than my best one in our home has a screen not as bright, not as crisp, and lacks in deep blacks in comparison to the older ones?  Shouldn't there have been improvements over the past 4 years?  Keep in mind, we never have spent this much on a laptop.Also, the screen had a blue tint that was impossible to adjust.  We had to put the screen at its brightest, and it still wasn't as bright as any other computer in the house.  It appears Sony has put cheap technology in this thing all over.In conclusion, technology should ONLY improve over time, but this laptop was a step back to 2004 technology in some ways (obviously not the processor speed).  I have to send this back because the the poor touchpad, the screen quality, and the processor created as much heat as my old Acer (one reason I really wanted a new computer... a burnt lap gets annoying).  My wife also mentioned her opinion of it right out of the box was that it had a cheap feel.  I don't know about that, but that was her input.I'm regretfully sending this back.  I REALLY wanted that Vegas movie editing software it came with too.