This is an oddly specific thing to say, but if you have a physical therapy student in your life, this is the PERFECT gift.I'm in school for my doctorate right now, and this laptop has proven to be absurdly great for the job.Boots up fast:I open and close my laptop A LOT during lecture, as school is structured around lecture, case discussions, and hands-on practice. There's a lot of getting up and moving around, but when we sit back down to our laptops, mine is the first to be up and running so I can start frantically taking notes like a crazy person (take note: grad school is hard, kids).Doesn't get sluggish:I need to run multiple powerpoints, word docs, pdfs, and a browser at once during class - this holds up to the task well without getting bogged down.Long Battery Life:My school requires we use our laptops at all times - even our written exams take place on our laptops in a lockdown browser. Getting a seat next to an outlet is pretty competitive, but it's not a big concern for me with this. My class days are about 12 hours long, which is unreasonable to expect a laptop to last that long, but at least I only need to plug in once a day. It charges pretty quick, too.Convertible!:It's very handy to be able to flip it into tablet mode during lab, or pitch it in tent mode so I can look at my notes easily while practicing hands-on techniques.Ink option in Word:It is awesome to flip it into tablet mode, grab a stylus, and doodle neuro pathways or effects of nerve lesions in class. I'm a visual and tactile learner, so this is a great for that.Motion detector:The motion detector option is great - you can flip thru powerpoint slides with the wave of a hand. It's perfect for while I'm practicing on someone and my hands are covered with lotion.Right? This laptop is ridiculously perfect for physical therapists.Now for the downsides...Windows 8:A pain in the ass at first, but I got the hang of it... resentfully...WIFI:It had wifi connectivity issues (as many reviewers have noted before me), but since downloading the latest driver (that only comes with updating to Windows 8.1), I actually haven't had a problem. [Update: wifi problems are back a couple months after I updated. According to the Lenovo forums, I'm not the only one. A few people said Lenovo Support is now completely replacing the wifi card when you send it in, and that fixed the problem. I guess I'll try that!]Touch Screen Angst:The touch screen function is finicky in the corners, but it's not something I notice until I try to close a window. It's also not a problem if you're running the app version of something (like running the app for Chrome instead of using it on your desktop)Touchy Touch Pad:This thing is hyperactive, loves to double click, and NO, changing the settings doesn't help (everyone tells me that.) Per someone else's recommendation on a review for this laptop, I bought a decal (just search Amazon for "Lenovo Yoga 13 decal" and you'll get a ton of results. I bought mine from "decalrus"). I'm only using the keypad decal and it works really well! There's still an unintended-double click issue, but it's intermittent and the pad overall is much less sensitive. Plus, the decal has skulls and stuff so I can feel like a badass.Overall, I definitely recommend it! Especially for a student - med students, PT students, etc would really love it. I know it's pricey - I actually bought mine refurbished from Lenovo's Outlet website. It's cheaper that way, but the downside is that you can't buy a warranty until AFTER the first year of use.My recommended modifications/purchases:Update to WIndows 8.1 and update the wireless driver to fix the connectivity issuesBuy a good stylusBuy a decal for your keypadBuy a silicone keyboard cover so crap doesn't get in the keys