Read at the end about my problems with this computer.I wanted a computer that is light weight and easy to bring with me.  Netbooks fit that class, except that the keyboard is so small that one can not touch type on it.  This machine is a great combination.  It has a normal size keyboard (no number pad, but do not need that here), nice size screen, and light weight.  Like an ultrabook, but at half the price.  My rationale in buying it is if it is too big and too heavy to shlep around, then I am not going to bring it, then why have it.The big problem is that when one travels, AND uses the machine for more than just internet communication, computer functionality is important.  And so is the size and the weight.  This machine does all that I need.  I am very impressed with it.On the negative side, there is no door or cover for the RAM or the harddrive.  If I were to go and put in a bigger RAM stick, I would have to take the whole bottom off, and that would void my warranty.Then the OS.  I know that Windows sells, but is ridiculous for a mouse driven laptop.  It is fine for a cell phone, but not for programming on a machine like this.  I wiped the hard drive, turned off UEFI, and then installed Opensuse 12.2 (12.1 does not have a driver for this new graphics chip).  It now works very well.On another side, the box said that the machine is "distributed by Lenovo" meaning that they did not make it.  Lenovo is a fine company and I expect that it is a well made machine, or they would not sell it.  I also note that Asus also makes an S400, but theirs has a touch screen and costs a whole lot more.  I do not need a touch screen so this is much better.  And I can not think of a higher quality computer manufacturer than Asus.One more point, the BIOS does not allow turning off the touch pad, and sometimes while typing it causes some funky things to happen (I might bump it).  I carry a mouse with me and do not like the touch pad.  And there are NO BIOS updates available from Lenovo for this machine.Just found out that I can turn off the key pad with F plus Fn keys.  Too bad that is screwed up now.UpdateThere were 4 keys that were dead, would not work.  This was from the beginning.  So, I tried plugging in a USB keyboard and everything worked fine, but the keyboard on the machine had the problem.Then I put in skype and the image looked like I was underwater, just blurry.so I sent it back under warranty.  I was told that it would be about 10 days.After 3 weeks I called and they had not even touched it yet.Called back in another week and they said that they put in a new motherboard and it is on the way.Well, it came back, and now it had six things wrong with it.  The novo button would not bring up the BIOS, but Fn and F2 together will within the first 1 second of boot up.  The BIOS says that the machine is an S405 but with an Intel chip.  Huh?The camera is not blurry now, it is dead.The F keys do what they are supposed to combined with Fn, but can not be used as F keys anymore.Should I go on.Yes, it went right back.  They paid the post for Fedex express.Now lets see what happens.I should have bought the optional insurance package when I bought it.  I have had Lenovo and Toshiba in the past and no problems.  I am very disappointed is all that I can say.I sent it back for the second time, less than a few hours after I got it.  I started calling after 3 weeks.  Did not get calls back.  I finally filed a formal complaint with the BBB.  That got me a response.  Promised me my choice of two machines in exchange.  Reviews on neither were very good.  Why go from the frying pan to the fire?I finally got it back from service after 6 weeks (now a total of 10 weeks).  The trim piece around the screen was falling off, just hanging there.  The Novo button will not depress and does nothing.  No more boot options.  At least it now now knows that it is an S400.  What else is wrong I have no idea at this time.  I plan to get rid of this machine.  Maybe round the corners and make it into a frisbee.My opinion (and nothing more) is that this is a nice machine, as long as you never let Lenovo service it.  This is based upon my experience of them breaking more than they fix every time it goes in, them taking ten weeks, and the lack of communication.