I've had this laptop for the past 3 weeks or so now and i really like it. I dont think it really qualifies as an 'ultrabook' based on its specifications but thats up for debate since the ultrabook term is used so loosely now. Either way, this is a good laptop for you if: you want something thin, well built, lighter than the normal laptop, and easily able to do all the normal stuff and maybe some less graphically intensive games and light photo/video editing. That's basically a quick summary; below are my observations from my time with the laptop:BATTERY: This laptop takes quite some time to fully charge. I timed a full charge from 0% to 100% and it took roughly 3.5 hours... and that was with it powered off! I would imagine even longer if its being used at the same time. In terms of battery life; i tested this by setting it to max performance (peak brightness, no display dimming, etc...) and opening Netflix and letting it play a video till it died. It timed in at roughly 4 hours; which is good. My Asus UX31A ultrabook never got me more than 2.5 at high settings. With regular usage and a balanced power plan, this Dell laptop gives me around 6 hours on average. Once again this is quite good. I never tested on the most power-saver type plans because the screen is just too hard to see at those low levels of brightness. Maybe that's how you can get those 11 hours they advertise for this laptop. But 11 hours wont do you much good if you cant see what your doing!BUILD QUALITY: I absolutely love the build quality. It is by far my favorite aspect of this laptop. For an ultrabook it is heavy at 4.6 lbs. But this is probably the most sturdiest and well built laptop i have ever owned and i have owned quite a few laptops. The beautiful aluminum lid, the soft touch coating on palm-rests, a silicon base on the bottom to prevent too much heat from hitting your legs... just overall a great job by Dell on this front. The only thing that could be better is the touchpad. It doesnt always respond to clicks and moves the cursor instead. In fact i had another issue with the touchpad at first; where two finger scrolling would sometimes just cause the page to jump all the way back to the top. I fixed this later on by updating the drivers but the touchpad still sometimes doesnt respond to clicks.GPU: I found this interesting because this laptop does something i had never seen before. Its actually got 2 GPU's. One is an Intel 4000 HD and the other is an Nvidia GeForce GT 630M. It uses these two in a technology called Nvidia Optimus. It basically helps save battery since the more powerful Nvidia gpu isnt used unless necessary.WEBCAM: Worst part of the laptop. Its pretty bad. 0.9 MP on Skype meaning ugly images and i have had some problems with the microphone as well with people on the other side not being able to hear me.HARDDRIVES: This laptop uses 2 hard drives. On mine, one is a Hitachi HTS5450 which acts as the main storage disk. It has 454 GB of capacity and you have 420GB available to you. The other is an Samsung PM8 SSD, which is meant to improve startup times. It does an OK job, i timed it in at 15s from a cold start up. My Asus uses just an SSD boots up in 6-7 seconds. If you leave the Dell on standby instead you can get it back up in about 8 seconds though.OTHER BITS OF INFO: Its got a really cool lightbar in front to show charge status. The ac adapter is capable of 100-240v input. The Windows Index rating is at 4.6 mainly due to the graphics card. Everything else is rated 5.9 or 6.4. The back-lit keyboard is nice, though its only got 3 settings: high, low or off. The AC adapter isnt too big, so it wont add to much weight to your backpack if you take it with you.