The first thing I did when this laptop arrived was reformat it to run Linux, so I can't really comment on whether it does the sort of things people allegedly want Windows for.Hardware wise, the laptop seems good, with a few caveats after a couple weeks of use:- Overall build quality is solid.  The body has a bit of a hollow sound if you tap it (I think other reviewers noted this), but there's absolutely no deflection or bend to the case at all, even when held from a corner.  The laptop is surprisingly light for the size.- I would strongly suggest that you look into getting a unit with an i5 processor and perhaps upgrade the HDD to SSD yourself.  With the i7 version, I only see battery life in about the 7-8 hour range under ordinary use, and probably less than 2 hours if the i7 really spins up.  The performance difference is negligible, so I wish I'd been able to find an i5 unit for extra battery life.- If you actually need performance (to do engineering work, for example), then the dual core ultrabook-class processor in this unit will simply not suit you i7 or not, and you should look at something like the T440p instead.- The screen is good, though it seems more semi-gloss than matte.  The anti-glare coating is effective in bright light.- The screen is one of the few available without some horrible touch-screen trash glued to it.  This means the laptop is lighterand the screen isn't glossy, so double-plus on the screen being good.  It's one of the /only/ good ones.  I would have bought an X240 instead, in fact, except that model is only available in glossy.- The backlight on the keyboard shines straight into your eye when viewed from the side.  I generally just leave it off.- The keyboard itself, on the other hand, is GREAT.  Much better than other laptop keyboards.  The only mildly annoying bit is that if you want to swap the top row to be function keys by default, the FnLk LED will always be lit (even when swapped in the BIOS).  Also, the Fn key is in the wrong place, but you can swap it with Ctrl in the BIOS.  This seems like a minor problem compared to the Carbon X1, which doesn't have working function keys at all, though.- The Mini DisplayPort is good, but the lack of an HDMI port is unfortunate.  I find the VGA port useless.  I don't have the optional docking station, so I don't know how well that works.- The two-battery design seems to work well.  I like having the option of buying the 6-cell upgrade battery.And now (drumroll) the big one: the touchpad that other reviewers unanimously hate:The touchpad is... OK, actually.  Not great, but OK.It requires manual reconfiguration of the Synaptics driver to work acceptably in Linux because it's a new design, but I rather like it compared to other clickpads (such as the model in the Dell XPS 13).  I like that the whole pad depresses under my finger, and having three raised dots at the top is great because it gives me a middle mouse button I can find by feel (yay!).  Most other laptops are basically hopeless if you want a middle-click.  Granted, making the top of the pad work right in Linux wasn't the default, but the setting was easy.  No idea how well that works in other operating systems.The main downside with the touchpad is that palm detection seems to be absolutely broken.  This might be a driver issue, but from the sound of other reviews it seems like perhaps not.  To mitigate this, I just assigned a keyboard shortcut to turn tap-to-click on and off, and switch to using physical pressure when I need to type accurately.  It's a compromise, but overall it works better than most laptops for me.  In any case, I think I'd still want the shortcut if palm detection worked, since palm detection always fails when you need it most.The trackpoint (the tiny eraser-shaped joystick) doesn't seem like it provides a lot of value, but I do occasionally use it for precise control.There were a few other issues which seem like they were probably Linux driver issues:- The fingerprint reader is difficult to find drivers for and seldom works.- I've had stability issues with the Intel WLAN card.- I've also had some occasional stability issues with the OEM Samsung SSD drive, which might be power management related.- Bluetooth also seems pretty poor, but I'm sure this is a driver issue.Overall, I'm pretty satisfied with this laptop.  It isn't the prettiest, and I would have preferred a 12-13" size if an acceptable model was available, but in general it works well.  The biggest downside is that it's rather expensive (similar in price to a MacBook Pro, which comes with a much stronger processor), but you're paying extra for a keyboard and a screen that actually work.