I just got this great laptop a few days ago and so far I think it's an AWESOME machine but does have some minor flaws.  I have mostly only bought Dell's in the past but with my recent experiences with them, I will NEVER buy a Dell again.  I had been scoping out laptops for a few months and when my desktop hard drive suddenly went, it was time to pull the trigger.I had a few mandatory requirements: screen size minimum 17 inches, minimum 6 gig RAM, a good graphics card (handle multiple monitors) and at least an Intel dual core processor.  I'm not a gamer but am a software developer so I really need the processing power and RAM.  This lead me into looking at "gaming" laptops for their power and better graphics cards.Anyways, this computer fit the bill perfectly and then some(you see the specs), more than satisfied my requirements and it looks much better in person than the pics.  But I took a look at the version at Best Buy before purchasing it.  I would have gotten the one at Best Buy which had less RAM and hard drive space but was $400 cheaper except there were none left in any of the stores in my area and the guy said they were discontinuing it (looks like others were already all over that great deal).  So for $400 more I got 8GB of RAM vs 6GB and got 1TB of hard drive space vs 500GB plus a nice backpack to go with the laptop.This computer looks great, no problems setting up and configuring anything and is working like a charm.However, I do have a few gripes.  Other reviews complain about the keyboard responsiveness, I don't agree, it's fine and being backlit is a huge plus except the layout of the keyboards function keys is quirky. For example, I'm really into using keyboard shortcuts and a "paste" is SHIFT + INSERT, there is an insert key on the upper right side of keyboard but that one doesn't perform the keyboard shortcut.  There is another insert key on the numeric keypad (lower right corner) that performs the paste.  I see other reviews state that there is no external volume control, NOT true.  Again, it's a keyboard thing.  You need to press the Fn button + F11 (lower) or F12 (raise) or F10 (mute) another quirky keyboard thing.  The laptop came with a very nice matching mouse, however it's not wireless.  I hate wires and this laptop comes with bluetooth so why not include a bluetooth mouse?  so I got the ASUS BX700 bluetooth mouse.  Not that you really need it but the user manual that comes with the computer is very generic like other reviews stipulate it probably covers all ASUS computers, nothing specific for this model.  Also, no recovery cd, it prompts you to create one when first turning it on but be prepared it takes about 3 hours+ and you need 6 blank dvd's.  Why not just include one, even if they have to charge a few bucks more.So other than these few gripes, all of which I can live with, I think BANG for BUCK you cannot find a better deal for what this laptop offers.  I would definitely recommend this computer to others.