I have had this laptop for about a month now. I was deciding between this and a MacBook Pro 15.6" with Retina display, and I am quite sure now that I made the right choice. It has been a lovely experience thus far, but it is important to note that it doesn't come out of the box this way. It is very obvious how Asus managed to get the price of this laptop as low as it is, but still deliver this incredible package. The hard drive, and to a lesser degree, the wifi card, are cheap, low quality components. The rest of the hardware is great, top-of-the-line stuff. What Asus has done here is actually brilliant, because the parts that cannot be swapped out (display, keyboard, body, processor) are really high quality, and they keep the price down by using a select few, low-quality components. If the customer wants to replace them with better components (and believe me, you will) then that can be done very easily, and you end up with an incredible machine at a great value. Thus, I feel that this laptop deserves 5 stars because I was blown away by the quality of 90% of this machine. The hard drive that comes stock is terribly slow, like borderline unusable. I replaced it with a Samsung 840 Evo SSD and now it flies. Alternatively, you could spend a lot less money and get a 7200 rpm HDD that would work reasonably well, but if you are going to go to the trouble, you might as well go all the way. Also, living in a college dorm, there are frequently a lot of walls between me and the crappy routers my school has, and the wifi card does not have great range. I replaced this with an Intel 7260 and it is substantially better now. I would consider this an optional upgrade depending on your situation and usage habits, but for me it made sense given that, unlike the SSD, this is a rather inexpensive part and it helped me out a lot.Pros:-Display. 1920x1080 is something I hadn't previously experienced and it is stunningly beautiful. In addition to the resolution, colors are bright and vivid, and the touchscreen works perfectly.-Construction. The aluminum build feels very solid and looks great, but still allows easy access to the guts of the machine for the aforementioned upgrades, unlike some other laptops (looking at you, Macbook Pro)-Keyboard and touchpad. Keyboard has excellent key travel, and feels great to type on. Touchpad is nice and responsive, and the gesture controls work consistently. Number keypad is very nice to have for data entry.-Battery life. I noticed a lot of people complaining about this, but no laptop will have good battery life under heavy usage. For light web browsing or using MS Office programs, battery life is a solid 3-4 hours, which is perfectly fine for me.-Mini DisplayPort. Didn't know it came with this, but its nice to have.-Charger. The connector feels very solid and doesn't wiggle or feel loose, and the power brick, although large, also feels like a quality part.-Light-up Asus logo on the back of the display. Pretty self-explanatory. I absolutely love the way this looks.-Included cleaning cloth. When I opened up the documentation packet, I found an included cleaning cloth, presumably for cleaning fingerprints off of the display and the lid. I don't get a lot of fingerprints on my touchscreen, but it is nice of them to include this.-Noise. Not the speakers, here, but the sound of the fan, or lack thereof. Unless you're using this machine in a warm room under heavy stress, its basically silent. Given that it vents into the hinge, I was not expecting this, but it ended up being a pleasant surprise.-Internals. Last but definitely not least, the processor and graphics card are fantastic. The Haswell i7 is absolutely incredible, and Nvidia 750m seems handle gaming quite well. The games I play don't really stress the graphics card that much, but it has handled everything I've done. 8 GB of RAM is probably more than enough for most people, and if not, it is, once again, an easy upgrade.Cons (from most to least serious):-Hard drive. I already talked about this, so its just a quick mention here.-Speakers. It's not that they sound bad, and actually, if you plug in the included sub, they sound really good. Without plugging it in, they are a little treble-heavy, but not bad. The issue is that they issue from the front of the bottom of the case, which reflects off the surface the computer is resting on and diminishes the sound quality. They are also easy to block in this position if not resting on a flat surface. This little dots that spread out from the power button and programmable button are just painted on, which works as part of the design aesthetic, but if they were actually machine drilled holes that had the speakers underneath them, I would be even more impressed with the design and I think the speakers would sound better. Asus, if you read this, that's my wish for the next generation of this laptop.-The screws on the bottom are Torx instead of a more common standard, so I ended up needing to spend an additional $8 on a set of screwdrivers, which is actually a drop in the bucket compared to the overall price of the unit.-The touchpad buttons require a firm press, so you may just want to tap on the pad most of the time.-The left side of the spacebar has started squeeking slightly, but I only ever hit the right side of the spacebar, so this doesn't affect me. There's probably a way to fix this, but I'm not going to bother.-There is no indicator light for Num lock. Really a very minor annoyance.With my modifications, this is the best computer I have ever owned. I absolutely love it, and you will not regret buying this.