I really wanted to love this computer. After my trusty Dell Studio laptop stopped working, I did a lot of research. I figured that since I don't do anything too sophisticated with my computer (no gaming, no heavy computations, no video editing or really even music playing), I could use something with just the basics. This computer had great ratings and seemed like a steal for the price, so I went with it. From the very beginning it was slow. I really only use my computer to surf the internet and type up documents for class, and it was slow with these very basic applications. One night, not even two months after purchase, I shut the computer down to finalize some updates (automatic Windows updates, mind you). Before shutting down it said it was applying the updates and not to turn it off. Standard. Except that it continued to do this for several hours, although the progress bar froze at 16%. Finally it powered itself off in the middle of the updates (even though it was plugged into the wall). When I attempted to reboot, it gave me a blue screen. It told me to uninstall the updates by booting into Safe Mode. Except that it wouldn't allow me to boot into Safe Mode. I tried booting from a Windows disc and from USB-- no luck. I passed it along to my friends in the computer science department and they couldn't fix it. It doesn't help that Asus's website is pretty terrible as well, and that you practically have to jump through hoops to access the information you need to. At one point I filled out a form with all my computer's information and the registration number on the bottom, pressed submit and the website changed entirely to an Asian language rather than giving me the page I wanted. I was in disbelief. I had registered the computer for warranty the very night it was delivered, but when I finally got in touch with an Asus rep through the website, he or she merely gave me some poor instructions to try to restore the operating system and said they could not replace it or offer a refund. At the same time, Amazon was telling me that I would need to have the computer serviced under warranty by Asus and they couldn't replace it. The entire thing was a mess. I am fairly certain that I received a defective unit (because the computer is so well-rated by others), but to me it is simply not worth the risk. In the event that you get a defective laptop, you will have to bend over backwards to send it back, will have to interface with Asus' horrible website, and will be told conflicting stories all along the way. Eventually Amazon took it back (but only because I had ordered it during the holidays and had an extended return window) and refunded it. Thank god. I'm pretty sure I'm going to buy a MacBook Pro now, simply so that I can be guaranteed in-person, competent service in the event that something goes wrong.