I actually purchased the Yoga 11" directly from Lenovo's site.  I do want to point out that my entire experience was really positive working with their sales and customer service staff.  The item shipped quickly and without hassle - they required signature but since they ship via UPS, they allowed my neighbor to sign.  Ultimately I did return this item which I'll explain more on, but that process too was outstanding.  They immediately (like while on the phone with them) emailed me pre-paid UPS shipping labels and provided all the instruction I needed to get it sent back.Pros:- Versatility and form factor: The 11" size is plenty portable, and it's relatively light for a laptop. The available touch-screen with it's various "modes" makes it nice to use while standing itself up in a wide range of positions across it's 360 degree rotation.- Build quality: It feels solid, the lines fit together well, it doesn't creak or flex when you hold it from outer edges.  The palm rest is textured and it seemed more durable than others I've used that discolored over time.  That said - it's casing is made of plastic and I hoped for higher grade materials. i.e. the aluminum found in Apple's products.Cons:- Internal hardware:  It uses the same Tegra 3 processor that comes available in $200 Android tablets, and as a result you're stuck with a diluted version of Window's 8, and it occasionally has a hard time keeping up with the performance demands.- Windows RT: This isn't a review for Windows RT so I'll keep this brief.  It's too limited, the Windows Store comes up short on apps I find essential, and being an ARM chip means you're stuck with RT indefinitely with no declared upgrade path to RT Pro.- Tablet Mode:  I thought I wanted the Yoga because it was the ideal compromise between laptop and tablet.  Unfortunately, it isn't.  It's just a bit to long (or tall) when holding it in portrait style.  It weighs 3.8lbs which is definitely too heavy for practical tablet use, and the keyboard remains exposed when in this mode, which for me felt very awkward.- Price: Considering the sacrifices with the weak-ish CPU, being stuck with Windows RT, and that it doesn't quite deliver on the tablet concept - it's overpriced at $799.In summary: I returned the Yoga because I found it to be fundamentally the same offering as the Microsoft Surface, but you're charged $300 more for the attached keyboard and it's various "modes".  The stand mode is super convenient, but it's not worth the difference in price.It needs a capable, lap-top grade processor that can run full Windows 8, and it needs to get closer in width/height ratio to true tablets while still offering lap-top productivity for it to be worth $799.When the app store is ready, I will want a Windows 8 device.  And a convertible of some kind would make a lot of sense for me if someone can produce one that delivers beyond concept and pays attention to the details that reveal themselves in daily use.