Just because it's a year old doesn't mean its not insanely powerful. Nearly every review I read online about this laptop faulted the screen, but I see no problems. It's bright and it's a screen. I moved from a 17 inch laptop with the same resolution and find this perfect. Text is readable, and all that extra space is filled with content. I like how portable this laptop is and was one requirement I had for a laptop. This laptop is a perfect candidate for amazon's 14 inch laptop sleeve which provides piece of mind and fingerprint protection, which is one I guess downside to having the best looking laptop around. Don't get me wrong I love the look of this rig, but your grandparents will treat you like you're 3 again. I guess it's the glowing green snake. I just want to say before going on however that I didn't buy this laptop because It rocks games. Here's my list of incentives: battery life 30%, Portability 20%, Power under the hood 25%, Gaming potential 15%, Looks 5%, last 5% comes down to other things such how put together and reliable the system is. I try to not make the same assumptions as many online review sites do and I wouldn't have bought this laptop If I did.Now this laptop is now nearly a year old and technology changes rapidly. This is actually why I think it's such a good deal right now. The processor is extremely powerful and the mSATA drive is the new standard for speed. These things aren't going to change in the next couple of years so drastically that this computer won't stack up. 8GB of ram sounds so little compared to other gaming laptops (read bricks) but the only time I use it all is when I'm doing a virus scan. Webcam is ehh. I opened the app on accident and it was grainy but I have an Iphone if i want to see you.A few other things people will mention about why this laptop isn't worth it is that the new one is so much better, but the new one has even greater heating issues (not necessarily bad, but noticeable in this one and I wouldn't want it much hotter), and the new screen as beautiful as it looks, can't be fully utilized while gaming and maintaining frame rates. Battery life suffers too. If a touch screen is your thing then go for it. Windows is now much nicer with touch, and I am starting to understand now all the windows 8 hate. Available ports is often mentioned as lacking too, but think about it. When is the last time you used a DVD? Or plugged into ethernet? A VGA projector plug further adds bulk without function. I'm glad to have a smaller laptop without these unnecessary plugs. You can get an external DVD drive for ~30$ or an ethernet plug for ~10$. The laptop sleeve you're going to buy will fit it.Just buy this laptop. If you've come far enough to actually read this review and actually consider this laptop then you're ready to actually experience what the Razer 14 has to offer. From the games I've played, both Civ 5 and Skyrim play on maxed out settings amazingly well, with the fan only kicking up to levels you can hear when fighting alot, just turn up the sound, it runs very quite.I think windows 8.1 is this computers biggest fault, but I'll get used to it. I've just basically turned off Start and it's mostly exactly like windows 7.I bought this from amazon's warehouse deals. The 1,000 price difference over this years model made my decision easy. Anything you buy from amazon warehouse has been inspected and it's condition listed. Mine simply didn't come in the original box, but everything was present. Probably just an open box and it saved be $$$, it's definitely worth looking into.