Date purchased: April 15, 2010Price paid: $2,199.00Vendor: MacConnectionHARDWARE:There is no denying the solid design and appealing aesthetics involved with the MacBook Pro's construction. Simply put, the look, feel, and refinement of the laptop's aluminum unibody enclosure is second to none. I was drawn to the portability and stated battery life (more on this later) that the MacBook Pro offered. It is thin, light (for its size), and it feels durable/sturdy. The 17-inch LED display delivers crisp pictures and an enjoyable video-viewing experience. Furthermore, the resolution (1920-by-1200) provides great real estate that should be well appreciated by users who require or enjoy organizing multiple windows and applications on the screen simultaneously. Unfortunately, Apple opted not to implement an IPS LED screen for the 2010 hardware refresh but that is simply nitpicking on my part. The keyboard is top-notch. It is comfortable and it supplies a decent amount of feedback while typing. The multi-touch trackpad is absolutely brilliant. It is a joy to use and its convenient functions streamline the overall UI experience and almost rids the need for a mouse. The three USB 2.0 slots are sufficient (but irritatingly close together) and the FireWire 800 port is snappy for backups/transfers. The lack of a Blu-ray optical drive was not a big deal for me but I understand it could be an issue for other people considering the price of the laptop.PERFORMANCE:A majority of other reviews I have read centered on the Core i7 processor rather the Core i5. It is safe to say that the Core i5 is more than enough for my needs and, most likely, a majority of other users'. It smoothly and effectively handles multiple applications and activities. I experienced no performance degradation while carrying a video chat, jamming to music, checking e-mail, browsing the web, and chatting online at the same time. Moreover, I encoded video and music files with ease while working with other applications. For users who regularly use processor-intensive applications such as Adobe Photoshop and Aperture, the Core i7 would be more suitable. The speakers dispense reasonable quality sound. I do not play computer games so I will not discuss the Intel HD graphics or GeForce GT 330M in that respect. All I can say is that it does the job perfectly well when watching high-definition video clips, movies, or Flash-based video. The 500GB hard drive is great for storage but the 5400-rpm specification is underwhelming.BATTERY LIFE:Let's just start with the numbers. I get about 4-6 hours (well, 6 hours if I am very battery conscious) on a daily basis. This involves general tasks such as e-mailing, chatting, music listening, and web browsing with the occasional video viewing. The screen's brightness is usually between 45-60% and the keyboard backlighting is not used. Now, these are commendable numbers by any means considering the size of the laptop. However, it is an absolute letdown when Apple claims one can squeeze up to 9 hours on a single charge. I even emulated the "test settings" Apple used to achieve those battery life numbers. I barely squeezed out 6 hours with about 4% remaining.VERDICT:Great personal laptop with a few subjective issues concerning the purported battery life and price-to-hardware/performance ratios.OFF-TANGENT RECOMMENDATIONS:If you decide to purchase an AppleCare Protection Plan to extend your MacBook Pro's warranty/support, look on eBay (SEE MARCH 6, 2012 UPDATE). You can easily find a legitimate AppleCare for less than half the price that Apple lists. If you are looking for a backpack to carry your MacBook Pro in, I highly recommend the Incase Nylon Backpack (CL55092 09).---update// (September 8, 2010)So far so good. I have grown accustomed to the Mac OS X operating system (quite user friendly) and the computer continues to run very well. The battery still churns out 4-6 hours on a daily basis. Most importantly, there have been no reliability issues even with heavy usage and traveling. One issue, however, is the amount of heat this computer can generate during intensive use such as watching video (i.e. online video, flash-based video, movie files). It can get very hot.------update// (March 6, 2012)I attempted to cancel my AppleCare to receive a prorated refund of the remaining coverage but Apple does not provide refunds for AppleCare warranties not sold by authorized Apple retailers. This is just a heads up to those who decide to take the risk of purchasing (any) AppleCare coverage from a non-authorized Apple vendor.---