Update / May 19, 2014 - My Envy x2 has been back to HP for repairs twice now and they are unable to fix the problem. I now have a 650 dollar paperweight. For anyone considering buying one of these, I would suggest you call HP Customer Service first and just listen to their voice prompt system. They have a voice prompt for people experiencing 'power on' issues. That's what I would call a 'hint'.------------------------------------------I've had my Envy x2 for close to a year now but it is going in a box today and will be returned. For anyone doing research prior to buying an Envy x2, google `Envy x2 won't turn on' .... and then look for another brand of tablet. I have 2 other HP computers and really like HP products and I love the x2 when I am able to get it to turn on, but I am finally done dealing with this horrendous device.When I first bought this x2 I noticed there were times it would not power up on the first attempt. The problem got worse but it appeared to me that is was more a BIOS or resource conflict issue and after seeing other people were having the same issue, I had hoped HP would resolve this and offer a fix through an update. I did periodically conduct my own searches for BIOS or other updates, performed the updates, but the problem remained.About 2 weeks ago I had the x2 take more than 100 attempts to turn on and that was the last straw for me. I called HP and after being transferred 7 times, I finally got someone who walked me through a BIOS update and the device appeared to be working properly. For 1 week, it powered up every time on the first attempt. Then I noticed there were Windows updates scheduled to be installed, which I allowed to happen. Immediately after they installed, I made 130 attempts to turn the x2 on, to no avail. HP recommends you press and hold the power button for at least 4 seconds. The 130 attempts took close to 7 minutes, but it would not turn on.This morning I tried again and the device powered up on the 7th attempt. I am wiping the hard drive right now and it will be IN THE BOX once complete and going back to someone. I would prefer to get my money back but am not sure that will happen as I've had the device for close to 1 year.I love the x2 once I get it to power up but it is going back because I am not going to spend 6 or 7 minutes trying to turn something on. I've owned 20 to 25 computers in my life and this is the absolute worst computing device I have ever owned.There appears to be some x2 owners who do not experience this issue but it also appears HP cannot figure why this is happening to far too many users. You can roll the dice and hope you get a good one, but I know if I had to do it all over again, I would not buy an x2.