I own this notebook for the past 4 weeks, and used it hard since then. I bought it at FRYS for 750 USD; at that price it's a good notebook, but at the MSRP of 900 USD it's merely average.The good:- 64bit edition of Windows 7- Bright LED Screen- ECOnomy mode- 4 GB of faster DDR3 RAM- 500 GB Harddrive- Nvidia Geforce GT230M videocard- Higher End Multimedia options & connectivity (Firewire, HDMI, eSATA)- sensitive WI-FI card with Draft N protocol- in-built Accelerometer that 'protects' the harddrive better versus data-loss when the netbook gets dropped or bumped- slot-loading DVD-burner - no accidentally breaking-off the DVD-tray- decent Audio-speaker that actually can be loud and do not loose their sound quality; to top it off, the Speakers are housed in their own vibration-padded casing.- OPTIONAL a 12-cell battery can be purchased separately at Toshiba, which becomes a necessity if you're on the go a lot.The bad- Battery Life - a standard 6-cell Battery- Battery Life (again - why? because the battery is dead after 1 hour when watching a movie, or playing a AAA-game)- slow harddrive (takes forever to boot-up from 'cold' state)- no Bluetooth- no inbuilt keyboard back light (so you can see and type in the 'dark')- comes pre-installed with a lot of "shovel-ware" (that is; installed software that's not needed because windows7 has them already integrated) that causes to prolong the boot-up process tremendously.- Toshiba deviating from the MXM-standard (Mobile PCI-Express Module) for mobile video-cards - that means, you cannot easily replace the 3D-video-card against a better/faster one, down the road, to prolong the value of your notebook- in-built Processor does NOT support Intel's VT - The ability to run hardware support for Virtual Machines (i.e. Windows XP Mode in Windows 7 Professional & Ultimate)Quintessence:It's a decent system, if you get it for cheaper (as I did) than the MSRP. the Video-card is, as of time of writing, considered a "high performance" model, compared what's currently out there for laptops. The lack of BluRay drive I consider not a problem, since the 16-inch screen-size does not really require Hi-Def resolution. Speakers have a good sound, compared to other notebooks out there. What bugs me most is the Battery-Life, it's okay for "web surfing & word processing" (about 2 hours, 2.5 hours with the ECO-mode active), but if you're watching movies or playing AAA-rated games, the battery is dead in ~1 hour or less. It's highly recommended to purchase the optional 12-cell battery. What i miss the most - other than the battery life - is integrated Bluetooth (for wireless stereo headsets) and the keyboard not being back-lit (for better typing in low-light/dark). It needs to be noted that the Laptop has eSATA and HDMI connectivity, for high data-rate transfers with external harddrives or other devices, and for Hi-Def audo/video connectivity. the eSATA-port is also an USB-port at the same time, which allows to charge external devices (cellphones, MP3 players and such) while the notebook is in "sleep mode", but that is only feasible when the optional 12-cell battery is used/installed.What upsets me the most is that Toshiba deviates from the MXM industry standard of mobile video cards, which would allow to replace the video-card against a newer one to make the Notebook last longer in value - especially if you're a avid computer gamer. But for 90% of all consumers out there this is usually not much of concern.According to a recent survey, Toshiba and ASUS notebooks are currently the longest lasting one, whereas DELL and Hewlett-Packard notebooks have the shortest life cycles; which is also a reason why i bought this notebook.It's worth four stars at my purchase price, but only three stars at MSRP.Verdict:Buy it, if you get it for cheaper than the MSRP