I've owned this laptop since December of 2009 and so far, I haven't encountered ANY problems or bugs with it. I'm very happy with it, because it's so amazing.Let's start with the pros:- Amazing design, first of all. Nice, sleek, and an eye-catcher.- Fast. Awesomely fast, compared to my Windows desktop, which is like a snail.- The screen is bright, sharp, and vibrant. The colors look amazing on this thing.- The speakers are pretty good for a laptop. This is my first laptop, so I really don't know how it compares to PC laptops.- The battery life lasts as long as it advertises. However, if you are doodling in Photoshop, watching a video or playing a game with high graphics, the battery may only last around 3 hours or less. I'm not sure the exact number of hours, tho.- Nice multitasking abilities. Just swipe the track-pad with four fingers and BAM, there's all your windows.- It comes with GarageBand, which benefits me, since I can easily record and edit my songs. Not sure if it'll benefit you.- It hasn't even crashed once. I've never even gotten a virus either (but it's still good to have a virus software on it like ClamXav or something).- I love the battery monitor on the left side. It's very convenient.- It charges up rather quickly, which is awesome.- After nearly half a year, I've only used up 20% of my battery. Therefore, if I calculate correctly, the battery will last you around 2 to 2.5 years or maybe less. But I guess it depends on what you do on it. I don't play games on it a lot, but I do watch a lot of videos. So maybe if you do lightweight stuff on it, it could last you longer.- Love the back-lit keyboard. You can adjust it's brightness with pushing one button. I never thought it'd be useful, but it actually is.- If you're listening to iTunes and you want to pause it, just click the pause button on the keyboard. It'll pause, even if you're on a different window. On Windows, you have to open up iTunes and click pause, which is a pain. That is why I'm listing this in the pros.- This laptop, as you imagine, holds so much space. I've only used like, 30GB. lol.- The track-pad must be the best track-pad in the world. Seriously.Now on to the cons:- Like some other reviewers said, this thing gets really HOT. Especially if you're watching videos or playing games. I swear, if you put it on your bare legs, it'll burn you. You could probably cook eggs on it.- The edges are rather sharp. It leaves lines on my wrists whenever I use the track-pad. :(- The USB ports are too few and are too close together. I would have liked a USB port on the right side. But hey, you can't have everything you want.- Everyone knows this, but you can't change the battery unless you're a computer expert who knows how to take apart computers. It doesn't bother me that much, tho. Luckily, I have an Apple store in my future college campus. :D- You can't maximize windows to fit the whole screen. But, oh well, it doesn't really bother me but it may bother someone.I think I've covered everything. Despite the immense heat and the sharp edges, I really love this laptop and, as of last year, I am an Apple fan because they make such nice products. If you have the money for this laptop, totally go and buy it. It's worth every penny and you won't be disappointed. ;)