I purchased the MSI GE60 about 2 and a half weeks ago and have yet to find a complaint about it. It's truly lived up to its expectations as a gaming laptop! Here are a few things about this laptop I find worthy of mention.Exterior Surfaces:Sleek finish on the casing makes the laptop appear much more professional than other gaming laptops, which I find to be a plus. The wrist resting surface on the inside is comfortable and doesn't get hot with the laptop (which doesn't happen much!)Monitor:A standard 1920x1080 pixel resolution display on a 15.6" screen makes the picture clear at a very close viewing distance. Something deceptive about the larger laptops is that they can actually spread out the pixels on the larger screen when they have the same resolution display making the image appear worse when you're at the close distance you'd expect to have in a laptop. The screen is exceptionally bright (moreso than my last laptop) and I haven't experienced any glare on the screen from artificial or sun light. Viewable at a wide range of viewing angles as well.Keyboard:To my surprise the keyboard has a full numberpad which was an adjustment but definitely a plus for me in the long run. However, this pushed the arrow keys into the right shift key which makes it a bit small. There's also no "function" key on the right side of the keyboard, requiring two hands to adjust the volume or screen brightness. The keyboard by SteelSeries (great gaming accessory company; I ordered a mouse pad from them a few months back) feels very sharp and precise with key presses and has a satisfying weight to each key. The LED illumination is different for me, but it happens to match the LEDs in my mouse :P For some reason there's a 2nd LED setting that illuminates only the far left side of the keyboard (probably for the standard gaming keys of WASD ZXCV etc)Touchpad:Responsive, logical usage, perhaps a little *too* sensitive to taps as I've accidentally clicked while trying to use it. A bit of a negative is the inability (at least for me) to use the mousepad while a USB mouse is plugged in. Probably a feature, but to me seems illogical.Cooler Booster or whatever it's called:What a great feature!! If you just wanna keep your laptop cooled even further with regular use, push the button to turn it on and away goes the heat! It says 15% cooling increase but the heat it pumps out from the side is amazing with it on! Big plus!Processor:i7 processor is of course the greatest of Intel right now. 2.4 GHz isn't laughable, but when you can overclock to 3.3 GHz without any adverse effects (or even extra heat!!) it's pretty amazing especially on a laptop of this size. Remarkably fast processor that has drastically reduced load times. As an avid League of Legends player, I went from the last to load in, to the first to load in every time.Nvidia Geforce Graphics Card:I still haven't figured out how to manually switch between the intel graphics chip and the nvidia card, but automatic settings have worked fabulously. Any game I launch, I immediately go into settings and crank everything up to max. Everything I've ran runs at 60 FPS stable still. 2 GB of graphics memory is huge. Great to have on a laptop!! I'm curious how it would run something like BF3 but I don't own it :/Sound Blaster Cinema:WOW this laptop has some sound behind it. Comparable to leading sound systems for laptops this thing packs quite the punch. Max volume is WAYYYY too loud for any setting. The Sound Blaster settings make sounds in music, movies, and games (separate settings for each type) sound as they should with crystal sound quality. Huge bonus to have as well.Killer Network Manager:I don't know what it does still. I've actually suspected that it unfairly shares download bandwidth and hogs it to a single application (for example I couldn't watch Youtube at all because my other downloads were running at my max download speed). When I opened the application, hardly anything was displayed and there were only like two settings for me that did nothing. I think being on wireless has prevented a lot of this feature from working. Wired connections may experience something different. I haven't found any latency improvements in game (if anything my ping has gone up)Battery Life:Seems good to me. Have to remember to stay at 2.4 GHz on the processor because 3.3 will destroy the battery very quickly!! I'd say you could get 3-4 hours of movie watching on a single charge with medium brightness.Windows 8:It's certainly different. And designed for a tablet which is kinda dumb for a computer with a mouse... But I hardly use the start screen anyway. The Desktop can run everything on its own. I only used the start screen the first day to test out all the smart apps (which are a bit slow for my taste and have a terrible graphical layout) and install google chrome from Internet Explorer.Quality for Price:I paid $1199 when I purchased it. For this price, this laptop was an excellent buy for me. At retail price, maybe not such a great deal, but still a quality laptop that will offer all the power you could want or need for gaming. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high end gaming laptop.