+ Very nice modern cellphone like display - touchscreen, clarity, contrast, viewing angles, etc. IPS.+ Very sturdy hinges and easy to fold into tablet mode and back.+ Light for the tablet+keyboard combo. Not as light as a 'tablet-only' PC, but the benefit of both worlds makes it a dream to use across all uses. Fast swiping viewing photos and surfing the net in tablet mode, editing spreadsheets and typing fast in notebook mode.+ Fast boot from SDD - 10 seconds or so.+ i5 CPU+ Thin and comfortable form factor. Good button placement, easy to access ports and SD card slot, etc.+ Nice, thin, light-touch keyboard. Better than my noisy Lenovo Z580's clacking noisy keyboard.- Only 128GB SSD to start. You'll have to replace with a 256-400GB+ SSD for $130-240+ later on for more storage space, or add a 64GB+ SD card.- WiFi under Win8 is unusual. Doesn't connect to a Netgear router from AT&T; even though all the 5+ laptops and phones in the house not running Win8 do perfectly fine at first. Had to enter the MAC address manually to bypass the MAC address filter block (even though the setting for this is OFF/DISABLED!!) - yes, wierd because at the same time, two new phones could connect using only the router password and did not need MAC address to be entered into the router!?! WTH, Win8!!!  (Yes, I'm a decades IT tech support guy, so it's definitely one of those odd Win8 vs router bugs going on here...)  Haven't pinned it down to the router, Win8 or Wifi Card, but figure as long as the minor change above fixed it all, moving along with life.- If you flip it in/out of tablet mode and quickly touch the screen or keyboard at the same time, it can 'confuse' it. eg. You've flipped it into tablet mode, but the keyboard still works or the virtual keyboard doesn't open.  One of those sensor vs. OS timing interactions, so easy way around this? Flip it to one mode or another without touching the keyboard, wait 1 second, and all will be fine. Doesn't always occur, but it does enough that you can start figuring out what causes this.- No CD/DVD drive. Sigh. Even though 7mm thick DVD drives are around (eg. Toshiba R series had them), etc, none here. Thus, extra external DVD drive to carry around. (Pioneer XD04 Bluray burner is a great pick)- Screen resolution isn't 1600x900 or 1920x1080 high. Even a Nook HD+ displays text crisper and nicer, especially asian characters that have fine details.- Only two USB ports, only one is a USB 3.0. No VGA port. No Ethernet port. Here's problem - has more than enough edge space to fit in more ports, but they go cheap and leave them all out. Even leave out the microphone port and has only one headphone (multifunction) port that only accepts 'special' microphones for recording.You can compare reviews at notebookcheck and other places for benchmarks.Yoga 11s is basically, at the five hundred refurb'd I got it for, one of the best examples of a high-quality Win8 tablet/laptop out today. Across the slew of available devices at this price range, nothing else touches it for the speed, performance, power, screen, weight and features that this has. The touchscreen is Galaxy responsive, and nice to the point where you automatically start swiping older notebooks and kick yourself after learning how to multitask input methods on the Yoga - type using the keyboard, touch selections on the screen, pinch zoom photos, mouse over to fine selections, right-click to pop open things, etc. Honestly, you start to wonder why everything else isn't built the same way =DNot quite so full-featured (CPU speed and HDD space) that it can instantly replace another, more powerful recent i5/i7 notebook, but for everyone else running something 2-3+ years old, it'll kick that old notebook to the curb quickly.Vs. a 2009 Macbook 5,1, it's light cutting 2lbs off the weight, adding a touchscreen (why on earth Macs still don't have a touch screen is beyond me!), rocket file launch and boot from the SSD, and a nicer form (not cold body). Kicks the Mac to the curb as well.For Win8, it's modern cellphone responsive when it comes to apps, store, etc, so it's everything the designers imagined a desktop OS turned touchscreen should be. Very happy with this, even from a wait one or two years before upgrading, SP1 or SP2 Win3.1 through Win7 power user. One of those systems where you start to pine away for the Yoga when you're not using it!