Below comments reflect my initial experience with this laptop, which worked fine for a while. However, in October, after about 2 months, the AC port (where you plug in the power adapter) broke. I sent it to Lenovo (they covered the shipping, but I had to pay $10 to the local FedEx place to package it) to fix under warranty. They sent me an email saying "Broken base cover on both side of the unit, alsoo DC port and USB port broken" and want $360 to fix it (about what I paid in the first place). I don't know why those pieces should be broken. We have taken the computer on two trips and put it in a computer case both times. I left the power adapter plugged in, so maybe it got pushed against the case, but the case is padded, and it must be pretty flimsy if being pushed in a padded case could break it. Even if I did something wrong, why should they want the price of the original computer to fix one power port? I won't buy from Lenovo again.We bought this to have a computer for taking on vacations, mainly to connect with Internet and check Email. We wanted a relatively large (for a laptop) screen, which this offers, but after the monitors on our desktops at home with 1920 X 1080 resolution, it gets old dealing with the amount of vertical scrolling we need to see the same pages on the laptop.The computer worked fine out of the box. We have Windows 8 on one of our home computers, so are used to it. I won't defend or attack it here, it's not the poor laptop's fault.As some people noted, the touch pad seems very sensitive, windows keep popping up and actions occur which are not intended as we move our finger near the pad. I don't like touch pads anyhow, and solved the problem by buying a USB trackball that works fine. After a few days the laptop's display started suddenly dimming slightly for no apparent reason. A Google search revealed that by turning off something called ambient light awareness, the problem stopped.We just got back from a four day vacation when this was our connection to the Internet, and it met our needs and expectations. The wireless connection had no problem finding our cabin's wireless (we also have wireless at home, which the computer found immediately). A lot of the time we were within reach of an electric outlet and could run via the AC adapter. When we needed to move and unplug the power, the battery took over no problem. We had the display brightness cranked up to the max, and it told us we had four hours of life when we first disconnected. Don't know if that is reasonable, but we never used the battery more than an hour and a half at a time.We don't watch whole movies, but it handled videos acceptably. The speakers are pretty low end, but quite intelligible.Assuming we don't run into failures in the future, this laptop is a good deal at the price (we paid $379, including tax, plus $24 for the trackball), for a secondary computer. I wouldn't choose it for my primary computer, though maybe it would be fine for kids.