I want to preface this review by stating that I have been a loyal HP customer for years, and have owned a series of their printers and laptops that were sturdy, dependable and user-friendly.  I've also been a loyal Microsoft customer both at home and in an office setting.  I've taught computer skills as a corporate trainer and as a library volunteer.  New operating systems and computer programs don't scare me at all.  What does scare me are random inescapable screens dropping down on me in the middle of a project deadline.  What makes my fellow geeks think I want a full-page announcement strobing in my face to tell me I'm not online with Xbox music when I'm balancing my business's books in Excel.  I have never been so annoyed by an OS as I am by Windows 8--and I say that as someone who first used a computer that operated on punchcards, and who once owned a Commodore 64.  Bill Gates, as your next charitable act, would you be so kind as to drive a stake into the heart of this monstrosity?As to the laptop itself, it would be fine if only HP hadn't decided to construct the disk drive tray out of the same material used to make plastic forks for the Dollar Store.  It's brittle.  It's flimsy.  It just hangs there on the underside of the laptop waiting for something bad to happen.  To add to the user's sense of peril, the button to open the drive is stiff and unresponsive, and can only be opened with the extremely careful application of a stylus.This madness began when my sister very generously gave me the 15.6" HP Pavilion.  Within 15 minutes, I'd noted all of the above concerns, but foolishly asked myself, "How bad can it be?"  I got my answer 4 days later when I pushed the button to eject a disk and it promptly fell into the computer, never to be seen again.  Sure that it had to be a fluke, I decided to upgrade to the 17.3" model.  Needless to say, I was equally unimpressed but, once more, hoped for the best.  As befits a higher-priced model, the 17.3" held up to 9 whole days of gentle, intermittent use.  On day 9, I carefully pushed the button to insert a disc.  The drawer slid out slowly, dropping several pieces of Dollar Store plastic in its path.  That was the last sliding it ever did, and it's on its way back to Amazon with its assortment of small broken pieces and its drawer stuck half in and half out.Amazon has been great through all this, they really have, but the fact remains that I'm trying to run a home-based business with no computer to handle shipping records, mailing, bookkeeping and design work.  My business is based on creating products that will last a lifetime and will give my customers real enjoyment.  My #1 goal is make my customers happy.  I wouldn't feel right if I ran things any other way.  If I can do that, with my $0 budget, it's too bad the big guys at HP and Microsoft can't do the same.