I ordered this laptop from an Amazon Marketplace Seller and it arrived very quickly, in about 4 days.  I had also ordered a Crucial 120 GB mSata SSD drive on the same day.  Unfortunately, the mSata drive took 10 days to arrive so when I received this laptop, all I did was just turn it on and made sure it worked.Once the mSata SSD drive arrived, it was time to reformat the laptop and do a fresh install of Windows 8 on the mSata SSD drive.  Since this laptop didn't have a SSD drive, the most economical option for performance boost is to buy a mSata SSD drive and use it as the boot drive for the operating system.  Then use the Sata drive that came with the laptop for data storage, which in this case is a nice 750 GB capacity.Installing the mSata drive was quite easy.  I turned the laptop over, unscrewed the 20 screws, and removed the bottom panel to expose the full motherboard.  Then I just seated the mSata SSD drive into the mSata slot and screwed it onto the board.  After that, I removed the 750 GB Sata HDD drive and just set it to the side.  I went into the BIOS to make sure the laptop saw the mSata drive, which it did.  Then I proceeded to install a fresh Windows 8 ISO onto the mSata drive by booting up the laptop through my USB stick and running the installation.  After that, the laptop was running purely on a mSata drive with no Sata drive in it.  I then reformatted the Sata HDD drive and put it back into the laptop to be used for data storage.In inspecting the motherboard, there is one RAM slot that is upgradeable and contains a AData 2 GB stick of RAM.  The other RAM slot has RAM soldered onto the board.  I plan to upgrade the memory from the current 6GB to 12GB by replacing the 2GB stick with a 8GB stick.  Hopefully, there won't be any issues with running a 4GB RAM stick with a 8GB stick, i.e. RAM with mismatched sizes.Now onto the actual useability and performance:Pros:- The 1920x1080 HD IPS screen is beautiful.  Very vivid colors and very bright.- Nice "looking" back-lit keyboard with numeric keypad.  More on the keyboard later- Performance is fast and rock solid.  The speed may be due to the SSD that I installed as I don't know how it performed out of the box.  Running PcMark 8 "home conventional test" which involves browsing and light gaming received a score of 2388 which didn't seem too impressive although this score was rated as 29% better than the average score for an ultrabook, which was 2179.- WIFI is actually very good.  Good range and no connection drops as reported by some people.  Maybe the Atheros WIFI driver got its issues fixed.- Temperature - stays cool.  Never felt any heat on the palm rests while using it for hours.- Battery life - I'm on the fence about this one.  Right now, I can get a max of about 4 hours and 45 mins with not too heavy of use - surfing the web and doing some Java coding.  It's still better than my Samsung Series 5 NP530U4C-A01US laptop which usually got around 3 hours 45 mins.  I was hoping this laptop would get 6-7 hours.  I'm hoping the battery life will improve after a couple of full discharges of the battery.  I had a Acer Timeline X a few years back and noticed that the battery got better after a few months use.- Pretty good speakers even though I find laptop speakers generally uselessCons:- Weight - this isn't a big drawback, it's just not super light for an "ultrabook".  It weighs around 4.8 lbs, which is ok for a 15.6" laptop.  It's also not super thin like the Samsung Series 9 books.- The keyboard is very average.  It just doesn't have a soft, precise feel that I like.  The travel is very shallow due to the "ultrabook" design.  Typing is pretty accurate once you get used to it.- The track pad is too sensitive.  I find myself highlighting and accidentally dragging things when moving the cursor around.  The off-center placement of the track pad is actually ok since it still aligns underneath the center keys of the keyboard.  I thought it would be a pain or something that I needed to get used to.- The right side fan can get loud at times when doing cpu intensive tasks such as video editing.  Normal use, it's ok.  I generally don't hear the fan while working because I listen to music with headphones.- No VGA out.  There's a proprietary Acer converter port that has different dongles such as VGA, LAN.  The laptop did not come with any dongles, so I couldn't use the VGA input on my home monitor.  I ended up having to buy an HDMI-to-DVI cable from Monoprice to use the monitor.All in all, I'd say this laptop has excellent value.  There is no other laptop that you can get with a I7 Haswell chip and 1920x1080 resolution for less than $1500.  This one only cost me around $725 and another $80 for the mSata SSD upgrade, which makes it a great buy in my opinion.