So I posted this on Lenovo's page after my experience with their on-site tech today. I'm going to just keep posting this everywhere I can find.Lenovo; For Those Who Don't:January 23rd I received the IdeaPad Y510p from Lenovo, and it ran like a dream for 13 days, then I go to take my dog outside and put my laptop in sleep mode and come back in and it won't turn back on. I called in and had the option to return/refund it or repair it. I went with repair in hopes of being able to keep my data and awaited the box that tech support said I would be receiving in 3-5 days...It's the motherboard that needs replaced; power light turns on but the fans, hard drive, keyboard lights, screen, and even USB power are unresponsive. A $1,649 paperweight.20 days later I call back, having been busy with two jobs in Advertising, furious. I found out that it was never sent out and that it was just kind of forgot about. So you kindly "escalated" the repair to an on-site request after you said it would take almost twenty days for a repair and I would still have to wait, that you thought I was sending it in a second time for a second repair, and that you said I couldn't refund it until I told you I talked to a Sales Manager and they said I could and you looked into my history and found I actually did talk to someone and I could due to the situation.Well that on-site guy THAT YOU SENT OUT came today and broke the laptop even more. He lost one screw when taking it apart, forgot to put two screws back in, broke the bottom latch/lock for the laptop, part of the frame (a little plastic clip on the inside but it looks warped now) and was banging the laptop, jabbing it with his plastic tool, and kept saying "I sure hope I don't broke it, don't wanna do that!" I took pictures and cringed the whole time. I about had a stroke watching this guy "try and not break" my laptop. AND IT'S STILL NOT FIXED. It's just been sitting on my desk since I got it.This is a work laptop.I not only make money on this laptop, I spend money on it monthly for my software.I make $18 an hour at the job I got this for, and it has cut back my time there drastically. I can't work there I can only work from home. I was averaging about 3-5 hours a day until the laptop broke. Now I get less because my home computer isn't meant for this work.The software is $20 a month that I can't use.My freelance pays $30-$60 an hour just for design fees.I've lost more money because of this laptop possibly than for what it's even worth.You better get back to me soon.You have my case number.You have my name, phone number, and email.If Lenovo is for "Those Who Do" then what you need to DO is start making up for what you DON'T DO.So do something right for once and call me.This laptop has not only cost me time and money, but now it's cost me my patience.