I have owned many laptops and netbooks. I started with the 15" models some years ago but found out they were too heavy to take on my commute to work. So I went to the netbooks and after different models I found out they were too small. My last netbook was a Acer 11.5" aspire. Great netbook but again after time the screen was too small to do excel sheets etc. Went to my local best buy store to check out the Lenovo yoga 13 but found the screen flimsy. Read the reviews on the twist and when Staples came out with a $699 model I jumped on it. I have had mine for a week now and here are my points:PROS:1. Great build (thin and sturdy)2. Best keyboard available3. Love the stick mouse (I disabled the mouse pad)4. Windows 8 is very stable (love it)5. Touch Screen works very well.6. Battery has improved (see updates)CONS:1. None for me!I do really enjoy having the larger screen (12.5") compared to my old netbook. Windows 8 is like having two operating systems. (a touch screen system and a windows keyboard system (like windows 7). Just press the winkey +D and you are into windows 7. Use Classic shell for your start button and  you can copy all the items you used when you did have a start button to the bottom task bar or the classic shell start menu (see updates) Then press the winkey and you are at the start screen and with your mouse you can set the icons you wish to use.  Still learning windows 8 but so far I find it very very stable. So far I have found no issues with windows 8.UPDATE 2-14-2013I wanted to share this in case someone else has the same problem. Used the lenovo thinkpad on my way to work on the train and while watchinig movies or playing music, I noticed the screen was freezing, audio glitching. Very annoying! I called Lenovo support and they showed me that the laptop has active hard drive protection. And basically if it detects movement it will shut the hard drive down and then allow it to operate again if the vibration goes away. This is an easy adjustment (go to setting and in search type active protection" Works great now! it was set to high so it picked up all the movement on the train!UPDATE: 2-21-2013OMG, this computer grows on you! Windows 8 is stable, fun and fantastic. The wireless adapter is the best I have had on a laptop top. The battery is 3-4 hours but I found this was not a problem for me. Best laptop I have had to date and believe me I have had many! I changed my starts from 4 to 5!UPDATE 3-25-13Found that when my headphones were plugged in the sound still came out of the speakers!? Here is the fix:, go to control panel, then click on Realtek HD audo manager, click on the top right advance settings and select muli stream mode. Now the sound will switch from speakers to the headphones. Also really missed the start button while on desktop. I installed classic shell. It is a free program and is fantastic. It gives you the start button with plenty of settings!!!! I now have classic shell set so if I press the winkey it will automatically switch between the desktop and the windows 8 start screen. Very cool!UPDATE 4-2-13Found that the wireless adapter connects faster to my wifi if I remove the bluetooth icon from my startup folder and drag it into my classic shell icons for easy starting when needed. Now my wireless wi-fi connects instantly. Also found the intergrated camera wasn't working,(showed grey screen with a circle and a line through it) I had to google the fix, clicked into lenovo setting and went to camera and found it set on private mode!? Put it to normal and it works fine! Also went on a skiing trip to Canada BC. Its a 5+ hour plane ride and the screen on my seat was dead so I used the Lenovo thinkpad and it lasted the entire trip (watching videos and playing windows games with my granddaughter) I was so impressed I removed the battery life from my cons list! Will keep updating....