I really like this computer so far! I'm not a computer expert or anything, but here were my overall impressions:Pros:Hard Drive (1 TB): Plenty of storage space and doesn't take too long to load or boot either! I've heard some people replace theirs with a SSD to speed things up, but I don't feel the need to as this this runs pretty quick and smooth already.Processor (AMD A10 5757) great for gaming. Some people prefer the higher end i7s which is cool, but from what I've seen, this is a great processor especially for the price.Graphics (Radeon HD 8750M) Having 2gb of dedicated graphics memory is awesome. The graphics and frame rates are great for gaming. You can find a bunch of benchmark tests online, and I haven't tested for them myself, but every game I've tried so far has been extremely smooth on high settings. That includes Skyrim, Half Life 2, Mass Effect 2 & 3, The Stanley Parable, and Fallout 3. Granted, some of these are slightly older games, and I haven't seen how games like Battlefield 3 & 4 will perform yet. But so far, this thing has been super solid for gaming.Keyboard: I'm actually a big fan of the keyboard. It feels very accurate and has a number pad as well.Size, Weight, and Appearance: This thing is so thin and light! It's metallic finish also looks really cool.Battery: The battery life seems pretty average. It's hard for me to give a time estimate as it depends on what you're using it for. Netflix and games seem to run out the battery considerably fast which is to be expected. But overall, you can get around 3 hours of battery with heavy use and more with lighter use. Also, there's a power saver option that's easy to turn on.Screen: I actually like the screen. It's pretty crisp, however it isn't full HD.Windows 8: This may be an unpopular opinion, but I really like Windows 8. I've heard that people have issues with it slowing down their computer, but with the processor and GPU on this thing, it doesn't seem to be an problem. It's very sleek and so far, works great especially with a computer as fast as this one.Multitasking: I've had multiple large downloads going at once while watching netflix and running a bunch of other programs on this thing just to see how it would fair. Didn't slow it down even a little. Download speeds were slowed, but not by much. Ex. about 2.5 mb/s on both Steam and Origin at the same time while browsing the web.Cons (not many):Track pad: It kind of sucks because the right and left mouse buttons are a part of the pad itself which makes it hard to click on anything without moving the mouse. It's not really that bad and gets better the more you get used to it, but it's easily remedied with an optical mouse. (highly recommend for gaming)No CD/DVD drive!!!: This might be hard on some people, but I find I rarely end up needing to use a disk drive anyway. I ended up buying a $25 LG super portable USB CD/DVD burner drive that works very well when I need it and so the lack of a built in drive is a non-issue for me.The screen: I'm not sure where to put the screen on this list. Yeah it's not full HD, but for a 720p screen, it looks good, and I find myself not caring too much.Overheating: Both the power supply and the laptop can run a little hot when you're running a lot of things. It's not a huge concern, and also something to be expected I guess, but it's something to keep an eye on....Overall, I highly recommend this laptop. Do your research, but you'll probably come back to this one for the price range.