Nowadays almost every CPU on the market has plenty of power, memory is fast, disks are fast, and nice touch screens are plenty. All the more critical is the task of integrating all of the components into a usable machine. Here it is that Sony falls short. If you take all these high quality components, but put them together in an unrefined case with poorly designed and built input devices, the end result is disappointing. The issues I'm having with this notebook all come down to usability. I'll break it down by build issues and design issues.Build issues:Top row of back-lit keys lighting is misaligned with keys. Those are bright white LED's intended to be hidden beneath the keys. On my unit the lights shine right underneath, which irritates the eyes. There is no brightness setting available. However, it is possible to have the lights come on only when keys are pressed. Still, it was irritating on the eyes which is unfortunate when a back-lighted keyboard is one of the reasons for purchase.Space bar is a flimsy piece of plastic which flexes easily. This caused frequent missed keystrokes in typing. This would be unacceptable in any notebook regardless the price.The clickpad rattles when tapped, and the surface is slightly askew. Also very erratic in response to touch, but a driver update improved the erratic behavior.The plastic body in general comes across as unrefined and when lifted at the corners, it flexes more than would be expected in a notebook of this class.Design issues:Half size arrow keys, while earlier models had full size and better placement. There's plenty of room for full size arrow keys.Activity (power, HDD, battery) indicator lights on front edge are out of sight. One must lift the notebook to see those, again unlike earlier models.Lack of 'fn' keys and indicator lights, e.g. no keys for Wi-fi on/off, keyboard backlight on/off, Bluetooth on/off, no Wi-fi indicator light;Placement of all USB connectors at sides near front is unpractical as devices/cords get in the way. Missing is at least one USB connector at the rear near power connector.The included (US) charger with two prong cord cannot be used with European power cords, requires purchase of additional 3 prong charger for Europe. Most other notebooks I purchased came with 3 prong chargers.The FHD touch screen has nice colors, touch works fine, but the viewing angle is narrow and the screen suffers from color distortions when not viewing from a 90 degree angle.The Exmor web cam produces a grainy, discolored picture when ambient light is less then full daylight.The hard disk head is parking anytime the laptop is moved/tilted in upward/downward position, making a clicking noise. This happens frequently when holding the notebook in a tilted position, even when movement is very slow (this is a feature meant to protect the disk in case of a fall, but it seems way too sensitive).Battery capacity of 2670 Mah is undersized for this notebook.All the usability issues together make a poor user experience with this notebook, despite good sound, good display colors and good CPU/memory/disk performance. It is just badly designed and built. From what I've seen older models at least were better designed. This could have been a great notebook if design and build quality had been up to par.