Hi thereBefore I start my review, let me tell you a bit of my background. I am a college student majoring in computer science. I am passionate about computers. My last laptop was an Asus UL30VT, which I loved. I am almost always on a computer. I play games, program, media, etc.In general, I like this macbook air. I bought this MBA a day after the 2011 macbook pros came out (I bought mine used for $950). I bought it in hopes that it will scratch my itch for a tablet, and it worked. I'm not going to do a full review of the major component of the MBA, as my review is months late, I will do a review of the little things that other reviews missed.Compared to the UL30VT:I'm pretty sure the UL30VT is about the closest comparison PC laptop to the macbook air 13". They both have outstanding battery life, similar Low Voltage processors, no dvd drive, etc. I chose to buy this macbook air because it is slimmer, lighter, better design and trackpad, and I always wanted to try Mac OS. Trackpad is best in the world in my opinion. Keyboard is ok, but seems flimsy.PC vs Mac:Mac is obviously a lot more smoother. For example, when on Google, my UL30VT laptop was always very glitch when it came to 2-finger scrolling. Because the typing cursor was in the google search bar, i can never leave the top of the page using 2 finger scrolling, it would always jump back. Nothing like that on the Mac. Everything just seems smoother. HOWEVER, there are other softwares that run better on PC. For example, Python 2.7 (a programming software) often crashes on me on Mac (yes I downloaded the Mac version). A lot of older games (including my favorite Tribes 2), cannot run on the Mac. I have yet to run Windows on my macbook yet.Macbook Air Myths Busted:1) Macs DO crash (not macbook air specific). It's a bit different than windows. When a Mac program crashes, it is secluded to itself. For example, if my Python program crashes, it just stops responding (Mac will not give you a warning). However, every other program you opened still operates 100%. As of yet, only my OS did not crash completely.2) Macbook Air DOES get hot. A lot of reviews online said the macbook air is cool to the touch. that's only partially right. The air will get hot when you use the computer for extended hours, and when you watch videos (especially with flash). Right now, I have used the air for about 4 hours using web-surfing and instant messaging, and the top half of the computer where the keyboard is located is warm. Apple did a great job secluding the warmth to the upper half and the underside of the macbook, keeping the palm rests as cool as possible.Battery Life:Apple listed 7 hours of battery life. You can generally get 8-10 hours if you do light web browsing (especially with safari as it is built by apple). However, make sure you disable Flash. Simply go to preferences, and uncheck the box "Enable Web Plugins". There are also other apps that you can install to control Flash content. If you use it to view youtube, you will probably get around 3-4 hours.Design:MBA is obviously the sleekest looking laptop in the market. However, it does not feel light. Holding it with one hand standing up is tiring. But still, 10/10Instant on feature:The MBA does come on instantly, however, if you leave it sleeping for a long while, "instant on" takes a bit longer, like 3-4 seconds! UNACCEPTABLE. lol. but honestly, still works like a charm.What I don't like about the instant on feature is that I am used to my laptop turning off the screen when I close the screen, not going to sleep. It automatically disconnects from WIFI, and anything you're doing will be stopped, such as downloading or chatting. Furthermore, if you leave your MBA on for too long, it goes to sleep by itself, even if you are still downloading something. There is probably something in the system preferences you can change to avoid that, but I downloaded a Mac App that when turned on, the Mac system is not allowed to go to sleep.Sometimes, when the MBA either were left on for too long without closing the lid, or when it runs out of battery, it will not turn on even after charging the battery. Pressing keys and the power button will do nothing. The only fix I found was to hold the power button down for a while to shut the system down, and then power it back up.Overall:very pleased. 9.999/10. Missing backlit keyboard :). I do respond to questions so ask away.UPDATE:Yesterday, I used my MBA throughout the day, and left it on overnight to download large contents, and in the morning, it was acting up where youtube was very jumpy with no sounds. I had to restart my MBA to re-enable the sounds and video content to run smoothly.UPDATE:To prevent the MBA from sleeping when closing the lid, you have to download InsomniaX. No option for this in system preferences.