I want to preface this by saying that I owned a Macbook Pro a number of years ago. I was playing music professionally and touring around the country. The Pro was solid for 4 years straight without a single issue. However, I decided to quit music and return to academics, and upon doing so I had to sell everything in order to afford tuition, including my Macbook Pro.For the last three years I had been using a cheap, yet incredible for what it was netbook (Lenovo X100e ThinkPad), but mid-way through the Spring '13 semester it died on me. I had been wanting another Macbook for a long time, and I used this as an excuse to get one - I was very excited.I ended up purchasing a brand new Macbook Air 11" and for the first few months I was very happy with it - it was everything that I remembered being great about Macs, and more. However, two months ago I installed a new OS update via the App Store. The computer immediately crashed after the update was completed, and when I tried to restart it the computer booted to a flashing hard-drive with a question mark - it couldn't find the hard drive.I decided to just turn it off and let it sit for a while, and upon returning to it and turning it on the bootup went normally and it was working fine again. I figured it was just some weird glitch. Thirty minutes passed and all of a sudden the computer froze - only option was a hard reset. Again, the same problem - it was not able to find the hard drive.I scoured the forums and found that this is a fairly common issue. I did a full wipe of the HD and reinstalled the OS (twice) and the issue still remains. The computer freezes and crashes about 1 to 5 times a day. It randomly does this, and it randomly decides to work again.Now, the significant issue that I have had is that I'm a poor student who doesn't have hundreds of dollars sitting around waiting for me to be able to leisurely spend - I have enough trouble buying enough food every month and I literally live in the cheapest apartment I can find, with wonderful amenities such as cock roach infestations, drug addicts, etc.I called my local Apple Store and explained my situation - the computer was brand new and I had even purchased some kind of 1 year warranty when I purchased the computer (which was over $100) and I asked them what they could do. They were quite rude and told me that they wouldn't do anything until I paid them $300 for extended 3 year AppleCare. I only found this out later (via a more friendly call rep from the national Apple Store) that there was a student discount for the AppleCare.The local Apple Store rep certainly knew that I had purchased the Macbook at the student discounted price, yet he didn't even bother mentioning to me that there was a student discount available for the AppleCare - he evaded it all together and attempted to con me into paying the full price, which I refused to do anyways - the computer (at the time of calling them) was only 3-4 months old!I was infuriated, and this is when I called the national Apple Store hotline - I thought that perhaps I hadn't explained my situation properly, and I didn't want to deal with my local Apple Store again. This is when I found out about the student discount, and I have to be honest and say that the call rep was very friendly and wanted to help me; however, the situation was the same - he was requiring that I pay an additional $200, on top of everything I have already paid the company, before they would even consider looking at it.I find this downright appalling. I shouldn't have to pay $1300 for a brand new computer from a giant company, have the computer fail after the company releases a software update 3 months later, and then be conned into paying an additional $300 before they will even consider looking at it for me.Maybe my expectations were too high given the exceptionally high quality of my old Macbook Pro, but either way I find this situation to be quite absurd. This company should take care of its customers.I won't exaggerate and say that I will never buy an Apple product again, but I am definitely in the process of selling the Macbook - probably at a financial detriment - and giving my business to another company (probably Lenovo again).The Macbook Air actually seems like an overall great product - when it works. I suppose that if I forked over the $200 that all these problems would go away, and it would cover me for an additional two years. I do honestly think that $200 is reasonable for the amount of time of coverage. However, my experiences with their overly rude customer service and the principle of the matter is what upsets me most. This is why I have decided to extricate myself from the company at this time.Obviously this is just my experience, and I doubt that it is a common one as I'd imagine most people have the extra cash to spare ($300 is $25 shy of covering 1 month of rent for me, so it's a big deal - especially given the circumstances of it being a brand new computer). If you have the extra cash to spend, then I would recommend the computer, but a part of me (the biased and irrational part, perhaps) is giving this product a 1 star due to my experience and is suggesting that you seek out another company to deal with.