It appears Amazon has just started selling these this week.  I bought mine a couple of weeks ago when it appears that a big box retailer with the initials WM that rhymes with CART seemed to have the exclusive.  I am typing this on my Chromebook 14 (snow white color) using the free T-mobile 3G internet connection as I'm nowhere near a WIFI spot.  This is a great laptop for checking email, Facebook, listening to Pandora, and of course browsing the web.  If you are looking for a computer to do spreadsheets and video production, this is NOT your computer, but if you want something to sit on the kitchen counter and quickly surf the web, this is a good candidate.  Also a great idea for your parents or those who don't really want to spend ANY time updating or maintaining their computer.  You just turn this thing on and 5 seconds later it's on and working.  It updates itself and you don't have to worry about viruses etc since it's the Chrome operating system.  Here are my pro's and con's:Pro's:- Nice keyboard.  Some have criticized it but I find it has a nice "spring" to it and has comfortable spacing.- Battery life:  I charge mine every 2-3 days... my battery seems to last forever, but it's only 8 hours.  That's a lot longer than any other laptop I've owned.- Included GO GO internet (12 sessions) means you can surf the web for free when you fly an airline (like American) that features GOGO service.  Note this is 12 flights, not 12 all-day passes, so if you have two flights in one day you use 2 of your credits.  Extremely easy to use by the way, you just open the Chromebook on the plane and it guides you through the process.- 100 GB Google cloud drive storage, for storing documents photos etc in the Google cloud.  I haven't used this much since I use my other computers for word processing etc.- Google Apps:  Yes, you can use their free version of "Office" to build spreadsheets and word processing documents.  It's all cloud based and online.- SUPER FAST- I should have put this as the #1 pro...but literally it "boots up" in about 3 seconds... it has a solid state drive (no moving parts) and 4 GB of memory (unlike the non T-mobile version which just has 2 GB of memory) which makes this processor fly.  I have 11 tabs open right now.- Google connected: Once you input your gmail password, it syncs to your desktop and copies over the bookmarks etc.- EASY.  It's like an iPhone.  It just works.  There's no troubleshooting or figuring things out.  The out of the box experience is great - you just turn it on and you're on.Con's:-  THE SCREEN.  This is a big one but not a show stopper for me.  The Chromebook 11 has a GORGEOUS IPS screen with a 176 degree viewing angle.  I think originally this one was supposed to as well because some of the marketing materials indicate the 14 has an IPS screen.  It does not.  The viewing angle is pretty terrible if you're sitting to the side. You have to look at it dead on.  As I'm typing this I tilted to the left and at about the 10 o'clock position of my head you start to not be able to see the screen.  I called HP today and validated with them that the 14 does NOT have the IPS screen.  Having said that, this screen is fine for email web etc but if you are hoping to use it to watch Netflix with friends, forget it, you'd have to sit on each other's laps.  Depending on your friends that might not be such a good idea.- The weight.  I know, it's a cheap laptop, and it has lots of pro's, but it's about half pound heavier than I'd like it to be.  When I put it in my bag I really feel it.  It's not like one of those $1500 apple laptops (though it looks a little like one...) that's razor thin and air light.  But HELLO this is a fraction of the cost.- No keyboard backlight.  Not an issue for me but some might not like that you have to have the lights on to see  the keyboard at night.Chromebooks aren't for everyone, but if you're looking for an easy way to get on the web, this is a great option for you.  I really like mine a lot, despite the aforementioned display weakness.  I imagine they were trying to save $$ and hit a price-point when they chose not to put an IPS display in the 14... that's too bad.  But I still love my Chromebook.Hope this helps.Hope this helps!