This is our 3rd Chrome OS device. Last year we purchased 2 Samsung Chrome OS devices for our daughters. I was drawn in by the concept of an OS that you didn't have to update or worry about virus software and making sure everything was up to date. We also have a mac and a HP laptop running windows 7. So I'm well familiar with the different operating systems and there strengths and weaknesses. I particularly have issues with windows OS. My wife and daughter were always calling me at work with problems or programs asking for permission to update. I'm not an IT wizzard and know enough to be dangerous...lol Anyway I found it frustrating for all of us. I can say thanks to the Chrome OS ALL of those issues have gone away! No calls on having problems booting up, no phone calls on programs asking permission to update. No phone calls on system warnings about viruses and other stuff.I think a good way to approach the Chrome OS is looking at it as a tool. Windows OS is a tool that I use at work. I have applications that I need to do my job. My mac is another tool that I use for recording music in my basement studio and it works great for that.  Chrome OS is a tool for doing pretty much everything you'd do online. Email, banking, social media, Netflixs, Google also has been busy with the help of developers in creating offline apps if you need to do simple photos edits or listen to MP3's type a document. This is where my wife and kids do 100% of their stuff so Chrome is perfect for them. Chrome is perfect for me typing this review in Amazon and I use it exclusively for everything I do outside of my music stuff.Okay enough about Chrome OS and onto the Chromebook 14. Moving to a 14" screen is nice compared to the Samsung 11.6" screen. I found the screen to be clear and easy to view. In Chrome style it boots super fast, under 10 seconds and unlike windows even after a years usage it's still just as fast. Compared to my other daughters laptop that takes close to 2 minutes now to boot. My mac has a SSD and boots in about 20 seconds consistently. I love the Chromebooks size. It's small and lightweight at 4 pounds compared to the other windows HP laptop we own. The battery life is really good again compared to the HP laptop running windows. I'd say it's easily double the battery life. It's been an enjoyable experience so far.There are a couple things to be aware of before you invest in a the Chrome operating system. Be aware that you can not connect directly to a printer via a usb cable. This isn't an issue for us because we have a wifi printer connected to our home network and can access the printer via google cloud printing. Works great and I haven't had any issues with this setup. The other issue may be input devices. I personally like using a track ball instead of the touch pad. So this is a drawback currently to Chrome OS. I'm hoping as the Chrome OS gains margins that MFG's will start supporting the OS with some of these input devices. It's not a deal breaker for me just a minor inconvenience. Other then that I've been very please to date with the Chromebook 14.If any major issues come up I'll update my review. To date I've been please with this product. Fast and easy to use, no updates just boot it up and go. Can't ask for anything better then that. Oh, and you'll never see the blue screen of death like in other operating systems... :)