I'm writing this review OVER my old one.. on a very spotty wifi connection.You see, upon the release of Windows 8.1, (allegedly, according to others with the same issue), intel wifi drivers have horrible DNS default gateway name resolution (or something like that) and this results in MANY MANY completely DROPPED.. nay, *broken* connections.  It's a real deal breaker.  Gee, this amazing graphics card will play some great games!! Singleplayer.  Or LAN'ed over hard ethernet.  This isn't as much of a "lap" top after all.  Perhaps I should tote around an external USB wifi?Now I question whether this wifi issue wasn't simply exacerbated by 8.1, and was always there to begin with.  In fact my original review was already wary of wifi issues and I said (on factory Win8.0) that wifi was "slow to connect".  What's more annoying is it doesn't play well with other computers on a network.  Often (even "normally")when one connects after the Ideapad, there seem to be issues, killing the local machines connection, but sometimes even causing the ROUTER to grind to a halt.  This makes you a wifi terrorist which I'm sure anyone will realize is NOT cool.. given it's normally friends/family you're terrorizing, or potentially worse, those you're working with.Now it may be that I have one of those amazing government rootkits attacking my machine (check out Flame or "BadBIOS" if you wanna feel paranoid), which has been there presumably from day one, OR that for the second time, Lenovo is offering up a very tantalizing deal which makes you PUCKER 1 year later from the distinct lemon flavor. ****the previous Y series I owned completely imploded in simultaneous mouse, keyboard, and screen issues, which eventually killed the PSU.I got a warranty this time.  I just couldn't turn down the power/price of this machine.  But do I look forward to shipping off my primary piece of technology to lenovo so they can hem and haw over it and tell me everythings fine, or that the issue is with Intel drivers or Microsoft?  I'd probably rather buy windows 7 (yes an intentional and welcome downgrade) for $100 because this allegedly fixes some of the driver issues.  Worth a shot right?!?Buyer be VERY watchful of any wifi abnormalities and immediately make a ton of noise about it and send it back.  Perhaps I was  just an unlucky hopeful functional PC owner.  However, other than that, this is a mean piece of hardware for everything from digital music to graphics editing and beyond.  Keyboard is GOOD though not as good as the prior Y, speakers are GOOD, durability is FINE, battery life is GOOD, heat output at load is OK, overall power is EXCELLENT, and I often use the numberpad on the side.  Its a compelling feature set, so perhaps its still worth the TENTATIVE risk of wifi issues.To combat this problem, I have rolled back drivers as far as I could find.  This worked a BIT which took me from the complete-nonfunction bracket to generally dysfunctional.  Then, I have written an executable batch file to reset the wifi drivers (which I sometimes execute 5 times in a row) to resolve this problem every time it springs up.  Once it starts though, it's like a weed.  Here's the code:@echo onipconfig /releaseCMD /C netsh interface set interface "Wi-Fi" DISABLEDipconfig /flushdnstimeout /t 2netsh interface set interface "Wi-Fi" ENABLED... This often will eventually resolve the issue for at least ONE page load, which is nice.  Doing it manually would take 20 times longer.  Hope it helps anyone with a similar issueIf you want to game on this computer it's highly recommended you uninstall Lenovo's proprietary battery management software, which does an awful-at-best job anyway.  Otherwise you'll get horrible framerate drops.