2nd updatePlugable USB 3.0 Gigabit Ethernet Adapter - Perfect, a seldom 1/5 of a second buffering on video streaming.Virtual keyboard was kind of useless - right click on the virtual keyboard on the address bar to delete.Tip #2 for the curious - do a "Powerwash" and your Chromebook will be like new as it will erase everything, takes about 3-5 minutes...Google Pixel - haven't tried it but it is pointless to try a $1299 Chromebook.  I used $1300 to buy the Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro w/ Windows 8.1, i7, 8 GB RAM, & 256 GB SSD from Best Buy.The C720 resolves all the issues I had with the C710 & Samsung Chromebook 11.6".Plugable USB 2.0 ethernet adapter - works greatCable Matters USB 3.0 ethernet adapter - works good[*Not sure if USB 2.0 runs warms, USB 3.0 runs cool, Plugable is a better device, Cable Matters is a weaker device, Chromebook runs better on USB 2.0, or runs worst on USB 3.0.  I had favorable results with the Plugable USB 2.0 ethernet adapter.]HDMI to monitor - works great, letters & images are very sharpMouse - use any mouse brand except Microsoft brand.  Other mouse brands works good as you can change the speed, but the Microsoft mouse has a lot of lag and doesn't work well.  Google may hate Microsoft, but I like their mouse devices.C720 improvements over the C710Screen - clean & clear.  The C710 screens except for the last batch of C710 had very obvious vertical lines and the screen would fade on many occasions.Keyboard - sturdy and no flex as the top is one piece.Sound - excellent, very clear.SD card reader - It is on the right side for those with storage anxiety.Good but not greatHead phone outlet - too tight for my iPhone headphones, but it works.HDMI & USB 3.0 outlet - too close together and I could not properly plug in my Amazon HDMI cable & Cable Matters 3.0 USB hub, but the HDMI & USB plugs are pretty fat.Tips for this ChromebookWhen connected to a monitor, closing the laptop will make the laptop go into "Dock Mode".  Too bad Chromebook doesn't have a virtual keyboard.  To type, I had to open the laptop screen to type.  Dock Mode would be great for watching videos.Mouse cursor with a monitor connected - switch the cursor from laptop to monitor & vice versaIf the cursor is on the laptop, move the cursor to the top right edge of the laptop screen, move up, and the cursor will show up in the top left of the monitor.If the cursor is on the monitor, move the cursor to the top left of the monitor screen, move up, and the cursor will show up in the top right of the laptop screen.  I love this laptop for $249, upgrading to more RAM is not needed.  Video streaming on Crunchyroll is great, there is no buffer, stop & play is almost flawless, skipping to different time is very quick, the image is very sharp, and doesn't run hot.  With 4 GB of RAM, it is quick and doesn't need to upgrade.  Boot up is in-line with the Samsung Chromebook as it will boot up in less than 10 seconds and shuts down in 1 second.  You don't really need a big hard drive since everything will be saved to Google Drive.  If you thought about buying a cheap machine for web surfing, document & spreadsheet, you should compare all your options, Windows full version, Windows RT, iPad, Android, & Chromebook.  Just remember, Chromebook will never slow down as the Chrome OS is installed and updated constantly.  I just saw that the Microsoft Surface 2 w/ Windows RT will also have Outlook.  With Chromebook, you get free Google Docs, Sheets, Calculator, Calendar, Play Music and many more.  You can also add apps from the Google Web Store.