Not since the early 1990's have I considered using a different OS other than Windows.  But today is a new day and after many years of having my explorer freeze up or the constant update notification, I was ready for something else!  I've dabbed in Linux and apple but Linux felt unfinished and Macs are simply over priced for the extra benefit.  Here comes chrome OS at a price of $249 for a laptop that looks much more expensive and performs well.Here is the deal.  Chrome OS is not windows so do not expect it to work like windows or do what windows does.  Chrome is simply a web based OS that allows you to use Chrome store apps, which are essentially web apps.  Yes you can do this in windows and in fact you will be able to do everything this computer does in Windows, but windows has too much bloat.  You need more computer to run as smoothly in windows and again, the updates, the virus scans, malware, and so on is still prevalent in all windows.Most web apps are free which comes as a benefit of leaving windows behind.  Like android you will find that most webapps are free to use.  I'm not a person who can't afford to buy programs but why buy them when you can get them for free?  These web apps are cute, awesome, and some of them you would never have discovered if it wasn't for the chrome store, and that's the beautiful thing about chrome.  Chrome lets you venture out of the grip which is windows.. We are already locked in the business world to using windows, this allows you to at least personally free yourself from the Pc world.Why would you buy this over a tablet?  The tablet is an amazing device. I have a galaxy tab for myself and an ipad for my 2 year old daughter and without a doubt they are wonderful devices to consume information.  You can scroll through Pulse flawlessly, read the news easily, watch videos laying down in the comfort of your bed, and consume just about anything the web has in store for you.  The key word is CONSUME.  The tablet is great to consume but try writing something like this review, a blog post, create a spread sheet, edit a video, or you get the point.  This Chrome book and all Pc's in general are great to produce things and not just consume the web.  All in all you can produce things much easier on this device than other platforms in the same price point and with its lightweight design take it anywhere you need to take it.  After buying this laptop my galaxy tab sits by my nightstand as a reader because now I can produce and consume easily in this chromebook.Finally the cloud is the reason many say this chromebooks fails and the reason to purchase.  To use the cloud you have to be connected to the internet and this chromebook feels limp without the internet.  But wait a minute, I have tethering on my phone, wifi in my house, wifi at work, my business, and most places I eat also have free wifi.  The reality is I can have internet anywhere I want with my phone or super high speed just about anywhere else I find my self with free wifi all around us now days.  I would say that you really should have tethering on your phone to not feel constraint on this device.  When is the last time you were without your phone?  Now comes the best part of the cloud and chromebook.  Chrome OS almost forces you to use the cloud and this is not such a bad thing.  Too many times you will find you have double files, copies of thing here and there, and basically you get a new computer you lose some of that info, with the cloud all you will need is one copy and it will always be with you.  It's a permanent hard drive for all your devices.  No more emailing yourself spreadsheets or docs, you will simply turn on your computer and continue your work right where you left off.  No more losing those beautiful photos you took on your old phone, store them once in the cloud and those memories will be with you always.  Forcing you to use the cloud and get use to a new habit is not a bad thing once you see all the benefit and experience the ease of having one hard drive connecting all of your devices.  Thanks for reading and as a 20 year Windows user I'm excited about finding something that brings us back to the simplicity of productivity.