i like this computer, but i dont see it replacing my windows 7 machine. design, build quality, and price are nice. it does seem a tad heavy for its design but im a real man so its not a big deal to me. i like this chromebook 14, but i dont LOVE it.for me, i dont see it replacing my main windows machine because you can't install utorrent (to, um, download publicly shared science papers on global warming n stuff). and no vlc player. i love vlc! even windows media player, which is, well, mediocre at best, i still miss it. i miss having a separate program to play media files. chrome just plays stuff in a tab. i am not a fan. and what's up with no podcast chrome apps? to me, that's just not acceptable.the 2 most jarring things are probably the lack of caps lock key and there being no "right click" (the trackpad has just one big "click" button at its bottom). there are workaround solutions you can google for that generally get the job done. but they do take some getting used to.another thing is just getting used to the chrome OS, which is made to be fairly limiting. for the last 2 decades of my life ive just gone to control panel and eventually figured out whatever i was looking for. well on a brand new OS like chrome, its taken a lot of, well, googling, to figure out how to just do basic stuff. kind of a pain. but i dont whine about change, i just deal with it.ive thought about getting a chromebook for my mom, but like i said, it is limiting. case in point: 99.9% of the web is geared towards internet explorer, because it's the most popular browser on the planet. on my windows 7 machine, my favorite browser is firefox, but sometimes a web page doesnt quite look right or work right, and so i have to use ie to view it. well, it seems im having even more of those issues with the chrome browser- web pages that just dont quite work right. now, there is an "ie view" chrome extension which is fine, but i cant see my mom actually using that. she would just wonder why the page isnt working correctly. and for myself, going from having ie, firefox, and chrome all on the same machine, to having just chrome, it can kind of be a pain in the rear. ive found chrome to crash more often (which isnt all that often, really) than firefox or ie ever did. i got the "aw snap!" crash at least once a day. ie and firefox crash maybe once a week. is it because of the only 2 gb of memory? i have no idea. but with some websites just appearing funky in chrome and then on to the crashes (for me, chrome has always had an issue with flash), i am longing for the days of having 3 different browsers to play with. oh well.like i said, its a fine second computer. im literally going to use this sitting on my couch to surf and play things on my chromecast. and the battery life is excellent! i got like 8 hours on it last night. kudos to hp and google.