I bought this from Amazon Warehouse labeled as 'Used-Very Good' condition. When I received it, it was nearly in brand new condition. I couldn't even tell that it was previously used, and I'm a techy. the keyboard is very nice, it has specious keys and feels pretty durable. The mouse pad is also nice. Many people complain about mouse pads in a variety of lower end laptops saying that they randomly give out momentarily. The only problem I've had with this mouse-pad is that it's very close to the keyboard. I find myself constantly touching the mouse-pad while I'm typing.Everything I've thrown at it so far runs pretty smooth, and it is overall a pretty awesome laptop.For those 1 star ratings, mostly all of them are the buyers fault complained about something stupid that had nothing to do with the actual product. The screen is great from many viewing angles, the wifi works fine, the durability is fine, and everything runs fast.The only two things I'm going to complain about is the mouse-pad and the OS. The OS has nothing to do with the product, though, but moreso along the lines of the seller (Amazon Warehouse).While normal typists rests their hands on asdf jkl;, the bottom of the thumbs rest right over the corner of the mouse-pad, so I've noticed that I'm constantly tapping the mouse-pad and having to rewrite a few things, so it's not very convenient even though it works very well.If you ARE going to purchase this laptop from Amazon Warehouse (because they're selling it for roughly $270), your Windows 7 may not be installed genuinely. In other words, Windows will read the OS as a fraudulent Windows version and you won't be able to receive a few Windows benefits. There is an easy way to fix this, though.1) Go to utorrent.com and download utorrent.2) Go to: [...] to install a Windows 7 activator which will make your copy of Windows genuine.One last thing I'd like to point out is that my version of Windows did not come loaded down with Dells software. Many people were complaining about it. Also, if your wifi, usb, SD card reader, or any driver on your computer isn't working, the computer comes with a driver installation CD so you can re-install any drivers that aren't working.EDIT:2 WEEKS OF USE: Laptop remains flawless. Even though many people have complained about the durability of the laptop, it's really not as flimsy as people make it out to be. It's not made of steel, but it's still very durable. Everything is still running very well and very fast. Able to play mid-level games on medium detailed graphics without lag. I've had several word documents up with about 15 tabs in my browser open simultaneously and everything processed just as fast as if I was only running one tab or one document. To control the issue I was having with the keyboard, how the mouse-pad is right under it and it's very hard to avoid tapping it when you're typing, I downloaded some free software that prevents clicks from being made when you're typing. So far in two weeks it says I've had 322 clicks prevented, so it definitely helps. For $270 nearly brand new from Amazon Warehouse, this laptop can safely hold the title as the fastest laptop I've ever owned.