I got this laptop on a great deal...just $510 inc shipping. I've had it for a couple of weeks and have been very happy with it. I have not found any glaring negatives yet. I shall update this review on a later date - once I get to know my laptop better.SO FAR HERE IS WHAT I LIKE:1. Construction. It feels more like a high-end laptop than a budget laptop. Keep in mind that I have owned Sony Vaio's from the S and SZ series. It is slim, compact, simple and sexy. All in a 2.1kg package. Yes there are lighter laptops out there, with built-in dvd drive and a gpu. But none close to this price. The aluminum looks sharp and should enhance the aesthetic and practical life of the laptop. i.e. no plastic parts to crack or discolor.2. Operation. Its is quick and snappy. It is really silent and remains really cool. I don't know how they do it. I've only watched some full length films. No games or anything like that. And the laptop remained really quiet and cool. The HP DM3 I owned before, just on being on standby would turn real noisy and hot.3. WiFi. Well, I have hear of people having problems with the stock WiFi card that comes with this laptop. I haven't had any such problems.4. Keyboard. It is a delight to type in. Very nice mate finish. Nicely spaced. Very nice feedback.5. LCD. The LCD is 14". It is bright and really easy to use. No complaints there.6. Functionality. I really like the added features found in this laptop. They really add to its usability and are very practical like the battery life extender. A setting which ensures the battery is charged only to 80% capacity - so as to ensure maximum battery life - ie. holds a maximum amount of charge for the longest time possible.7. The touchpad. It is a joy to use. It is not in MacBook territory. But it is darn good. Multi-touch gestures work just fine. Some people complain about a lack of sensitivity. I have not found that. It did take me a few days to get used to the touchpad and find its sweet spots - but you quickly get a hang of it. And its quite good.I DISLIKE:1. Well, the black aluminum lid, whilst not as bad as them glossy back lids, can get quite easily smudges from handling. Quite unexpected, since I've had a couple other laptops with aluminum lids that did not have this problem. But this is minor. And is the only negative I have found so far.I HAVE NOT:1. Used it extensively on battery. So can't comment on battery life. On one occasion I was on WiFi and streaming video, whilst on battery power, at 60% I had over 2hrs left. So that is good. Still haven't tested it properly.2. I haven't played any games. So I can't really comment on the GPU performance.THINGS I WOULD'VE LIKED:1. I guess a backlit keyboard would've been a nice touch.All in all, so far, I highly recommend this laptop. And for the price - couldn't be happier with my purchase. BTW, in case you're wondering, my unit is a refurb. There seems to be some stigma regarding refurbs. As a matter of fact, 3 of my last 4 laptops have been refurbs. The only one that I had problems with, was the non/refurb one (a Sony Vaio SZ). The refurbs have never failed me, due to their own fault.