This machine looks great, is super light, boots up super fast, and functions well. The touch screen is great. But boy does it have some real boners in the design department. I haven't had the trackpad problems others have mentioned, but the keyboard is just awful. If you don't hit a key absolutely square, it will either produce no letter or two or three copies of the letter. It slows me way down, typingwise, and breaks my chain of thought when I'm writing. (Coming back to add that, during writing this review, I had to backspace to add missing letters or delete extra ones 14 times. These were not normal typos -- I didn't count those -- but due to the keyboard. Oops, add two more to the count, as I got "thhose" and "oopps" just now. Make it three more, for "ow" instead of now. You seee how it goes. Didn't bother correcting that last one or I'd never get out of here!)The other major problem is that the on/off button is on the side of the computer. When I try to adjust the placement of the computer on my lap or desk, often times I press the button accidentally. This isn't a huge problem, so long as the button is set to put the computer to sleep. But I do have to wait several seconds for it to complete the sleep process, then turn it back on, wait a few seconds while it boots, swipe up the screen, and enter my password. So five or ten times a day, I end up having to go through this 20-second process. It's not nearly as annoying as the keyboard problem, which happens constantly, but it is a drag. What's most annoying about these glitches is that they seem so massively avoidable to me. Don't up the on/off button on the side of a laptop. Some people use laptops, you know, *on their laps*, so they need to touch the sides frequently in order to adjust their position. So you don't put buttons there. I mean ... duh! And the keyboard thing ... I don't know. There's no excuse.I'm going to keep the machine, but I wouldn't recommend it to someone else unless you can get a very, very good deal on it.Edited to add: There's one more boner I forgot to mention. The designers thought (I guess) it'd be sexy if instead of just printing the character(s) on each key on the keyboard, they made character-shaped cut-outs on the keys and illuminated them from within. Sounds cool, right? The lamps go on about two seconds after you start typing, so it does function. But the lighted letters are pale aqua and the keys are silver, so unless the room is dark, you really can't distinguish the illuminated letters from the keys. This is not awful if you're a touch-typist, which I am. But I do need to look when I got for characters like & and + and | and so forth. So I end up peering and peering, trying to read the illuminated character labels. It's a needless annoyance.