First let me say this Mac was a gift. Second let me say not really.I hate it so much I wouldn't even give it to you if I hated you.First I wiped this device and installed a clean version. Then I updated. You know the low cost updates Apple puts out. Seriously I had to leave it running overnight on the update.It has been nothing but problems. Every update breaks something and not I am not kidding. Mostly they break their own tools or apps.I updated the software on a clean install, then update iTunes, cool yeah. Wrong.  iTunes needs quicktime version blah blah error starts popping up. Only that version is installed and I'm not using iTunes.Then I update the OS to the newest version only to see its killed Cisco VPN permanently. I don't mean the client I mean it removed the parameters in networking to allow connections. And it broke the web version of Cisco Anyconnect which you have to buy and its not cheap. My Apple support friends at Boeing have asked me how I fixed it. I look on websites forApple and they are dumber than crowbars so I happen to see a 64 bit mentioned and I decide to search for a Cisco 64 bit client and install it. Works again only I am running 32bit OSX nice. Then I try to update again to the best yet from Apple low and behold I'm told to buy it from the store. Only I have to have the newer version to download from the store. Apple intellect at its best.After a phone call and some money I have a cd on the way.  I install the next version, setup a printer, setup office, configure email, and install a couple other items nothing major though.Installed updates 1GB worth and bam the printer is dead. Of course on windows you can delete, or change/view the network settings, and reinstall in a minute. On a mac you need another 1.5 GB install. The cool thing is how you download the installer and it expands it and moves the files to various other locations. Sheer genius to take a download file, extract it to a .pkg file, then scatter files all over the hard drive so you cant possibly just go back to the download location to reinstall.  Now I suppose their is some script I could run but I can't even find the install using Apple guidelines from the OS. Not even using the help from from forums.Anyone that says a mac is easy is lying. Every update you run the prospect of losing hardware settings, programs you bought may no longer work, and you might even have a paper weight.The issues I have had are not hardware problems. I installed another harddrive, installed Windows XP and no issues, wiped it and installed windows 7 and both were faster and more stable.If all your going to do is browse the web and use iTunes you might be okay other than that they are junk. I have built a non standard Windows 2008 server on a Dell desktop and had to hack network card drivers and it runs fine, wiped a virus off a kids pc, did a complete reinstall of Vista without drivers on an older pc and spent less time than on this mac. I have had it two months and its been used about 12 times,  I have ins talled windows XP\windows 3.1\95\95\windows 7 and updated thousands of times and even the worst pc I have had, has never given me this much grief. This is the reason MS sold 60 million copies of XP, over 60 million copies of Windows 7 and Apple has sold 3 million mountain lion operating systems. And Apple charges $15 and Windows charges between $100-$300 per copy.If you buy a new computer every 3-6 months Apple is for you. The first couple updates will render it a paper weight and then you can get a new one and they will give you an $8 trade in credit too! As for the folks at the store helping you I would say yes they will if you forgot how to plug it in. If it involves tech support you better hope you have some good diagnostic skills. I usedto think I did before I got this mac.I got this laptop for troubleshooting and to become familiar so I could assist others. It has taken more research than my degree and let me tell you it certainly has help me learn how to troubleshoot macs.Now I know why few vendors make software for macs. It's not because Mac doesn't license them its because of poor/incomplete development at Apple.