Human nature being what it is, there must be lots of people out there like me:  I resist change.  Therefore, the night before I was to receive this laptop in the mail, I lay awake for a few hours worrying about how hard it would be to let go of the comfort of my old laptop.  Obviously, I had already made the decision to upgrade, but I worried nonetheless.  Would I like the touchscreen?  Would my older eyes be able to deal with the smaller screen?  Will the Norton security software (already installed) work with my internet connectivity problems at my home location?  What about Windows 8?  And, until I opened up the box and took a look at this beautiful piece of equipment, I continued to baulk.  Obviously, from what I've already admitted and questioned, you can tell I'm not a computer wiz.  I'm not afraid of computers and things electronic, but you could say I'm not totally aware of the most current electronic technology available and how to use it.  So, if you are like me, keep on reading--I'll try to convince you that this is the laptop to buy.  If you are looking for a review with a lot of technical commentary, you might want to save yourself some time and pass this one by.Bottom line is this:  I'm very glad I upgraded to this laptop.  All of my fears have faded away.  The more I use it, the more I love it, love it, love it.  Can you see me hopping up and down in excitement, with a big grin on my face?The touchscreen on this baby is so helpful and very easy to use.  It is user-friendly and your common-sense responses will aid you.  I can fly to the bottom of a page in a blink of an eye.  I can move things around, and twist them.  Immediately, I can enlarge the screen to see small type or a tiny item in a picture.  The touchscreen is responsive and accurate.  If can be used in conjunction with a mouse (And that is what I'm doing now, until I gain more confidence and experience.).The size of the screen is not an issue because the touchscreen has the zoom feature. Because of the zoom feature, this screen size actually works better than a larger screen.Besides the touchscreen, I also find the backlit keyboard to be immensely helpful.  How did I ever do without it?  If I only consider the touchscreen and back-lighted keyboard:  I will never go back to my old laptop again, except to transfer files.The sharpness and brightness of the screen is amazing.  The control panel allows for even more adjusting if necessary.  The clarity and the contrast seems to allow my eyes to focus on even smaller size type that on my old laptop.The sound is rich and full; almost as good as what is produced by a pair of Bose speakers.  Great for listening to music.  Be aware that the speakers are on the sloped underside of the laptop, which means that it should be kept on a flat surface.  It is not recommended that you use it on a bed or cushion or on you lap.  If you must use it on a soft surface you should probably get yourself a riser.A few words on the Intel i5 processor:  What is the difference between i5 and i7?  From what I've researched online, a "normal" user will very seldom, if ever, need to tap into the extra power the i7 provides.  So far, I've not noticed any difference between the speed of the i5 and the i7.  If you do a lot of sophisticated, detailed work with a lot of data, or use an intricate or elaborate software program, or if you just want to buy the best there is, you might go the extra $200 or so for the i7.  (For instance, if I wanted to install a Primavera software product on a laptop, I would choose the i7.  Engineers and Designers might also consider the i7 if they have thoughts about taking work home.)  The i7 also allows you to connect your personal computer to your work or school network, and it runs Windows Pro (which is a $80 upgrade at this time). Otherwise this i5 model should be way more than adequate.The graphics card is also top-of-the-line.Last, but definitely not least, the Platinum Service and Support is TLC for a person like me--someone not quite up to speed on the latest technology.  I can get quick, expert help whenever I need it.  It kind of feels like having an AMEX black card...One extra FYI:  If you don't want to, or can't, part with your CDs and DVDs, you will need to purchase an external drive.Like I said before:  The more I use this laptop, the more I love it.  Even in a relatively short period of time, I already feel that it is part of me.  Who could ask for more?  I can't.