I bought this computer because it fit my price range, had the new (at the time) i5 processor, windows 7, it looked nice, and the screen size and keyboard were what I was looking for. It is nice to type on, I can type on this computer better than any other computer I own, but the keys are slick and grime up very easily. Same goes for the slick feel of the entire computer. You can clean it off but your hands always leave it marked up and slimy feeling. The touchpad looks nice but I often find myself having to click the lock/unlock button on it to get it to respond properly (occasionally glitches on me).All of those problems are tolerable, they aren't pleasing but I can live with them considering I have never had one issue with how the computer actually performs. In fact, it boots up fast, can run games (a friend of mine put Diablo II on here because his computer couldn't run it), nice screen resolution, picks up wifi better than most laptops I've used, and Windows 7 is a great software (hardware?).What I absolutely hate about this computer are four things: the weight, the horrible battery life, the heat-sensitive volume sensor above the keyboard, and the heat that it puts out. I'll start with the heat issue. This computer will make you sweat in a 65 degree room. I watched a movie on netflix with this computer and put it on my 1.5" thick wooden coffee table; you could feel the heat from the computer THROUGH THE TABLE. I took my sock off and touched my foot under the table and the heat was there under the table. That's how hot this thing is. The battery claims 4.5hr life, but if I charge it fully and then unplug it, the battery dies within an hour of full use (writing a paper, for example). This Thanksgiving I charged the computer fully, it was off and closed, and then I unplugged it and took it on my flight back to Utah (from Seattle). When I got to the airport, without turning on my computer, it was dead. Flat out dead. No use. Complete crap of a battery. As for weight, it says that it is between five and six pounds. Maybe, but if feels more like 10. And last but not least, the volume control must be some very old touch/heat-sensitive technology because there is nothing "sensitive" about it. I have had countless instances where I have tried to turn a video or song up just a tiny bit, and the volume control doesn't read it, so I keep trying and eventually the volume just maxes out. This happens well after I finished touching the controls. I don't understand, but it sucks.Overall, the flaws above aren't enough to keep me from re-buying this computer, but they are enough to irritate the crap out of me. I would recommend this to other people simply because I think these issues might just be isolated to me. Aside from the flaws, this computer has been a workhorse for me and I'm extremely happy about its production. If you can get by the problems with it, go buy one.