I've been using the Macintosh on and off for about 20 years but left for over 10 years to be a devoted Windows user.  Recent issues with Vista and increasing problems with run-time bloat, incredibly long startup times, malware, and endless updates with their associated mandatory and automatic reboots began to get me thinking about checking out the Mac again.  Particularly with my iPod and iPhone showing me how superior Apple products could be compared to the competition.So I bit the bullet and purchased my first Macintosh laptop, the new MacBook with glossy screen, dual core Intel processor, and a gig of RAM.  For the most part, the laptop has been a pure joy to use, is built with amazing solidity, and does what it's advertised to do.  However, since I use computers of all kinds all day, I have racked up a number of pros and cons for this mostly stellar new laptop product as I've used this MacBook (in gorgeous matte executive black) the last three weeks on a daily basis.PROS:- Amazingly fast boot time, about 20-30 seconds in my tests. Wayyy better than Windows.- Extremely solid construction and feel.- Elegant and compact power cord setup with the famous magnetic detach system to prevent annoying and damaging cord yanks.- Comes with lots of software and apps that really work.- Roomy storage and good overall performance.- Does not run too hot, even when performance settings are turned up.- Supports Bluetooth 2.0 and a lot of the newer, sexier Bluetooth profiles including A2DP and stereo headsets.- Big, bright, clear screen.- The built-in camera takes decent video and it works well with Skype.- With Parallels, runs Windows Vista Ultimate flawlessly so far, even with old apps, simultaneously with the Mac OS.- The feel of the latest Mac desktop seems brawny yet nimble with lots of seductive graphics, morphing windows, flip screens and more.  Makes it a joy visually.- Battery life is acceptable, not finding myself wanting a lot more juice frequently (though occasionally I do.)- Microsoft's Remote Desktop Connection works surprisingly well to control and use Windows PC's remotely, a genuine pleasure since I usually work with 2-4 computers at a time, and I can just Alt-Tab between them from the MacBook.CONS:- User interaction often seems weirdly sluggish with a brief, unexplained pause when many common actions are initiated in applications.  Not significantly off putting, but strange for a system with two powerful CPU cores.- WiFi seems slow and inconsistent.  Not a lot of dropped connections, but slower for sure than my PC laptops.- Bluetooth stereo support is crude, with no automatic switching between internal and wireless speakers/mics.- The leading Mac apps (iLife, iWork, Mac Office) just aren't as stable as their Windows counterparts.  Not a lot less stable, but definitely noticeable and sometimes frustrating.- The trackpad and associated button feels heavy and ponderous and is tedious to use for long periods.  Definitely invest in the wireless Mac mouse for serious work, it works well.- Irritating sharp beveled edge on front of the case where your wrists rest.  All edges on the MacBook are smooth except for the one which you rest your wrists.  Careful placement and angling of MacBook can help, but seems inexplicable in terms of good design.- Screen has slightly uneven lighting, not enough to bother but Sony laptops run rings around the MacBook in terms of mind-blowing clarity and lighting consistency.- No extended battery available from Apple (that I know of), not good for serious business users.- No built-in WWAN support, had to buy something from Verizon that hangs off the side, another knock on business use of this product.- 1 GB RAM is not enough for serious daily use, I had to upgrade to 2GB to get things to work right, particularly with Parallels.For lighter family use, the current MacBook is more than ready for almost any computing task.  For serious business use, the MacBook is just barely there and requires some additional investment (mouse, WWAN, extra battery, Parallels) but that's true of many Windows laptops as well.One star is subtracted from a perfect score for the strange design shortfalls (average Bluetooth support, sharp edge on the front of the case, so-so trackpad, less than great app stability, less than zippy response of apps.)I would recommend this product to almost anyone however, the Macintosh has re-arrived on the personal computing scene for sure.  I hope you enjoy it!