This is a decent laptop for $430. Good specs but there are a few flaws that I did not see others point out. The first thing I did was do a clean install of Windows 7. I then installed a few essential programs (i.e. browser, antivirus, etc), at this point the system was quite bare, yet I still experienced hiccups in performance here and there. For a machine with 4GB of ram (and hardly any programs installed) I did not expect the machine to lag when doing simple tasks such as opening two internet browsers. Needless to say, this was disappointing so now I'm considering upgrading the ram sticks.Many people mentioned this but in case you're wondering, yes the plastic case does feel cheap. In fact I heard a small crack when I flipped the laptop upside down to copy the windows key. I was not using force or anything, I am actually quite careful when handling electronics. The good news is nothing seemed to have broke.Note that you won't be able to tell if your laptop is finished charging once you power the machine off. Why? You ask? Because ASUS failed to make the battery light blink while charging. This might not be a big deal for some of you but I would like to know when my battery is finished charging. As some of you may know, constantly overcharging a laptop battery is a great way to kill it. Anyway the battery light stays completely solid when the AC adapter is plugged in, so you'll have to keep tabs on the battery yourself. I'm still amazed how ASUS left out that feature. Even my 11 year old laptop has a blinking charge light, not this one though.Other than that the laptop has been pretty good. Resting on a heatshift pad I have not seen it go over 47C. The intake vents are placed on a curve between the bottom casing and the palm rest so they are never blocked, this is an A+ in my book. Speaking of the palm rest it doesn't warm up until ~43C, which is good enough for me.I love that there is a USB 3.0 port. I purchased a USB 3.0 flash drive when I bought my desktop but didn't use it much because the 3.0 ports were in the back. It was too much of a hassle to reach over to the rear ports each time. I'm glad I can finally take advantage of the speed now!The right and left click buttons are very responsive and do not require much force unlike some laptops. The keyboard is awesome, it feels very solid and soft to the touch, if the 10 keys weren't so squished it would have been perfect. My issue is that the arrow keys and number keys feel a little awkward with no spacing between them. I've gotten the keys mixed up a few times because they are right next to each other. Regardless, the keyboard and buttons feel great.Bottom line: if you're okay with a laptop that has cheap plastic case and quality specs then this laptop is for you.