Sony VAIO Pro SVP1321ACXB 13-Inch Core i5Been using now for two weeks and after playing with some things, I am quite happy with this machine.  Light, thin, fast, nice to use, does everything I was looking for.  This is my office / personal computer, lots of Office, browsing, very little gaming. Windows 8.1 and Office 2013 (came from Windows 7 and Office 2010) have taken some getting used to but I've become a big fan.Pros:1) Light, thin but feels very sturdy.2) 3 second boot: Wow, life changing coming from a 3 year old net book that sometimes took 1 minute3) Battery life.  Yesterday I went all day at the office on battery, about 9 hours.  Used the machine probably 5.5 hours of that, rest of time it was sleeping.4) I only have the 4GB RAM model, but it is more than enough so far.  Outlook, 5 big Excel sheets, 2 PDF's, 8 tabs on Chrome, Pandora, embedded videos... no problem, ran seamlessly5) Keyboard layout seems just right for a small machine.  It does have a little flex that you have to get used to, but once you have the right sense for how hard to hit keys, I feel very comfortable typing.6) Touchscreen / Windows 8.1 integration.  Took a week or so, but I don't think I would want to go back to a machine without it.  My sense is this feeling will get stronger with use, and getting comfortable with Keyboard / Touchpad / Touchscreen, when to use each.Cons:1) Needed lots of updating.  I suppose this is just how life is, and I only do this once every 2 years or so, but this seemed little more than normal.  Took about 5 days of update, re update, update not working, re download, etc.... to get everything right.  But after this all is well and stable.2) WiFi:  Intel Dual Band Wireless-N 7260:  Out of the box, the WiFi signal was intermittent, would drop more than once an hour.  This was in my office with hundreds of users connected, and in hotel.  At home, it dropped less often but dropped.  I spent probably 15 hours searching on line for solution, was about to buy a USB wireless or was even considering returning, but FOUND A SOLUTION.  In Device Manager / Network Adapters / Intel Dual Band, right click for Properties.  Under Power Management, unselect the button "Allow the computer to turn off this device..."  Wireless has been no issue since I did this.  It haven't seen any change in battery life.Others have had issues with speed.  I just ran a test off my home wireless (Comcast), nothing fancy, 68Mbs Down and 12Mbs Up.  That's more than enough for me.3) Screen angle:  As someone else mentioned, if you are tall and sitting at a desk, the screen doesn't go back far enough so you are looking straight on. I could personally use another 5- 10 degrees.  This is minor.4) Touchpad is a little quirky, does some strange things (well, I do some strange things on it) sometimes.  After 2 weeks I am used to how it works and happy.  It has kind of a matte finish which feels odd at first but now I like.5) Sharp corners.  This is a minor annoyance, but the lower corners are sharp, you have to avoid them.Others have said the speakers aren't great: I have no expectations of high quality so not important.  Also, I see no issue with the fan noise.  Its much quieter than than 3 year old HP net book it replaced or my wife's 18 inch HP laptop.  Fan doesn't come on very often and to me its very quiet.It took some work to get it set up and running, and I'd like to deduct 1/2 a star for the inconvenience.  But once I did all that, after 2 weeks of use its a 5 star machine.  I am very happy I got it.  Its just what I was looking for: a light, versatile, fast laptop with a touchscreen that would bring me into the Windows 8 world for a reasonable price (<$1,500).One other note on Windows 8.1 and Office 2013.  The machine came with 8.0.  I installed Office Professional Plus 2013 the first day and it worked fine.  I then upgraded to Windows 8.1, and Excel wouldn't work.  After 5 hours researching and 1 hour on the phone with Microsoft support, found that I had to delete a file: C/programs/ Microsoft office 15/root/office 15/osf.dll.  Excel won't run properly if this osf.dll file is in this folder.  I moved it to another folder and now all works well.  When I subsequently did an update to Office, it happened again and I had to move the file again.  No idea why, but it worked.