Has good specs: very lightweight, the solid state drive means it boots up in seconds, the flip feature works pretty well (but awkward and two hands required to switch), the microphone and cameras work well, and the keyboard is a pleasure to type on. Overall it runs really well (except for Windows 8 which is horrible, but not much Sony can do about that).However, it's just been full of problems. The most significant is that the charging port is terrible. They tried to make it like Apple where it comes right out if you trip over the cord or something, but what they got was that you have to fiddle with the cord constantly to find that "magic" spot where it actually charges, and then the slightest bump means starting over.Probably related, even if you do find a spot where the computer runs on power, it often says "plugged in, not charging" whether you're at 5% or 90%. Tonight, it's been at 57% for over an hour.The multi-touch gesture pad is a mess. I think it's supposed to have a left and right area, but there's no distinguishing line, so sometimes a two-finger press a right-click, sometimes not, and other times you mistakenly do the wrong thing with one finger. About 1 time in 10, you feel and hear it click, but the computer doesn't register the click. You'll find yourself mashing your finger down in short order. And sometimes, the mouse gets stuck in down position, and then you apparently have to click furiously to get it unstuck.Sometimes, the wireless drivers just uninstall. You start up the computer, and they're gone. The unit doesn't have an RJ-45 port, so you have no Internet. You use another device to go into live chat with Sony, and they tell you to re-download them. While you don't have Internet. Their other solution is to download on a friend's computer. Not very convenient while you're traveling or at a client's.The worst problem, also related to power, is that sometimes the computer just doesn't start up unless you have it plugged in. As soon as you plug it in (and find the magic power spot), it starts up just fine. When you talk with online help, they say to press the tiny battery reset button on the bottom. That sounds great since of course I carry a paper clip around at all times, but then that doesn't even work. The battery is completely internal, so there's no way to remove and reinstall it myself without voiding the warranty.I bought this for a long trip, and Sony won't fix the charging port until I get back, if they will at all. They don't give me a straight answer either way. The other problems are just not eligible for repair or replacement.If I hadn't come on this trip during the return period, I would have returned it weeks ago. Now I'm stuck with expensive unreliable junk. For the same money, buy yourself something that doesn't say Sony on it.