Intel's Core i5 processor is a terrific platform for any notebook, but I love what Lenovo has done with the second-gen Sandy Bridge i5 in the T420s. Even though this model has been discontinued by Lenovo (it was an early 2011 release), it's better in many ways than the follow-on T430s, with longer battery life (seven hours, realistically, with a drive-bay battery) and a much nicer keyboard. In fact, it's the nicest keyboard I've ever experienced in 30 years of IT work. I looked at a T430s, the replacement model, but decided on a T420s with a 120G SSD. The i5 really takes advantage of the SSD's speed!If you've used the T420, this new model is nothing like that older version. It's got a sleeker, tapered look, and feels much better, including in the keyboard. It's a pound lighter, and adds USB3 and DisplayPort.The T420s has got great specs for both Win7 and Win8: 8GB memory, fast NVidia 1GB VRAM graphics (optional, be sure to get it), multitouch trackpad, and 1600x900 screen rez. And you can open the screen flat-out horizontal, which I love for my desk stand. Built in 720p webcam, stereo mic, and stereo speakers are great for GoToMeeting. The super-thin LED screen is anti-glare, not gloss, and I like that. But the 300:1 contrast isn't remarkable. Movies look a little flat on it.But this is not a multimedia machine, it's a work platform. Text and graphics look stunning. The 14" high-rez widescreen has very sharp resolution. The notebook is not thin, either, but it's very light, with an extremely robust magnesium frame case. At an inch thick and four pounds, the thing is no problem for a briefcase. I wouldn't want to tote it in a sleeve, though.  I recommend third-party upgrading to 8GB of RAM, since you can get a whole 8GB kit for just fifty bucks these days. I run VMware Workstation on mine and use it as a virtualization platform, with an external SSD to hold VHDs (a sweet little Oyen USB3 port-powered speedster).Typical notebook networking: a GigE port, and built-in Intel Centrino 1x2bgn, which doesn't seem spectacular. But with two internal PCI slots, you could put in a real MIMO card if you needed it.Some innovative touches: the "ThinkLight" keyboard flood light (on the screen top middle), rather than back-lighted keys, so you get some terrific ambient illumination when working in the dark. I love that!  The keyboard is spill-resistant, and for a frequent air traveler that's important. It's got USB3, SD, and ExpressCard. ExpressCard is nice for adding additional ports such as Ethernet, serial, eSata, etc. Alas, it lacks HDMI, but it has a DisplayPort, so it can drive two external 27" monitors with some inexpensive adapters. It's got a modular bay design, so you can, for example, replace the DVD drive with an aux battery or second HD. All tool-less: click, slide, snap, you've completely reconfigured the machine! I put a second 500G HD in mine, and use an external SSD as well. I have lots of bits ;)I do wish it had an external mic or stereo line in, though. Without that, I'm stuck with USB audio for SDR, a hobby of mine. I'll have to get an ExpressCard for that.And after a year-long stint with a Dell, the Lenovo's compact, super-thin external power supply is a traveler's joy.With the new model out, the T420s are priced right, too.