This was purchased from Amazon, but by my boss, not by me.  He was so disgusted with it that rather than return it, he just gave it to me.Weight, looks and performance-wise, this is a good notebook!  Slim, easy to carry and a beautiful screen.However it needs a few accessories to make it what is in my opinion, usable.1.  A wireless mouse or touch pad as the provided touch pad is extremely unusable.  Granted, I'm used to the one on Apple notebooks, but my wife's cheap HP notebook touch pad is much easier to use.  I suggest going with a Bluetooth mouse or touch pad as there are only two USB ports on this computer.2.  A wireless keyboard as the provided one looks great but the keys don't always work.  I have to pay special attention when typing an 'f' or a 'c' for instance as it usually won't appear. Or you'll easily get double keystrokes.  Combined with the native touch pad which I haven't been able to disable, when typing up a report, letter or even a Facebook post, I'll find that the cursor has suddenly jumped up a number of lines and I'm typing in the middle of something previously written.  Again, I suggest a Bluetooth keyboard as there are only two USB ports.  Though if you have a Logitech unifying receiver, you can use one port for both the keyboard and mouse/pad.3.  An external hard drive.  The 128GB SSD is fast.  However, 100GB for applications and data really isn't very much.  I've install the software that I need to use for work, (Adobe Creative Suite, Office 2013, etc.), my documents and very little else.  I ended up with about 41GB free.  I can't install Dropbox as our shared folder would fill the drive.  So, tie up a USB port with an external USB hard drive.  I picked up a 2TB Western Digital that uses USB3 at a decent price.4.  A USB network adapter.  The radio on this thing is WEAK.  Our WiFi router is currently two walls and about 40 feet away.  Every few minutes, I lose Internet access and have to reset the radio by pressing the F3 key to turn it off and then again to turn it back on.  (That same key also disables Bluetooth for some strange reason.)  My wife's HP sitting two feet closer has NO problems.  If I move to within six feet of the router, I can keep a connection a lot longer but it still drops out from time to time.  The latter also applies with my Verizon 4G LTE hotspot sitting 3 feet from the Vizio.  Using a USB WiFi adaptor, I don't get any network dropout.So, if you're willing to spend more money, use the Bluetooth and both USB ports, this is a pretty snappy and beautiful notebook and very usable.On the other hand, I think that if it was MY money being spent, I'd have gone with the Acer at Costco. 8GB of ram vs 4GB, almost as thin but has a DVD burner and 3 USB3 ports and a touch screen perfect for Windows 8.  It only uses a 750GB spinner hard drive so wouldn't be as snappy.  The keyboard is backlit, has a numeric keyboard and types a LOT better.  Even the touch pad is very usable.  I only use the Acer as an example of how for a $100 more, one can get a much better thin notebook.Hopefully, Vizio has learned from their mistakes with their first notebook and has fixed them in the newer models.Pros:  Thin, light, lovely and snappy performanceCons:  Bad keyboard, bad touch pad, weak WiFi radio, limited storage, limited memory and poor expandability. (Remember, like the newest Apple notebooks, what you buy is what you get. Nothing in this is upgradable or expandable.  No swapping the battery, putting in a bigger hard drive or more memory.)