My dad actually gifted this laptop for me (broke college student definitely needs one). As a college student, I need something dependable, and I am also a mom, so I need something tough. The hp pavillion dv6 works for me. Since I am on this thing atleast 5 days a week I wanted something easy to use. There are a few downfalls which I think others have mentioned. The first is the touchpad. The left/right click don't have any seperation at all (my other computer there was a small piece of plastic in between so you could tell which one you were using. Even after I have had it a year, I still notice myself right clicking when I want to left click or vice versa (nothing to upsetting though...just an annoyance.) The other thing I noticed is when I had a mishap with my screen. While it was closed, my three year old actually stood on it not realizing what he was doing which resulted in a crack. I left it alone for awhile because my computer was functional. Then I put my bookbag (containing my computer) on the back of door with a hook on it. When my bookbag slide off I heard a big thud. All of that is essentially my fault, but to repair it I bought a screen online (I was informed by the computer help store on campus they should ONLY be between 50-80, mine was about 55) and took it to the school to get it repaired which they did for free. Anytime I have gone in there and say I have an HP everyone groans. The word is that HP makes great computers but they are NOT meant to be taken apart. My whole computer had to be taken apart (about 20 screws and four different sizes) and once the computer repair man had my screen he said the screen was glued in. They told me usually computer companies will just screw them in, or maybe even have some clip or latch system. So they had to bring out a screwdriver looking tool that made plenty of noise ( making me very nervous) and pry off the glued on screen to install the new one. Then he had to put it back together. He also said in the fall there was a piece on the lower bottom enclosure (which is plastic instead of aluminum like the top of the computer) that broke. I could ignore it, but he said if it was his computer, he would replace it because it can sometimes put pressure on the LCD screen and cause the screen to break easier. I am grateful they were able to do those services for me, but HP's overall are just not made to be taken apart. Now I am searching online for a hardshell case, laptop bag, and a new lower back enclosure and am having trouble finding anything about this computer. There are a lot of products that are advertising for the gv6 6xxx series and not the 3xxx series so you have to be really careful because there is also a 1xxx and 2xxx series as well. Even though they are little snags I would say all around I do really enjoy my computer.