*NOTE: To my knowledge, the Q200E is a Best Buy-only product, where I got mine.*Pros:+ Gorgeous design--the brushed metal finish and slim form factor made this the envy of everyone who saw it.+ Zippy. The i3 processor, while aging and a bit weedy compared to its big brothers, let everything run smooth and quickly.+ Touch screen is fun, intuitive (once you get used it it) and functional.+ Portable. While a bit on the heavy side, this is much easier to lug around than my 15.6" work laptop. Even the power brick is small and portable!+ Boots up FAST and wakes from sleep INSTANTLY thanks to the instant-on feature.Cons and nitpicks:- Windows 8. Ugh. But a necessary evil.- Mechanical HDD--while this lends to more space for less money made me feel uneasy as they are fragile, especially in notebooks. They are also slower than the (still) insanely expensive SSDs.- Screen is small, low resolution, has poor color, and feels cheap with its plastic film. (To be fair, they had to cut back somewhere, and Asus is known for low-resolution laptop screens)- Touch interface is a gimmick on Windows 8.- Touchpad mouse has odd bouts of unresponsiveness, and I wish the multi-touch gestures were customizable.- i3 processor, while adequate, did not meet my expectations.- Third-party programs lag (browsing on IE was fast and zippy, though).- Shameful battery life.For less than $500, this little notebook packs a lot of great features and is absolutely wonderful for students or professionals on the go. It is beautifully designed with its sleek contours and lines, brushed metal finish, and dual-tone color scheme. Everyone I showed it to immediately wanted one. While a tad on the heavy side, I found it to be a joy to move around, taking computing where I needed. I was also pleasantly surprised at how zippy it was. I am a multi-tasking power-user, and I was surprised at how well this machine stood up for me. What I really loved about this machine, though, is that it boots up blazingly fast and wakes up from sleep in as much time it takes to open the lid, letting you get back to computing in an instant. If you want a decent computer that is highly portable (and great to admire), then this is it. I highly recommend this for anyone who wants good, portable computing--for the price, you definitely get your money's worth.Unfortunately, while very cheap, I was unsatisfied and opted for a bigger and more powerful machine. First and foremost, Windows 8 is disgusting--and I'll leave it at that; this is not the machine's fault. My biggest gripes are the touchpad mouse and battery life. The touchpad mouse mimics the functions of the touch-screen, so it almost feels redundant--to a fault. The gesture-based controls are definitely catered to maneuver around Windows 8, but I feel this also takes away some of the practical functionality I am used to from older Asus laptops (mostly two-finger tap as mouse wheel-click; it is instead, simply right-click). Worst of all was that the touchpad mouse refused to recognize some of my gestures (like the two-finger tap). I found this frustrating, and it slowed down my computing experience.What more, the battery life is rather abysmal (I suppose they had to make budget cuts somewhere to make it so cheap). This touts a 4-hour battery life, but with internet browsing over wifi, that seemed closer to 2.5 or 3 hours. I was able to get through my meetings away from the charger, but immediately had to plug it back in. This sort of kills the portability of this machine. I am surprised at this considering I can squeeze close to 6 hours of computing on my 15.6" Asus UL50VT laptop. I would have thought battery life would have gone up in the years since I got my older machine. Thankfully, the charger on this machine is very small and equally portable.The reason why I returned mine, however, was because I wanted something more powerful. While the i3 performed admirably, it didn't win me over. I opted for a newer release from Asus that had better specs and an all-glass screen (ASUS ViVoBook S500CA-DS51T 15.6-Inch Laptop ( Black ), if you're interested). If I hadn't discovered the S500CA, I would have kept the Q200E--my only regret is that I miss the portability.Bottom line, if you want something cheap, but good and portable, get the Q200E. Personally, I always shop and recommend Asus for notebooks.