I have had the macbook air for about 2 months now and I do like it very much.++ Great little computer... all most of us need really.  Gee-wiz chassis.--  It does have a problem with wifi.  For me, it' sonly the upper 5 g band.I am a somewhat technical user of computers with a degree in computer science.  I currently support BI reporting solutions for a hospital patient accounting software provider.  We use windows laptops mostly for our workstations... though, MacBooks are available and if your job role doesn't require RDP and certain other things.This is the first Apple computer that I have owned and the first version of Mac OS that I have used since before the wild cat names.  It still has the mac style, but certain inflexible ideas of the past have been reworked so that the transition from the PC to the mac is not as jarring.  Windows 7 has improved much also.  I would say the feel of the two desktop environments is a toss up.  Mac is simpler, but more two dimensional.  Windows gives the home/workstation user just too much at times, but it certainly feels a bit richer when you are using it.  Mac OS is just a better home PC OS these days.  Good for you Apple, sometimes a big corporation can do something worth while with software.1) The air is thin and light; perhaps slightly lighter than it needs to be (more battery time please).2)  Battery is great, but not as good as advertised (bit of a trend with Apple?).  Too get the advertised time, just be careful what you keep open and be sure to lock down features for the flash plugin.  There are some very thoughtfully written articles on line to help you get your battery life up closer to 7 hours.3)  Edges are slightly sharp, could be helped if they would make the front edge a little thicker.  I suppose they are trying to set a standard.4)  The web browser crashes more often than I'd expect given the noise that Apple fan-boys make.  Common sense tells us that things like this will happen.5)  Gee wiz it's Unix and many familiar Unix utilities are loaded and as light weight as ever.  Nerds can have fun with this too.6)  Mac Air resolution is great, though it's definitely not a retina display, it's dense and may appear so from a distance.7)  Mac Air text can be very small due to the small screen (and great res.).  I have perfect vision so I can read it... but I might tweak the settings somewhere.8)  Xcode.  I bought this partly to try Xcode.  I was worried, but it actually works quite well.  It's very snappy.  The little iPhone simulator pops right up with no problem.  So far, I am very pleased.9)  Bought an adapter for my Dell 1080 IPS display... works like a charm.  I'm using the DVI adapter... just wanted to make use of the DVI plug on the screen.  It certainly seems to work just nicely.10)  Can't get the upper wifi band to work well.  Seems to be fine with lower one.  It works for a bit, then it gets stopped up.  I will call Apple about this soon.  It's working just fine with my Dell... maybe the air weaker antenna?11)  Silly card reader slot.  Cards to not slip most of the way in, like on the dell and many others, with that delightful little "snick snick" feel.  Instead it sticks out a good half centimeter and nothing provides no satisfying click.  It reads the cards just fine, but you will have to remember to put them away when transporting your Air or something will be broken for sure.Hope this helps.  Have a nice day folks!