I got the DM3-1130 (the AMD processor) in early February, after an extensive search to replace my HP Pavilion dv5000. I had considered ASUS and Macbooks, in particular, as I wanted something in the 13-inch range, lightweight and with a good track record.This model has more memory than the slightly more expensive ASUS model of this size, and Macbooks, while perennially getting great reviews, cost hundreds more. I use this for personal use and for some business use (Internet, writing, some photo editing), so a Macbook wasn't worth it. Sorry, Justin Long.After my brief time with my new HP, here are the pros and cons, for anyone considering it:Pros:1) It truly is a lightweight, portable model2) The style is hard to beat, if you like the metal look3) The keyboard style is different than what I'm used to, but I've found the chiclet style very use to type with4) HP Quickweb is a useful, practical feature to get you on the Internet/listening to music or looking at photos without accessing Windows 75) Windows 7 itself rivals Apple's platform in the litany of user-friendly features and style. I was very impressed.6) The battery life is about what was advertised- probably in the 4 hour range, if you're using wireless and looking at photos, etc. People who are only getting two hours probably are watching a movie and/or didn't let the battery fully drain the first time before they charged it.7) The four USB ports, the SD slot and the exhaust fan on the side are all nice features.8) I haven't had any problems with the mousepad- people who have commented negatively on it, I would guess, want the world's perfect mousepad. It's functional. And sure, it gets fingerprints on it, but that's because you use your fingers to use it. What do you expect? And are you trying to impress people with your fingerprint-less mousepad?9) I was installing multiple programs and browsing the Internet all at once and experienced no interruptions or slow down. At least in that test, the RAM and processor are keeping up. I went with the AMD instead of Intel partly for cost (much cheaper), but also because I was told by some computer experts AMD might work a little faster. No regrets yet.Cons:1) The left palm area gets hotter than you'd like.2) I had a problem after registering/setting up my laptop. After installing a few programs I needed to restart. When I got to the log-on screen and entered the password I had selected during startup when I created an account, Windows kept telling me I was incorrect, although I was sure (and the password hint verified) that I was right. HP tech service said that sometimes happens when an administrator password is selected during start-up, and had me restore my system. It worked (I just didn't enter a password during setting up screen), although I had to reinstall stuff I had already installed before, as you'd expect. Lost some time, but not a huge deal. You'd think it could have been avoided with a simple "Set up a user password later", as I'm sure I'm not the only person that's happened to. That's more of Windows' fault than HP's. At the least, HP tech service was helpful.3) No optical drive, which you need to make a recovery disk at some point. I'll have to borrow one. Since most software is downloaded these days, I won't otherwise need it. It's something you have to give up if you want an ultraportable model, in most cases.4) HP offers a $50 rebate for this model, but it's not valid if you buy it off of Amazon. I knew that ahead of time- still went with Amazon because it was cheaper than factory direct, but that's a bummer.