I bought this computer for the price and system specs: $579 for the dual core i3, 7200 RPM hard drive, 4 GB DDR3, and new L3 cache (which is debatable on whether or not is worth anything).I bought this laptop intending to dual-boot it with Linux, and use it as a Linux development/sys-admin box part of the time, and then let my wife use the Windows side the rest of the time for her office work.  I bought it cold, without ever trying it out.  I'm someone who doesn't get too picky about performance and graphics, and is more concerned with the comfort of a system.  I don't care if something takes 2.3 seconds instead of 1.8 seconds as long as I'm comfortable.I'll go ahead and list the pros of this laptop: - It's fairly snappy, especially for a laptop, and works very well with Windows 7. - I've never needed to use swap space yet. 4 GB of DDR3 is awesome. - The screen seems to work fine, although the glossiness can be annoying - Fairly durable - 5 in 1 reader is good add-on - You get a great package for the price. - No dedicated number pad.  I want that real estate for my other keys. - Wireless works great.  DVD/CD burning works fine. - Stays very cool and very quiet.  Beats my MBP here hands down. - No stupid latch for opening the screen. - Lots of good connections: 3 USB (should be plenty for anyone), HDMI and a serial out, optical out. - Battery life is great.Here are the cons: - The column of buttons on the left.  No one in the world uses those stupid shortcut buttons (copy, paste, Internet browser, music client, email client).  The column on the right gets used all of the time (Delete, Pg Up/Down, Home/End).  There is half of an inch of wasted space on the left of your keyboard. - Because this laptop has an integrated graphics card, Linux does not play well with it.  Don't expect any accelerated stuff, and don't expect to use anything other than basic graphics drivers.  This is only a problem because you will try to use newer drivers, and then your Linux system won't boot right. - Because of the integrated sound card, Linux does not play well with it.  I have yet to get any sound out of the speakers in Linux.  I'm assuming no one at HP is smart enough to write drivers in Linux. - HP installs their own recovery software, which means your system comes from the factory with all 4 primary partitions already used (Windows + Windows Swap + Windows Recovery + HP Recovery).  This means that you have to use HP's installed software to create your 1 time recovery disks (takes about 2 hours), and then you have to delete the HP partition, defrag the Windows partition, and then shrink the Windows volume to have some free space for a Linux partition.  This was a pain in the butt. - THE MOUSE IS FLUSH WITH THE LAPTOP!  Because it isn't 'inset' at all, you will constantly tap the mouse area with your thumb by accident, which will then either change your application or change focus within your app to somewhere you didn't want.  Aggravating as hell. - The mouse buttons are way too difficult to handle.  You have to press them very, very hard, and there is no speedy way to use them.  You can get away with clicking by just tapping the mouse pad, but your screwed when it comes to right clicks (as much as I hate to say it, Apple has the best mouse pad in the world in their MBP). - The Esc button is to the top left of the tilde button, not above it (F1 is above tilde).  You Vi/ViM users will not like this. - The power button is weird.  If you are a man and you don't have little skinny girly hands, it's hard to fit a thick finger in the area where you have to push the button.This is still a fairly good deal for the money, but if you are a developer and are looking for something that will let you fly around on the keyboard, this might not be the best system.  Also, you Linux users will probably want something with dedicated graphics cards, as it makes you install and boots much easier.  For people who are using this for random usage and not any thick, dedicated work, this is a great deal.  I don't really recommend it for developers, especially Linux ones.