I'm giving this laptop 4 stars because despite all of its greatness, it does still have a few quirks you should be aware of.I did a lot of research and comparing before buying this laptop, and by no means am I thinking I made the wrong choice.Pros:Size - For me, 17 inches is way too big, and anything below 13 is way too small. This size is very nice to transport, not bulky at all, and its not very heavy compared to other gaming laptops I've handled.Screen - A lot of laptops I found around this price range had 1366x768 resolution. For me, I have to have 1080p. Anything less just looks like garbage. Finding a a laptop with a 1080p screen for this price was a huge pro for buying this laptop.Performance - The dual 750m's in this laptop can be quite impressive. With some tweaking, you can run battlefield 4, bioshock infinite, borderlands 2, and a lot of other high end games on this little powerhouse. In most games it performs a little worse than my old radeon 6870, which is astonishing. The added i7 makes a huge difference. Definitely spend the extra money and get the i7 over the i5. If you plan on keeping this for any length of time, you'll be happy you went for the quad core.Outside - Not the most important feature by any means, but a pleasant bonus buying this laptop. The metal casing feels sleek, the red backlit keyboard is the first thing people comment on when they see it. ICons:Screen - While the screen is 1080p, you sometimes get the feeling that not everything runs at 1080p. For example, google chrome looks a bit blurry, like its at a lower resolution. This seems really weird to me, and I've no idae how to fix it. Mind you, this isn't a huge deal. Also, the colors aren't as good looking as they could be.Performance - This laptop comes with the Geforce Experience program, which can be used to configure the graphics settings for many games to what nvidia recommends. However, I've noticed that in a few games, nvidia is a bit optimistic about the performance. For example, it says it can run bioshock infinite on basically maximum settings. While standing still in the game, this is true. But once you start actually moving, the framerate jumps all over the place (dropping into the 10's in some parts, which if you know anything about games, is basically unplayable.) It also gets quite hot for your mouse hand when playing games.Battery - For a gaming laptop, obviously you shouldn't expect a long battery life. I get about 3 1/2 hours for normal, non gaming use. Some people might be turned off by this, but being a college student, I rarely am somewhere where I can't plug it in. however, the charger is also a bit larger than normal chargers. This isn't a big deal really, but just something to keep in mind.Trackpad - The trackpad is very sensitive, and takes some getting used to. If you use a mouse with this, you'll never notice it.Some extra thoughts:Having two graphics cards does come with a few hiccups. You have to shut down all open programs to activate or disable both cards. That's not really a problem, just an inconvenience. Also, some older games I've been playing, like the elder scrolls 4 oblivion, don't recognize both cards. And one 750m isn't very powerful. In that respect, getting a laptop with just one card (you could find one with a 765m, same processor and ram for around the same price, maybe a little more) might be a safer bet. I also recommend not using the geforce experience other than to keep your graphics drivers up to date and configuring graphics settings in games yourself, using something like fraps to monitor your fps. If you want to play at higher resolutions, you can go into the nvidia control panel-manage 3d settings-and set the adaptive vsync (last option in the list) to half the refresh rate. This locks the framerate to 30 fps, which makes the game run more smoothly with less framerate jumps. Or if you don't mind running games at a lower resolution, that's another option.I highly recommend this laptop. Finding a laptop with this kind of performance at this price is nearly impossible. I've enjoyed this laptop immensely since I've bought it. There are just a few quirks people should know about.