I bought the previous version of this Macbook Pro released June 8th on June 13th and have had more than a year of experience with my Macbook Pro as a student. I have also been working as an IT technician. The only difference between this revision and the previous Macbook Pro I have is the .16Ghz difference in processor speed, 90GB in hard drive space, ~2 hours in battery life, a somewhat improved graphics card, and 2GB of RAM (cost me $50 to upgrade, compared to Apple's proposed $100).POSITIVES:1. Aluminum body makes the Macbook feel good to the touch and makes it very durable. I only have one scratch on it and that happened in the first month I got it. Other than that one small scratch, there are no scratches and I never bothered with a Macbook cover or anything.2. Snow Leopard is a very nice operating system. Was a Windows XP user before, but it was a very easy transition.3. The trackpad is probably one of the best designed and most responsive on a notebook. (I work IT, so I've worked on Dells, Lenovos, Sonys, etc.) I hate the two finger tap to double-click, so I made clicking the bottom-right right click. Still, the trackpad does not compare to having to a actual mouse.4. Boot Camp Assistant allows you to partition your hard drive, so that you can have Windows AND Snow Leopard on your computer. I had Windows XP, but upgraded Boot Camp to Windows 7 Professional. When you install your Windows partition, make sure you use the drivers from your Snow Leopard disc and download the Boot Camp drivers from the Apple site.5. The ability to schedule an appointment at the Apple Store for the Genius Bar makes customer support probably a good thing for problems. My friend had his hard drive die on him and got a replacement hard drive the next day since he was still in warranty. Even if you are out of warranty, you can still go, but expect to pay for replacement parts. If it's the hard drive that died, just buy it yourself since they rip you off.6. Apple brags about how Macs doesn't have viruses. It's true, for now anyways. Macs still has vulnerabilities though if you're not careful. As Mac gains more market share, expect more viruses in the wild.7. The AC adapter is well designed as you can add an extension cable if you need it. However, expect it to get hot.8. Battery life is great on the Macbook Pro. It can last me all day if I run it on battery. I've only charged it ~95 times (according to Coconut Battery) as I run it on AC power often and battery life is 95%.NEGATIVES:1. The price is probably the worst part of getting a Macbook. For the prices you pay for each Macbook Pro model, you can get a computer with MUCH higher spec parts. An Intel Core 2 Duo just doesn't compare to the i3/i5/i7 quad core line of mobile processors. The i5s and the i7s that comes with only the higher end Macbook Pros aren't even actual quad cores as they virtualize cores. Also, the integrated graphics card doesn't just not compare to most discrete graphics cards that come with laptops at this price. For the $1100 I was gonna use to buy this year's Macbook revision, I decided to build my own computer. It has an i7 930 quad core processor overclocked to 3.61GHz, an ATI HD5770 graphics card, 640GB hard drive space, and 6 GB of ram.2. Heat can also be a problem. The top left of the keyboard area (CPU area) gets quite hot (~150 Fahrenheit, ~65 Celcius) with just one Youtube video running in Firefox. I've seen it go up to 180 Fahrenheit (~82 Celcius) when running many applications. When Boot Camp, the Macbook Pro gets quite hot since it doesn't control the fans as well. I've found spraying compressed air into the fan when you take off the bottom lid to clean dust really helps.3. Compared to Windows, the Mac doesn't have games. Even if they do, they mainly are ports from Windows and do not run as well. Game developers usually don't bother developing for both Mac and Windows at the same time. Starcraft 2, which was developed for both Windows and Mac at the same time, runs much better on the Windows Boot Camp partition than the Mac side. I can only run the Mac at 1280x800 on the lowest possible settings on the Mac side while I can run the Mac at 1280x800 on Medium settings using Windows 7.4. If you plan to do powerpoint presentations from your Macbook, you'll need a mini-Displayport to VGA or DVI cable from Apple. This retails for $29.5. The speakers aren't great, but what do you expect if it's under the keyboard?6. The fastest way to transfer files from an external hard drive is through the Firewire 800 port. Firewire 800 does just not compare to eSata, which most modern computers support and whose speeds make Firewire look sad. The only reason Firewire is included on the Mac is because Firewire was developed by Apple and they get money from it.