This system had problems that started small: high pitched whine of the fans signaled a high CPU. Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off. The problems only got worse: reformatted the system hard drive to try and fix the system and then it lost total ability to connect to the Internet.Thank goodness that I bought Applecare before the included warranty expired. So I brought it into the local Apple Store for repair. This was a mistake.After 14 days, and two separate trips, and even a phone call to support in between the first and second repair, I'm still not sure that they got it right. First they replaced the logic board and the second time the memory. In the last 4 days after the second repair the system froze with a tick-tick-tick sound until forced powered off.There was a large 4-day gap in the second repair when, after two unanswered calls to the store, the Store employee who finally answered my return call to them (which stated that they needed a call with my go-ahead) did not inform the original Apple store employee that I had authorized the go ahead, so the system sat not being repaired for 4 days until they called me again asking for the same authorization.Now I am wondering if the hard drive is bad and caused the OS corruption and not the RAM. I bet they didn't check this.I now believe that I cannot trust this system, nor the repair techs at the Apple Store that I took it into.I now want a replacement system, refurbished or new, since I've lost trust in this system now and have spent countless hours restoring from my backups. If this had been a work system, I would have been down for 14+ days.I loved my older MacBook Book Pro 15" and it only needed a new logic board after 3+ years. This one was to be my dream replacement system and I am in no way confident that this will last 1/2 as long.Needless to day, I am really very disappointed in Apple. Poor customer service has really wrecked this experience for me. The only reason I am giving it above a 1 star is that when it works, the system is pretty awesome: fast, beautiful screen and physically perfectly sized.UPDATE 2/4/13: More problems surfaced since my last review. Video is now officially glitchy (white/random rectangles dancing across the screen before the screen goes black) and has joined a new problem: a 3-Beep (pause) 3-Beep (pause) repetition that occurs when coming out of sleep mode. This beep will not stop until the system is hard-powered down. Apparently, this has to do with a memory issue--like the RAM that they replaced at the Apple Store.I now have an escalation going with an Apple Care Senior Adviser, apparently higher than your standard Apple Care tech, who promised to fix this given the myriad of problems. At this rate, they will probably replace everything within the unibody shell before they simply give me even a refurbished replacement system.Update 2/28/13: after now weeks of remote analysis and reporting, and essentially nothing being fixed, I've now been authorized to mail in the system for repair (with promises that Apple will not let me be stuck with a non-working system). At this point, it is so unstable that I cannot even do a backup without the screen shuddering and then the system locking up completely. I'm resigned that the hard drive will need full replacement as well as the RAM, and that I will essentially need to rebuild the system (again) from the backups. I'm hearing 4-5 business days and NO promises of a new/rebuilt system at all. More when I get it back.