This Mac is my first Mac and it does impress. I was using a Compaq  running a 2.7 AMD processor yet my Mac with only a 2.26 GHz Intel processor out performs it in many of my benchmarks. The Nvidia 9400M, which uses 256 MB of you systems ram, performs great. The 9400M performs well enough to playback 1080p files on my 42 inch screen perfectly. I am even able to play Need For Speed and World Of Warcraft in Windows using bootcamp with 25-30 Fps in NFS and 55-60 Fps in WOW. Now onto the RAM. This configuration comes equipped with 2 GB of DDR3 RAM. I found that in general applications this was plenty. I upgraded my system with 4 GB of RAM from Crucial, I found apps such as PhotoShop, IMovie, GarageBand and VMware Fusion to run faster. With that said, I suggest upgrading the ram yourself and not paying  apple to do it as they overcharge. With it being able to support up to 8 GB of Ram there is plenty of room for expansion.DesignThe new Macbook Pro is carved out of a single block of aluminum. What that means is that the computer isn't made from multiple layers of plastic of aluminum, it is just one solid piece, which gives the computer a nice sturdy feel. The computer features a chic let style keyboard that is nicely backlit and has a very nice tactile feel to it. The trackpad is just one large, glass covered button. It also supports multitouch very much like the IPhone but also includes a few new ones.  All the Multitouch features are very smooth and responsive. You will find very quickly that it is hard to live without these features but can be disabled if they are not you your cup of tea.ScreenThe screen on the new 13 inch Macbook Pro is simply stunning. The display is led backlit which can give amazing blacks and bright whites. It runs at a resolution of 1280x800. Side by side the new screen is clearly better and has a much better viewing angle  than previous models. If you want to see for your self go to an apple store and play the new Iron Man trailer in 1080p from the website and you will see what I meanPortsThe Macbook Pro has an array of ports. It the MagSafe power port which connects to the computer with a magnetic connection instead of a physical on. So if someone trips over the cable, it breaks away cleanly and wont send you laptop flying across the room. I have broke many power cables on previous machines. Then there is you  ethernet port which is pretty standard. Then is the return of firewire with a firewire 800 port. Then there in the mini Display Port which requires the use of an adapter to connect via HDMI or DVI to a TV. This can be a hassle and wish apple would have used just a HDMI port because the only thing you will find display ports on are Apple products. Moving down the machine you find two usb ports. I wish there were one more Usb port and the current ones were a little spread apart but it was most likely a space issue because when the computer is closed it is just under an inch thick. But moving on you find a SD card slot which is the first time this has been a feature on a Mac. When a SD card is put in it does stick out a bit but I don't find that a problem. Then there is the audio in and out ports which has been combined into just one port. If you plug in the earphones that come with  the IPhone both the earphones and the mic work at the same time. All of these ports I have mentioned ore located on the left and on the right you have a slot loading superdrive (much like the PS3 and Wii) and a Kensington security slot that doesn't block the superdrive but comes very close. And that is it for the ports.BatteryThe battery on the Macbook Pro is simply amazing. With this I integrated battery, I am able to achieve an amazing 9 hours of battery like when not using the Internet connection and brightness at 70% and 7 hours when surfing the web and playing videos.all in all this a great portable machine