I recently acquired a slightly upgraded version of this laptop and I have to say, I am highly impressed with the Lenovo quality. And I'm an IT guy.For those that don't know, Lenovo (a Chinese company) purchased the PC business from IBM, including the product names (one with business clout is the ThinkPad line).When it comes to building a robust machine that's capable of taking the kind of beating a business professional doles out on a machine, the ThinkPad line always stood for high quality and high expectations. Thankfully those expectations continue to be met by Lenovo in the ThinkPad line.Pros mostly unique to Lenovo's systems:Powered USB port; you can plug in any device that can be charged via USB into the computer (the yellow USB port) and it will charge even if the laptop is powered off. You won't need to pack every wall wart with you when you travel anymore!Textured touch pad; when you're working in darker locations, this helps you easily locate the touchpadFn and Ctrl keys can be swapped via the BIOS; Lenovo has positioned the Fn key used to switch to external displays, change screen brightness and so on, where you'd normally find the CTRL key on the left part of the keyboard so you can swap the function of the two keys in the BIOSRobust recovery optionsUseful bundled software; password vault used to store passwords in an encrypted file, connection manager makes connecting to wired and wireless networks easier, excellent power control (let's you see a ton of info that straight Windows 7 doesn't show, such as how much power the machine is currently using)LED light on screen to illuminate the keyboard (though there is a con; see below)ThinkVantage button; press the button during boot up and it takes you to system restore which can restore files, just the OS or completely reset the system to it's factory installed configuration (which nukes local files, so backup before running that option if you have files you don't want to lose!). You can also access driver updates for your machine directly from Lenovo with this button as well (yeah, like I said, I'm an IT guy!)Bundled software. Being an IT guy I HATE most company's bundled software. Not so with Lenovo, as everything on this machine, with few exceptions, is worth keeping and using.USA based support. Purchase a Dell, speak to someone in India. Purchase a Lenovo ThinkPad, speak to someone in Atlanta, Georgia. And no, I'm not dismissing the capability of India based support, but we all know it is sometimes difficult to understand Indian speakers.Cons:The textured touchpad, when used for extended periods, may make your finger uncomfortableThe LED light for keyboard illumination works, but not nearly was well as the backlit Dell keyboardsAs configured this system is Windows 7 32 bit; I recommend 64 bit only these days especially if you ever want to upgrade past 4 GB of RAM (something else I'd recommend). If you want Win7 64 bit, you can purchase the 64 bit restore CDs from Lenovo's customer service (WHICH IS USA BASED!) for ~$50.2 GB RAM is adequate but should be 4 GB at least for a Win 7 machine to really shineCase design. One thing that never seems to change from ThinkPad model to ThinkPad model is the design of the laptop itself; a ThinkPad LOOKS like a ThinkPad, even if it was built 5 years ago. This is good or bad, depending on what you're looking for.Working where I do, I have the luxury of directly comparing this Lenovo laptop w/ the Dell E-series. When comparing the 2 side by side, it's amazing how much better built the ThinkPad is. Sound quality from the speakers on the ThinkPad is so much nicer than the Dell E6410. The screen is brighter and cleared. The E6410, if dropped on a corner of the laptop, would be shattered and destroyed. The ThinkPad? Maybe pop the bezel back in place and you're back up and running.And let's talk about heat dissipation. If you plan on using your laptop as a LAPtop, don't even consider the Dell E-series. It is scorcher. You will sweat with it on your lap. And don't even think about leaving it running on a table with varnish. It WILL melt the varnish if left to sit long enough. Always put it on a place mat or something else. Then you have this ThinkPad. I've left it running diagnostics over night, on a table and guess what? It was STILL cool to the touch. There is a very slight warmth but not something you'll notice in general use.Overall I feel Lenovo builds a vastly superior product for business users than the other 2 of the big three (Dell, HP and Lenovo). Neither of the other manufacturer's laptops have the feel of a high build quality and design. They are OK, but if you're looking for the perfect business laptop to travel around with you, and not just pretty eye candy to show off your prestige, buy the ThinkPad, even at a slightly higher price point than Dell or HP. You will appreciate it in the long run, as this is a machine that will last for a couple years longer than your warranty runs, unlike the Dell and HPs of the same class. And a Dell you'll be lucky to have last more than 3 years.Even using my company's Dell employee purchase plan and the higher discount it affords, I chose a Lenovo and will do so for as long as Lenovo continues to build one of the best designed, robust and well thought out laptops for business users.Highly recommended (the ThinkPad line, not necessarily this build). For this particular laptop, call Lenovo and spend $50 on the Windows 7 64 bit restore discs.