Let me start by saying that thus far in my career of Windows PC building, operating, and maintaining, I have never before used a device that could be seriously described as elegant.PROS:The form factor is astounding, I find myself picking the unit up just to look at it and consider it from different angles. The all aluminum chassis has a pleasing texture, it is lighter yet feels far more solid than any other ultrabook I have encountered. The hinges have no undue give, yet there is little effort needed to engage them.The trackpad is a marvel. After only a few days I am amazed I ever used a Windows laptop without proper OS trackpad integration. Every flick and swipe is picked up and acted upon without hesitation, it is a shame this responsiveness is so alien when coming from Windows.OSX is very polished, lightning fast on this SSD. I find myself much preferring it for every activity I use my PC for besides gaming. Swiping between fullscreen pages is intuitive, trackpad gestures are tight and do much to streamline navigation. I feel more compelled to recommend it to clients, no more ad-ware, no flavor of the week virus infections. No embarrassingly mid-life crisis 'reinventions' to fight with as in Windows 8. One OS for desktops and laptops, separate OS for touch-enabled devices.802.11AC Wifi! I can finally use my lonely 5GHz band! I have not experienced any wireless dropouts or hiccups as others have described.Haswell architecture has enabled an unheard of real-world 10-12 hour wireless browsing battery life while packing a fully featured quad core i5 chip with HD5000 graphics. Unprecedented for this size and weight. HD5000 tackles Skyrim at comfortable mid-level graphics and playable frames, at the expense of extreme system heat.Built in bootcamp allows easy Windows 7 dual booting for those OS specific applications, still eeking out 6-10 hours depending on usage, providing a better Windows experience than Microsoft themselves.CONS:Maybe HDD space? All my music is stored with Google, photos and documents on Dropbox and Skydrive. Install Office and Photoshop and still have 90GB left.This is not really a con, just a function of nature. Packing this chip in this form factor means heat! Working in OSX is fine, doesn't break a sweat. Once you bootcamp Windows 7 and try on your gaming pants however, expect this thing to live at 99 degrees celsius with fans full tilt.I used to argue against Macs purely from a price point perspective, but for $999 (bought at Best Buy) I feel this machine is a steal. I can see myself using this system for the next three years easily. With no mechanical hard drive and sturdy construction it will take quite a drop or impact to take this thing out.In closing, the Macbook Air shows that a carefully controlled eco-system can work in the right hands. As opposed to leaving manufacturers to their own devices and quality control standards, Apple has examined every facet of their platform and made purposeful design choices, polished them over several generations and realized them with very strict hardware standards.I have experienced the Windows 8 bombshell from ground zero. Poorly implemented and designed manufacturer software, random black screen freeze ups and hundreds of other software bugs, 5 different operating system recovery methods for 5 different manufacturers, it no longer makes sense to me.I have been assimilated into the cult of simple OS interface and reliable, controlled hardware platforms.