I bought this laptop from Lenovo website, considering it as a deal. I'm surprised that I can see the mSSD in explorer window. The computer is not as fast as I expect out of a laptop with mSSD. Then I realize that the SSD cache is not turned on. To turn on the cache, you have to set the hard drive in raid mode. I went to bios and wow, there is no raid mode for hard drives! There are only ACHI and legacy modes. No RAID! No RAID? That essentially defeat the purpose of mSSD. Yet they have mSSD as an option which makes anyone reasonably expect Intel@ Rapid Response Technology to work with those computers. Now I have to return it to get one that if configured with mSSD, does use SSD cache for performance!How can anyone design a computer like this? It's ridiculously stupid. Lenovo not informing buyers that the computer cannot use mSSD to its purpose is like cheating and misrepresenting their product!I'm hugely disappointed at this model and Lenovo.Update:I laughed out loud when my review received attention from Lenovo people (see Corssix comments). I talked to four people at Lenovo regarding this issue. The most pleasant one is with the return specialist. He's a system administrator to my understanding. Even though he has no experiences in setting up mSSD cache--often called accelerating cache, he immediately understood the issue and admitted that it was a silly design by Lenovo and suggested that the higher levels should be alerted and potentially take actions. Too bad he's in charge of returns :). My call of this issue first went to their hardware technicians. I tried very hard to explain what accelerating cache was and would do. By the time the technician understood the concept, he admitted that he could do nothing and asked me to call back to their software support. I was about to simply return it and then decided to give their software support a try. A female received me and could not find my service ticket. Again, I was educating Lenovo technical support for a while and she admitted that she could do nothing to help me. She said, please call hardware support! I told her that I came from hardware support. She insisted that I did not contact the right person/department. I was transferred to hardware support. A different female received me and like the female in software support, she could not locate my service ticket either. I had to lecture Lenovo technician for a third time about the accelerating cache that my computer has and its roles and configuration in windows. She put me on hold several times, as if to digest my free education. For the last time I was on hold, at least 10 minutes passed and I could not wait any longer. I hung up and dialed the return department.Lenovo people either are not up to speed with the real tech world and are guenuinely ignorant about accelerating cache or they played dumb with me and other users. In either case, they are not tolerable and inexcusable. There are many tests done by experts on accelerating cache. Configured properly, accelerating cache almost match the performance of straight SSD systems. Understandably, the difference is in write operation of the disk. Such tests and reviews are widely available online. Even if the Lenovo "expert" is truly ignorant of Intel rapid storage technology, it is still inexcusable to speak before a Google search and some casual reading to get themselves educated. True, using the "external" SSD for temp files and swap files could speed up the computer and speed wise the Lenovo computer I received is not terribly bad either. However, when offered 24Gb of mSSD, I do expect accelerating cache level performance. The Lenovo I received is far off from that! "External" SSD? What do you mean by that? Lenovo's creativity went to wrong direction, it should be with the computer and technology and not with words!