I recently purchased a quantity of these chromebooks for the school I work for to be used by the teachers and staff. I have used my HP Chromebook 14 for almost a week now and I think I am really going to like this notebook the more I use it but there are a couple of things that nag at me ever so slightly.First, the RAM in the computer is not upgradeable. The models I purchased had two gigs of RAM in them and those modules are soldered on to the motherboard. This means no upgrading done by me down the road. I cannot complain a lot because the chromebooks only cost $300 but it was something that I wish I could do in order to increase the lifespan of these guys. On that note, the battery is not replaceable by the user either. Not a deal breaker but something to keep in mind if you are like me and like to be able to maintain your hardware as it ages.On the upside, I really enjoy the bigger screen the HP Chromebook 14 has to offer. So many Chromebooks have tiny screens, which is great on battery life but make it hard to use as your primary computer when you have a lot of tabs open and like to multitask like I do. I am also a huge fan of the keyboard. Again, Chromebooks tend to have rather cheap keyboards but the key presses on this model are crisp and typing is rather enjoyable. Typing isn't quite as enjoyable as it may be on my Macbook Pro or a mechanical keyboard but for the price of this unit, I don't expect it to be. I do enjoy typing on this notebook much more than I thought I would.Lastly, I really like the finish on the outer shell of the Chromebook. The white looks nice and the finish is a little bit grippy. It makes the notebook feel and look like a higher quality build than it most likely is. Obviously, this doesn't impact the utility of this computer but looks never hurt either.Also, while this doesn't apply to the "snow white" color scheme, if you are interested in the "peach corral" color, be warned it is very pinkish. Obnoxiously so. It looks much more red in pictures but when you see it in person, it is a hard color to look at. The blue-ish color scheme also doesn't look the same in person as it does in pictures. It is more of a turquoise and less of a green. Just thought I would mention this in case potential buyers are looking at the other colors. I bought a few of each color and the white is definitely the more polished and professional looking of the three colors available for this specific model.Like I said, my initial impression of this Chromebook is that it is a nice machine and it is probably the first Chromebook I could see as a viable replacement for a Windows or OS X based machine. Nice screen, nice keyboard, I just wish users could upgrade it themselves a little more.