Absolute no brainer to buy a Chromebook if one or more of the following is true:1) Already a Google apps user.2) Ready to eliminate the constant hassle of Windows/Mac maintenance, data backups, migrations, fear of crashes, etc.3) Need an additional laptop.4) Want essentially unlimited storage accessible across multiple devices.5) Have the need for speed.There are many more compelling reasons to get a Chromebook. Here's how it worked out for me. I have a 3yr old Macbook Air that was starting to get slow and get low on storage. I wanted to get a Chromebook as a 2nd laptop, but with the intent of eventually making it my primary computer. I've been a Google apps user for years and was ready to go "all Cloud". My primary concerns were, would it adequately handle my needs for documents, photos/video, music, printing/scanning, be secure, and fast. The answer after using it for a month is absolutely yes.Documents -Google apps with cloud storage in Google Drive is perfect for me. Pushed all existing files I need into Drive and create all new docs in Google apps. Google apps has come a long way over the last couple years and to me has far more upside than using traditional office suites like MS Office. There is limited offline access available, but I have no need for it at this time and have not tested it. Google Docs and files converted to Google Docs format don't take up storage space, so if you use it you never even dent your storage cap, which is great.Photos/Video -I had been using the Google Picasa application on Mac for several years and was already syncing files to albums on web Picasa. Now I just upload files directly to Picasa web. It's still very easy. For my iPhone, I had been syncing the pics to my Mac, then uploading to Picasa web. Now I use an iPhone app called Web Albums to push those files to Picasa web, which is actually easier than what I was doing before. If you sign up for Google+, photos up to 2048 x 2048 pixels and videos up to 15 minutes don't count toward your storage, which again is great. Having photos/videos accessible on any device with Picasa web and virtually unlimited storage is a killer app for me.Music -I had approx 1500 music files that consisted of ripped mp3s and music purchased from iTunes. I had already used my Mac to push those to Google Music, so they are all available to listen to from Google Play on any device. Over the last year I've become a huge fan of Pandora and Spotify and at this point don't really need or want iTunes anymore. I'd primarily use those two services whether I had a Chromebook or not, so music on the Chromebook is a non-issue.Printing/Scanning -My older HP printer was having problems just prior to buying the Chromebook, so when I got the Chromebook it was by chance that timing was right to get a new printer as well. I got an Epson Artisan 837. Google Cloud print works flawlessy with it. No more print drivers to install. To scan docs to pdf, I have to plug a usb drive into the printer to accept the file, then plug it into the Chromebook and save it to Google Drive. I would have preferred a way to do that without using the usb drive, but it's a relatively fast and  acceptable work around that gets me what I need. A nice feature is that you can print/save any page you're viewing to a pdf in Drive. Another great free app is Hellofax for sending/receiving faxes and electronically signing documents.Security -Some people may be uneasy putting all their data in the cloud. Most people with traditional PCs probably already have much of their data tied to the web anyway. If you're worried about security, beef it up using Google's 2-step verification. It's easy to implement and should put your mind at ease. I was using it before I had the Chromebook and continue to use it. One feature I really like is the user profiles and guest access. You log in with your Google id/password and your profile appears with all its apps, history, bookmarks, etc. If you want to let a kid or guest use your Chromebook they can use the guest profile and don't need a password to log on. They don't get access to your data and can't accidentally mess it up, and their browsing history, cookies, etc are all wiped when they log off. Best situation for both parties. One could argue that having your data in the cloud (properly secured) is actually far more secure than having it reside in local files on a traditional laptop. If my Chromebook is lost or stolen, there are no files on it to steal, and even if they had my password I can sever its access immediately from another device using 2-step verification.Speed -Using the Chromebook will quickly make you realize how much time you waste booting up and powering down traditional PCs. It is ridiculous how much faster the Chromebook does that process. Web pages load and videos run as fast or faster than any traditional PC. The webcam runs well and battery time is more than sufficient. The nice thing about Chrome OS, Google apps, and many other available web apps, is that they automatically get exponentially better over time, and don't cost anything for that extra value add. Something that is really impossible to achieve with traditional PCs and software.If Google could market like Apple, Chromebooks would be everywhere. For me it's a fantastic device. I'd highly recommend it to any person or business.