This is one of the best values I have seen on an Ultrabook! Got mine for about $670 as Amazon was running a $100 rebate special 2 months ago when I purchased it. But, even without that $100 off this is still a good deal.Performance is as advertised... blazing fast boot & "unsleep"... you won't beleive it if you haven't seen it before;)At 3.5 lbs, the weight is awesome! Allowed me to take as carry-on on some short flights with small carriers that have weight restrictions on carry-ons due to smaller planes. My old laptop would have put me well over that weight limit.I find the glossy display quite pleasing... in fact, my hi-res photgraphs look better on this than on all 4 other non-IPS monitors I currently use.The keyboard is a bit different that what you may be used to but after a few days of use you won't even notice it any more.Battery life is AMAZING on this thing! Rated at 8 hours but frankly, I was able to get more than that out of it! On a flight across the Atlantic, I had this thing on for 7 hours straight and was still showing abuot 33% battery left. Granted, I had the Wi-Fi turned off and put it in powersave mode, but at that rate, I could have worked for 10 hours without power!Another big plus on this UB is the 500GB HDD. Yes I know, some UB purests would say that the inclusion of a non-SSD exlcudes this from being a true UB but i have to disagree. The great UB performance is all here, as is the light weight, so if it acts and feels like an UB, it must be an UB;)  If I unerstand correctly, Sony has a special 32-GB partition of this 500GB HDD that acts as a small SSD. The system boots and runs essentially tasks off this pseudo-SSD so that's how they deliever this great performance!For me, having that extra storage space was critical. I mainly use this for my photography business and when in the field on a long trip, my process is to back up my CF cards directly to my laptop's HDD, then make an additional copy to an external HDD. On my recent trip to Europe, I shot over 150GB worth of photos, so this would not have been possible on any of the UB's with only ~128GB SSDs.I investing in a USB 3.0 card reader and leveraged this UB's 1 USB 3.0 port to pull some amazingly fast data transfer times! My first experience with USB 3.0 so i have nothing to compare to but this thing was blazing so fast I couldnt beleive it!Only real down-sides I can see with this UB are as follows but both can be easily remedied:- no Optical Drive: definately a weight saving issue here... but i needed to load office, Photoshop and Lightroom. Easy solution was to buy a good $20 USB external DVD drive. Loaded everything up with ease, don't have to carry it with me when I travel, but can use it any time in the future.- limited USB ports: just 1 3.0 and 1 2.0 is proabbly 1 port less than average for UBs. Since I almost always have my mouse dongle in the 2.0 port, that typially leaves only the 3.0 port available. Frankly, I have yet to need more than the 2 ports but of course if you do, you can get a dirt cheap USB port expander.In my mind, neither of these 2 factors detract significantly from the positives with this UB. Would easily recommend this as the UB of choice to everyone i come across!