I really wanted to love this laptop and give it 5 stars but I can't. I bought it a week ago and put 16GB memory and a 7200rpm 1TB drive in it. Wow, it's fast and I love it.....when it's working.  I solved the random freezing and shutting down problem and the noisy fan problem by downloading the latest BIOS on Dell's website.  Ok, great.  But now I'm unhappy again because the Wi-Fi works randomly...it works for about 5 minutes, and then drops the connection.  So I have to reboot to get the Wi-Fi working again and the connection back until it drops again.  If I leave my computer for a little while and come back, the Wi-Fi will be disconnected - it's very annoying to have to reboot all the time for this problem.  So I went to Dell's site and downloaded the latest Wi-Fi drivers and installed them.  It helped a little bit and keeps the connection a little longer now, but it's still dropping my connection after 20-60 minutes, even when I'm in the middle of something - it's very annoying.  My sister's old Lenovo, my cell phone, my brother's Acer, and others have no problem keeping connected to the same various Wi-Fi routers as we're traveling, but this laptop's Wi-Fi has a problem.  I can't deal with this problem as I travel a lot and need Wi-Fi reliability.  My 3 year old Dell laptop was great but unfortunately I gave it to a friend and don't have it anymore...I was hoping this one would be as reliable.  It looks like I will have to RMA it and buy something else.  Now I'm here at my friend's house two states away from where I live, and it's dropping me again. Ok, I'm done with this laptop, will find and buy another one and RMA this one. It's getting frustrating now. Sorry Dell or Intel, if you can fix the Wi-Fi issues, then I would love this laptop.*Update - Yes i know about the Intel Centrino Wireless Adapter issues and I've addressed the cause and solutions given by Intel but to no avail.  Still randomly disconnecting.  Here what Intel says about the issue -CauseAn adapter internal error related to power management has occurred. This problem only occurs when some level of adapter power savings mode is enabled.WorkaroundA workaround for the affected releases is to disable all adapter power savings modes. You can do this by  selecting the lowest power management setting, which enables the maximum wireless network performance.Intel also says that the latest driver software fixes the problem - well it didn't fix mine.**Update again - I have the proposed fix for the Intel Centrino Wireless Adapter problem -Here they are:  In the Intel Centrino Wireless-N 2230 Adapter Advanced settings, make the following changes and the wireless disconnection problems hopefully will be eliminated.802.11n Mode = ENABLEDAd Hoc Channel 802.11b/g = 11Bluetooth(R) AMP = DISABLEDMixed Mode Protection = RTS/CTS EnabledRoaming Agressiveness = 5.HIGHESTSleep on WoWLAN Disconnect = DISABLEDTransmit Power = 5.HIGHESTWake on Magic Packet = DISABLEDWake on Pattern Match = DISABLEDWireless Mode = 3. 802.11b/gI hope these settings fix my wi-fi problems.  So with the current BIOS, latest drivers, and these settings, maybe there won't be anymore problems?  I hope I don't have to RMA this laptop because I want to love it. I will give it a few days to determine if everything is fixed now or not.