The first "what if" that you'll ponder pre-order: "What if it's not as bad as people say?"The Vizio is so cheap -- $600 at the time I got mine -- that I figured it was worth risking it just to see if it's really as bad as people say.  "What if I'm one of the people who will mind it's shortcomings?"  "What if the drivers have improved?"  "What if I get a good one?"So it arrived, and sure enough, it turns out I'm one of the people who minds the shortcomings.  I'm a fast typer, so typing is a chore because of all the time fixing mistakes, and because you have to watch super-close for double-taps and missed keys since there's no way to tell by feel whether any given keystroke was clean or not.  This is a mechanical design issue since the keys are so large and flat, but it's also a programming issue because there's no other way to explain why it registers so many double-letters.Also, the TRACK PAD is kinda lame.  (I didn't know how lame until I tried a better computer.)  It's jumpier than I'm used to from Dells I've owned, and the buttons are very stiff.  Plus it's not especially accurate, and there's a lag when you tap.  All very annoying, but..."What if all ultra-thin computers are this bad because they're so thin?"  "What if there's just not enough space for effective input devices?"  The only way to find out would be to test a better computer!So I went for the only glowingly-reviewed ultra-thin I could find with 900 lines resolution, the Samsung Series 9 (15").  More than twice as expensive as the Vizio, but man, it's a different world!  Track pad is amazingly fast and accurate, perfect firmness for clicks, great click action, tap-to-click works fast and great.  Keyboard is predictable and consistent.  Battery lasts forever.  I've never owned a Mac, but now I know what it's like to work on a laptop that seems flawless.  I just have no complaints.Which leads to the final "what if" you'll be asking yourself for the next 1-4 years you'll be asking if you buy the Vizio: "What if I'd just forked over the extra $300 or $600? for a better machine?"  Because every time you use the thing you'll have issues.  These aren't occasional mis-types: they're constant.If cost is a huge issue for you, then maybe you should buy the Vizio.  But then again, there are plenty of laptops that are as cheap as the Vizio, they're just a bit heavier and thicker.  But having tried both the good and the Vizio, I'd take the heavier computer every time, because the Vizio really is difficult to use compared to laptops that actually work well.  The glamour of the super-cool Vizio is simply nothing compared to the pain of actually using it.  And if you do have the bucks to try a Series 9: hello, this thing is amazing.The only thing I liked about the Vizio is the rubberized grippy bottom (almost dropped the Samsung within five minutes of receiving it), but I just slapped some Invisishield material on the bottom of the Samsung so it wouldn't slide off my lap, so now I don't even have that to complain about!