I've been waiting to replace my trusty eeepc 1005HA for a while now, and while looking for another ASUS netbook with a 12 inch screen, all of a sudden Amazon offers this a 13-inch model for very little more than I paid for the 10-inch netbook almost 4 years ago. To be honest, I was expecting to be disappointed because the 1005HA has been so dependable and functional. But the U32U-ES21 is such an enormous improvement that it is really in a class by itself. I am still getting used to it and especially to Windows 7, but here are my first impressions:- the screen angle issue is real, and obvious when compared to the excellent (matte!) LCD screen in the eeepc, but not a huge problem. Maximum brightness is about the same. The view angle might have to do with the U32U screen being LED-backlit, which probably saves battery drain. The much higher resolution and of course the extra "real estate" more than makes up for this, and blacks are richer too.- It's a joy to have the additional keyboard size and especially a more conventional layout of the right side keys. The keys are a bit on the stiff side but I am making far fewer typing mistakes. (The eeepc also had some repeated key problems that I am happy to find absent now). My eeepc had a black-on-white keyboard, which is easier to see in dim light than the new one, but that's only an issue for hunt-and-peck typists in darkened bedrooms, like me.- Fan is much, much quieter and the unit runs cooler than the eeepc!- Windows7 is a great advance over the familiar and reliable but now clunky XP. The 4GB standard RAM seems to handle it fine.- I've had no wi-fi problems at all so far, although I get different strength indications with the 2 laptops side by side.- I have not put them on scales yet, but it is about the same weight as the eeepc with an oversize battery.- Video playback is perfect at full screen, but I have not tried and HD yet.- The Caps Lock and Num Lock lights are very welcome features, avoiding errors and/or the need to install an on-screen program.One star down from perfect because of the stiff keyboard and screen issues, and the truly TERRIBLE Asus website, but really quite an amazing value.  Yes, I have to add that I have never even succeeded in registering my computer, getting access to their cloud storage, or even finding a list of models, on their website. I can only hope that I'll never need any type of real assistance. (Their webpage for driver downloads can't even recognize the model computer - I had to get drivers from other sites!  Boooo ASUS)Six weeks later:  I'm noticing how flexy the keyboard is, but it doesn't matter to me. More worrying is that I had to reinstall the keypad driver a couple of times before I got the 2-finger scrolling feature to work right, and also the default settings have to be changed for it to work right. (Forget about the "Scrybe" junk). And if you switch between a mouse and the trackpad you will find a little program called Change Mouse Speed very useful.To compensate for a slowish AMD CPU I installed another 4 Gb of RAM ($25), and disabled most of the Win7 screen animations. Now I am more than satisfied with the snappy performance, including HD videos (I'm not a gamer). I have rigged all my peripherals into a sort of quick docking station when I am not on the road - mouse, backlit keyboard, big monitor, backup HD. I have some issues with how Win7 handles its "Libraries", and can't for the life of me understand why ASUS makes the "OS" drive partition (C:) the default for data rather than the "Data" partition "D".Maybe that is why the Mac Airbook is so popular - it's not a do-it-yourself project like ASUS always seems to be.Now if Amazon would only quit changing the price every week it will be a great little laptop for about $400.