I purchased this at staples for 479.99 (it was 579.99 here at the time of purchase). this thing runs like a charm, I run all applications with minimal lag.Pros:1. I can run the latest games on low or medium, sometimes even high (like bioshock infinite).2. Even though it is AMD and set to 35 watt, the laptop only gets warm when doing intensive tasks, so it stays nice and cool3. Extremely light weight to carry.4. A really responsive touch pad and keyboard, rarely have I had issues with this.5. The screen is really nice and colorful, surprising for the price and res.6. Part of this is made from aluminum.7. Web cam is really good for a laptop.8. The battery life is not bad, not as good as some of the intel haswell laptops, but I get a nice 5-6 hours with mixed usage with the brightness at 35-45 percent.9. the speakers, it is really loud and clear, especially with the dolby home theater v4. While people complain about them being on the bottom, this is a good thing when on a desk. It will use the desk as an amplifier.10. heat dispersion: the fan ports are on the bottom and in the back, I don't know about you, but this makes me happy, no longer does heat blow on my sides. it blows in the back so i don't feel the heatCons:1. Non-removeable battery, while I don't mind this on phones, with laptops I do. When gaming on it, i like to remove the battery to help keep the longevity of the battery.2. The screen housing is very filmsy and flexes very easily if pushed in the middle, so close only from the corners or edges.3. Glossy screen, Hate this, prefer matte. Glossy shows finger prints and always needing to be cleaned.4. Audio port: They combined the headphone and microphone into a single 4 pin port. so while earbuds with mics will work (besides anything designed for apple), all headsets and gaming headsets that have the 2 ends, (pink/green) you will need an adapter, and they are only 6 bucks.5. BLOATWARE: like all laptops, this thing is loaded with bloatware. Thought besides 4 programs, everything is mostly removeable. only a few acer bloatware are required, and they don't hinder anything, it's mostly a hassle removing the ones that do.6. cheap: Because it is a cheap laptop, that means something was short cutted to reduce cost, Haven't run into an issue yet. mostly paranoia.7. Hard drive: a problem all non-ssd laptops face. crap 5400 rpm hard drives, which causes start up and loading programs to become extremely slow.You're own viewThese are things I find neither bad or good, but I feel should be pointed out and you can decide.1. Video ports: while it does not have a VGA port, it does come with an HDMI and mini display, which you can buy an adapter to convert the Mini display into a vga or even DVI.2: ports continued: The usb ports are all over the place. both sides, and in the back. which is also where the HDMI, mini display, and power port are located.3. touch pad: While very well constructed, the buttons are located under the pad, not 2 distinctive buttons like on some. I find it looks more sleek, but it is hit or miss for some.4. full keyboard. This comes with a full keyboard with a 10 digit keypad, Some like this, some don't.5. some of the function abilities are oddly placed (like clicking fn + f4) to do something, but it didn't stop the flow, just found it unusual.6. Windows 8/8.1: I love windows 8, I will admit there is a learning curve that MS did not really help people through, but once you get the hang of it, windows 7 just appears to perform slower. I do have my complaints about 8, but I still prefer it, not all do.7. power button: it is located on the side, others complain this might cause accidental power shut offs, I haven't come into that problem.8. Screen res; 1366x768. I think this res is just fine on a screen this size, some feel they need 1080p. I don't, but still might sway buyers.9. Acer: I have had many issues with acer in the past in terms of quality control, while have known others to love their stuff. I decided to buy this because I love the AMD APUs and it was a very friendly price tag. So far the build quality is unlike anything i've seen from acer or laptops in this price range.All in all, I would recommend this laptop to anyone. It won't do hard core video rendering, but for business tasks, gamers who like to be on the go a bit more, perfect for college students.5/5any questions, feel free to comment.