I've had one of these for a good 3 or 4 months now with moderate usage. Was a little sad Best Buy only had it in White/Blue; since I wanted White/Green.The good:  - A gorgeous 11.6" HD screen.  - Long battery life.  - Keyboard is AWESOME.  - MicroUSB charging and MyDP/Slimport port.The bad:  - Performance is limited.  - Only USB 2.0 slots.The screen is one of the best laptop screens I've seen. Much more like your typical $400 to $600 tablet and unlike most laptops. In fact, I have seen much worse screens on $1500 laptops!Battery life tends to be long enough that I don't worry. I often see estimates of between 3 and 4 hours and can easily get over 6. Hooked up to a monitor and mouse, I can almost get through a workday with it, using the Chromebook as a Secure Shell (SSH) terminal.Keyboard is something to write home about. If you do a lot of typing, which for me, is 12 to 16 hours a day computer use. You will really appreciate this keyboard and wish you could steal it for other products, lol. This is the kinda laptop you want to use the original keyboard because it is just so good -- rather that dock, slap the lid, and move on.Along with the screen, one reason I chose this over the Samsung model, is the MicroUSB charging. It charges the same way that a standard compliant phone does; read virtually everything in the last several years without an Apple logo. The supplied charger is also a 3A, which is two the three times or more than typical phone chargers. If you use a Slimport / MyDP adapter you can hook it up to a monitor pretty easy too. Works kinda like MHL on a phone, except being DisplayPort based, it works well with VGA/D-SUB, DVI, and HDMI displays; where as MHL goes down hill if your monitor lacks HDMI.The devices processor is the real let down and only strong negative. If you are a regular user, it will likely be fine. For regular web surfing it is perfectly fine. What chokes it is heavy lifting: things like Evernote and Google Plus. Having many Chrome extensions in the background will basically give you a 22~25 second load time on Google+ (2013). I found that removing the Google Voice, Hangouts, and Google Cast extensions really helped. Without any extensions loaded the performance of loading Google+ and Gmail is more like the Celeron 847 based Chromebooks. Google+ can load in under 10 seconds that way. On the upside however thanks to the processor, the battery life is awesome and doesn't go down hill so fast, like every Core i5 machine I've used in the 'Bridge family. Trying to do audio playback and opening a lot of tabs can cause stutters in the output sometimes. That seems to be when the processor cranks up and runs out of headroom, not from having 2GB of RAM.As a consequence of the Exynos 5 Dual SoC, we only get support for USB 2. I would personally like USB 3.0 ports but frankly, for a Chromebook and the price, I can live with that ^_^.If you have any issues with performance, wait for a newer version. A Snapdragon 800 or Exynos 5 Octa design would be a nice upgrade; be it either 2GB or 3GB RAM. I think a more powerful SoC would have been a better deal for this price vs the Samsung mode. But eh, we got an awesome screen and solid build quality.