I've been on the market for a new mac for over a year now.  I've put it off hoping the next year's upgraded version would be better value than the ones released the previous year, but when I found a deal (elsewhere for cheaper) for the exact same spec I pulled the trigger and never regretted it.My work requires me to travel with my computer.  I have been using a 5 year old white macbook with osx snow leopard prior to my purchase, and in my experience macs are reliable, sturdy, highly capable machines which lead me to the decision to stay with mac for this purchase.  I use my computer for basic computing, word processing, excel, power point presentations, pdf files, light photo shopping and video editing.  I'm highly dependent to the internet and send my files and exchange data online regularly.  I've never had to use the dvd/cd drive from my last computer, at least not in the past 3 years, hence I am not sad that they got rid of it on the new retina macbooks.At first glance you notice the quality of the retina display macbook.  It has the same thought of design the previous macs had.  Beautifully crafted, great materials and amazing feel.  Macs just have that quality that makes you reach for that credit card with reckless abandon!  Yes, it is exorbitantly priced compared to most other computers out there in the market but it is worth every penny.  My old mac gave me 5 loyal years of service and until recently when I started noticing lag from the infamous (rainbow colored) wheel of death that shows up everytime my computer fails to compute-- I have not had the need to replace it.  They last long which is great considering how fast the turn over is for electronics these days.  This 13.3 retina mac, while arguably an offering from late 2012 is still very current.  It has the same exact specs as the feb 2013 versions with the exception of the bumped up speed of .1ghz, which in my opinion is highly negligible.  It is also worth noting that this offering was over $500+ dollars more when it was first released at a price point of about $2,199.00 for the same specs offered here.  This is a substantial savings for a highly capable and well made machine.  If you consider the offering they have at the apple store, a feb 2013 macbook retina 13 with 2.5 ghz i5, 8RAM, 256Flash will cost you $1,699.  If you are considering the upgraded version at 3.0 ghz i7, you'll have to pay an additional $200 for the upgrade + tax at about $115.  Just the base model retina 13 is about the same price of this offering for better specs.  A no brainer in my opinion if you are already set in purchasing a new mac anyway.Performancewise, I have no complaints. The new trackpad took a bit of getting used to as I was accustomed to the old model track pad with the left and right click buttons on the bottom but other than that, everything about this mac is just perfect.  The display is stunning specially for doing editing work and even just reading documents.  The details just pop out and are absolutely superb.  I tried watching a subpar quality movie online and even that looked great on the retina.  The i7 dual core 2.9 ghz processor gives this machine an umph that i've never experienced before using other computers.  It is speedy and very responsive.  It can take multitasking jobs easily without issues, load videos quickly and can even do light gaming without a hitch.  Overall, this is just a well made computer that's worth every penny.  You won't regret getting it I assure you.  So, if you're in the market for a new computer... get this one!  Great value, great price for a super reliable product.