Unfortunate that other folks have had negative experiences. I have not.I've had mine for about 9 months now, I use it as a professional 'moving-workstation', doing a lot of heavy creative development work, (Adobe Suite, 3D graphics, Motion Tracking etc.)Hardware: A+. The GFX card combined with the generous default RAM and Processor set up have enabled me to do everything I need to, and I do some fairly heavy duty graphics work. The monitor is bright and crisp. I recently upgraded the machine to 16GB ram and it is now performing even better. I have done some 3D gaming on the machine and it holds up comparably to its specs. The 1TB harddrive has been more than enough for my needs. I considered swapping it out for an SSD, but at this point the extra space is more valuable than the speed.Sound: Good enough. I don't watch movies that much on it, but when I do, the sound is good. I have only used the subwoofer attachment once, because I don't think it added enough value to merit carrying it around.Nits: The keyboard could be better. I love having a full keyboard with num-pad, because I can do a lot of shortcut key work using the num pad, but I do wish it could have had chicklet style keys (not possible with this screen size and also including a numpad, they did the best they could given the form factor).The trackpad multi touch is good but not Apple good. I hate Apple stuff for a lot of reasons, but they are simply the leaders in multi-touch responsiveness and reliability. Asus gets close with this, and the multitouch is functional and adds a lot of efficiency. It's reliable, but it's not delightful.The DVD eject button is very difficult to press, I usually have to lift the machine up and look at the button to find it before I can press it. However, I honestly have only needed optical media a handful of times since I got the machine.There is a fair amount of bloatware, but I have not uninstalled it as they all seem to be serving a valuable purpose (eg. USB charging when the machine is off, Instant On and battery management).The glossy lid material sucks. It's a fingerprint magnet. I do wish it was matte.It is not a very solid feeling machine (eg. an aluminium MBP), it feels plastic in the lid area, but it is actually quite solid. It has held up fine (no drops or abuse at my end, but I do travel a lot by plane (including international travel), and it has taken all that moving around without so much as a ding or scratch)./NitsThe keys on the left hand side that shortcut to various items do not bother me. I rarely press them accidentally (as they are too stiff to do so), but I also only use the volume control keys and the rest just take up space.Instant On is very reliable and works excellently. I love it.HDMI out is a great +, and have used it often. USB 3 and the USB always-on charger port have also been great things to have. My phone died while I was out on a job in the middle of a chaotic environment, ran a cable from my backpack into my pocket, and made it through the rest of the day. Got on a plane and my phone was near dead, plugged it in and napped through the flight, disembarked with a fully charged phone and barely a dent in my battery life on the laptop.Heat management is quite good. It runs hot when the GPU really goes to work, as you would expect, but even then it is not so hot as to be uncomfortable to hold on your lap while working. During normal use the temperature is nominal.The power management is fairly good, I get 5-6 hrs of regular use, 2-3 hours of heavy use (Video editing etc.) Standby seems to last forever... Long enough for a regular use machine If you are looking for a machine with a longer battery life, you would need to compromise on power and weight. This is a good balance of power, weight and battery life. I love the fact that the battery does not charge if it is plugged in and the level is >97%. Thank you ASUS for protecting me from unnecessary battery decay.It's not light, it's not unbearably heavy. It is not a light machine, but again, this is a powerful workstation, and so portability is sacrificed slightly.Overall, and for the cost, if you need a gaming rig or a 3d/2d graphics workstation on a budget, and are willing to making some partial sacrifices in the battery life and scale departments, this machine simply cannot be beat. I have a MacBook Pro from my office and I absolutely loath using it for graphics work as opposed to this bad boy, it is SO much snappier and more stable.Why then, a 4 star review and not 5 stars?1) Glossy lid, matte would have made my machine look cleaner and feel cleaner.2) Not chicklet style keyboard (I know it would not have been possible, but I still wish for it).3) More more more more/Less less less less. More battery life. Less weight. Possible? Probably not, but again, I wish for it.4) I wish the multitouch was more 'delightful' to use (but it is fully usable in its current state).