I'm a big fan of HP products. I've owned 4 HP notebooks and 3 printers over the last 10 years. I've also owned a Dell, Averatec, and Toshiba laptop over the same time period.Pros:1) Numeric keypad. The keys are a little slimmer than keypads on other notebooks (i.e. Toshiba and Sony models) but it isn't too hard to get used to. I use this a lot.2) Good battery life. I haven't fully drained it yet, but it looks like it's at least 3 hours/.3) Runs cool. I can use it for hours on my lap and it doesn't experience the heating issue my previous HP and Averatec laptops ran into.4) Overall, for a budget laptop, the overall build feels like a good quality.5) eSATA6) Remote - I never use these, but I may this time since it also has a HDMI output.Cons:1) The BIOS is locked. This is kind of annoying. I don't mean you can't get into it, but merely, some of the features or options aren't made available. I've never seen a BIOS this limited (and I've owned a lot of notebooks [see above] and desktop systems. This probably won't matter to most people though.2) As odd as it sounds, HP technical support told me it won't support a SATA SSD. I've read some laptops have problems with this.. I haven't actually tried this myself but I probably will. I'm hoping HP support just doesn't know what they're talking about and just don't see it in the supported hardware list.3) When the notebook goes into sleep mode, I get weird horizontal lines that forces me to reboot. I've tried refreshing the display, having it output to an external display, changing resolution, etc - but those methods don't work. This may just be my laptop or a driver issue.4) Easy to get fingerprints all over it (probably due to HP's finish).5) Dust seems to be very noticeable on HP's finishNotes/Neutral:1) Doesn't utilize a latch on the lid to lock it in place. The lid close tightly though.2) No USB or other I/O ports on back of laptop. It only has 3 USB ports.3) Power cable is on the right side of the laptop towards the back.4) Audio ports are on the front right and there are two headphone jacks. This seems fairly typical of a lot of HP notebooks but I've never had to use it. Still nice to have.5) There is a docking station expansion port on the left. Haven't tried it yet (don't own a dock), but at least you know it's compatible with a docking station.6) No modem. This doesn't bother me but for those of you who still use dial-up might want to know this.7) Does come with 802.11n and works as expected.Overall, I think this is a good notebook for a student or someone like me who doesn't do much with his notebook but tosses and abuses it a lot during travel.UPDATE: 14 June 2010Okay, so I bought a OCZ 60GB SSD. I didn't think it seemed right that I couldn't upgrade to it, so I figured it was a calculated risk. Anyway, the SSD works fine. There are a few issues to consider though... The recovery DVD you made will not install to a smaller drive, so you'll need something like Norton Ghost to do it. I looked into using free utilities and couldn't find any (i.e. Clonezilla, Partition Wizard, etc). Or, you need to buy a regular copy of Windows 7 and install it from scratch.The boot times do improve significantly. I don't know if it's worth it, but my laptop now completely boots up in about 30 seconds. Applications start almost immediately. However, I would probably avoid the upgrade again only because I miss having the drive space.Also keep in mind, if you do upgrade to a SSD to optimize it. There are a few tutorials online that tell you how to edit your registry to get the most out of it.This also means HP tech support loses a star since they told me it wasn't possible.While I was reloading the factory install, I did notice that there is a minimal install of the OS. It does come with some HP utilities, but a lot less. So I definitely recommend that you re-install if you don't like having too many applications preloaded. It takes about an hour.