I bought the Snow White version of the HP Chromebook 14 for my mom because she only needs to check her emails, Google search and Youtube. But before she will receive it I had to see firsthand how is to be on a Chromebook, is it enough for me? And, to my surprise, yes, this is enough for everything I do at home, which is basically leisure/entertainment. So, in the following review I'll put emphasis mostly on the things other people reviews didn't cover well.First, for people complaining about "ONLY" 16GB of SSD storage, you have an SD card slot that can accommodate SDHC and SDXC cards. I bought a Sony 64GB SDXC Class 10 UHS-1 R40 Memory Card which is perfectly functional and very fast. SDXC cards can go up to 256GB in storage so you can have plenty of space in case you want to have lots of movies/music/pictures/documents available offline.The screen is very good if you don't want to share the content with other people who may not have the best viewing experience if they see it from sides.You have an HDMI port so you can see the screen on a big monitor (unlike the 11" version of this Chromebook).Trackpad use is almost the same as the one from the macbook air  (pinching for zooming in and out is missing on the Chromie trackpad).I was very interested to explore the Chromebook concept and see how many things I can do online in the Chrome browser environment (of course you do not need a chromebook for that). The reason I write this is that a Chromebook is as good as the apps which are available for your needs. So here is my conclusion:In Google drive you can create documents, excel spreadsheets and presentations which are available offline. The complexity of the programs doesn't compare with Microsoft Office but can cover 99% of your needs. And this software is developing continuously.Reading ebooks: you can find apps for reading in the ePub format (see Readium, Magic Scroll and others). If you bought a Kindle book then you can use Cloud Reader to open it. But if you have .mobi, .lit and other eBooks in your personal library you'll have to convert them to the ePub format with an online file converter (check online-convert.com, which can convert any kind of file from one format to any other format, this is very important to know when using a Chromebook at this stage).Picture editing: use Pixlr Editing, but for a more professional app you can use Gimp 2.8, the free equivalent of Photoshop, and it runs in a Chrome browser (basically it opens in a new browser window so when it's opened it looks like the installed software on Macs or PCs).You can find sites online that let you edit your videos, same for editing sound if you need that. Chromebook can not open videos in wmv format but you can convert them to .mov, .avi or other compatible formats (see above, converter).Use Google Hangouts instead of Skype (If you want to use Skype (or VLC) you can install Linux in a chroot environment (Crouton), but this defies the purpose of using a Chromebook in terms of security, you have to let go old habits...).Now, can I use a ChromeBook for my professional work? Absolutely not! But as soon as I'm home, after a while, I forget I am on a Chromebook and not on my Macbook air (I didn't reach for this one for 4 days but I like it better because is lighter, well... for a price...).Remember that Chromebook is a concept that evolves in time, it's designed to get better, faster, more comprehensive and more secure as time passes. I am very impressed with what it can do today but you can only imagine what the possibilities are in a not so far away future.PS Does Microsoft have reasons to fear Google Chromebooks and Chrome OS? You bet! See, now you have FREE Microsoft Office available for Android and iOS...