My company purchased 2 units because we're reaching our refresh cycle on our user machines and are thinking about switching to one of the new ultra books since we travel significantly and they're specs are more than enough for the typical user and the weight is a great benefit. They come with a fair amount of branded junk on them, but no worse than anything else from other manufacturers. We purchased the model with the core I7 (1.7GHz), 124Gb SSD, 4GB RAM and at the time was shipping with windows 7 home premium. the first unit was configured and is running with no problems, but the second unit has an issue with the display so that the on board screen only shows random colorbars, but the unit sends an image to an external monitor correctly. If you do purchase a unit not running windows professional or higher, you'll need to either upgrade your version to be able to join your network or if you have a corporate license, wipe the machine and do a fresh install. We have a corporate key, but microsoft won't allow you to use a corporate key on the upgrade anytime feature so I purchased another key. The 1st machine has been in use for about 1 month thus far with no complaints (running office, vpn software, corporate antivirus suite and a few other corporate apps). I'm waiting on a response from tech support about handling the unit with the malfunctioning screen (I just began the build yesterday so it's only been 24 hours since I submitted the complaint). If all goes well with the handling of either repairing or swapping the unit then we may purchase more so I'll have a larger sample size for observation. One minor problem is that the SSDs that came in the units were formatted using GUID instead of MBR and the encryption software I normally deploy only supports MBR, so it looks like I'll be giving bitlocker a try. On a side note, I also own a Samsung Series 9 (one of my personals) and I have zero complaints thus far with that unit.To follow up my earlier review I will lower my rating of these units and say they definitely shouldn't be used in a business environment. My company purchased 6 units total and here's a list of issues:1. screws fell out of the bottom of unit #1 (cosmetic, but speaks to build quality)2. unit #2 had a screen problem upon arrival and had to be sent back to have the onboard screen replaced (took about 7 months to get the unit back) also had power supply die after a few months of use which I replaced with a store brand, has been fine since.3. Unit #3 has an issue causing the display to flicker and has lost the ability to output video to a 2nd monitor (it's the unit, not the adaptor).4. the adaptor that is used to connect to a 2nd monitor has malfunctioned on unit #45. unit #5 went into a sleep/hibernation state and will not restart so it needs to be sent in for repair.6. unit #6 has been problem free.Based on that I cannot recommend these machines and our company has already switched to the Dell Latitude 6430u.