This review contains my impressions after a few weeks of the product's use and what options might be considered.This is a solid product that offers good tablet experience. The screen is adequate and responsive. The computer itself is really fast. Boot times are fast as well as shutdowns. I am not a big gamer but I played some market place games and they run fine. Most likely, games that are designed for desktop would have some delay. However, the tablet runs all applications including office without any problems. Video, including HD, runs very smoothly on the device as well. Battery life of the device is as promised or may be even better. I was able to run the device for whole day, about 14 hours total on and off use, without charging and still had 20% left. I watched a few HD movies, browsed the Internet on and off, spend a few hours on my homework, and played a few games. This is exactly what I need out of any tablet.Of course, what makes it all happen is Windows 8.1, and it is a very good improvement over version 8. I like the changes they made and SkyDrive integration is very welcomed. On the other note, I do like reading mode application provided by Asus. I did uninstall all other Asus apps.However, there are few things that I don't like about this machine. Windows button is strangely positioned on the side by the volume rocker. There is usual windows logo on the bottom of the device but it does not do anything. I might have gotten a defective device but that is how it functions. I am still planning to look into it. Enabling hard drive encryption made the computer to stop working and I had to reinstall everything. I need to ask Microsoft about that.There are options of what you can buy instead of this device. You can go for Surface 2 or upcoming Nokia 2520. Surface has a nice screen but I don't like Win RT and Surface is slower, much slower. I was able to play with T100 and Surface 2 at a store and there was noticeable difference to how faster T100 is. Nokia 2520 has faster processor than Surface but it is yet to be seen. However still a mobile processor with Win RT. Of course, money is the issue. Surface 2 is $450 with 32GB of HD and no keyboard. It would cost close to $600 or even more to get similar configuration to T100, and all it would provide is higher screen resolution, but still slower performance. On the other hand, Nokia 2520 will offer LTE connectivity and that might be important, but any laptop/tablet can connect to the internet without extra fees by sharing phone connection. Nokia 2520 will have a really nice screen, but at supposedly $500 it will only offer 32 GB of HD and no keyboard. That is why it will cost around $600-$650 to get similar configuration to what T100 offers for $400. All it will provide is LTE connectivity, much nicer screen, nice design and perhaps similar performance, but still Win RT. Next in line is Dell Venue 11. It looks very promising and might be a really good choice. The price was just lowered to $500 for the base configuration that will offer 64 GB of HD and faster processor than T100. In addition it will include full HD screen.  However, it appears that the device is promised to have 8-10 hours of battery life and, with my previous Dell experience, we are looking at about 7.5 hours. However, I might be wrong. This tablet looks like a good choice at slightly higher price where you are looking to spend about $150-$200 to get similar configuration to T100 but better specs. The is one problem that stopped me from Dell Venue 11 is the size. I find 11" form factor a bit uncomfortable and Dell weights 1.6 lbs vs. 1.2 for Asus. Dell Venue 8 looks good too but 8" is kind of small for my needs, but a really good option for a tablet. I am sure many more are coming and may prove to be even better choices but T100 is a good tablet with good options at an attractive price point.It is important to note that T100 is the lightest as the tablet out of presented choices, except for Venue 8.