We resisted buying most portable computers in the 1980s and 1990s because I really wanted something useful, not a toy I paid a lot for. In the late 1990s, we got a Sony VAIO that made it possible for us to work on the road, graphics, layout, web editing, we updated to another VAIO and went through a couple of lighter weight smaller versions before we switched to OSX in the mid 2000s.  Our first Mac notebooks were the black 2008 macbooks, solid laptop, good keyboard, a little slow for video processing (turned into an overheating jet engine with zero battery life when playing a 3D game).We recently purchased a Macbook air 13 (2010) from Amazon and we are VERY pleased with it so far (3 weeks).  It's noticeably faster doing everything than the 2008 macbook (2.4ghz). We run Eclipse (including java dev), Adobe CS4, IRC, Firefox, Thunderbird, quicktime video, etc. We don't do video editing of anything more than trimming.  The MBA 1.86ghz MC503LL/A has outperformed what we hoped for it.The screen is great, the keyboard is a slight upgrade over our macbook 2008 black, the built-in speakers are better and louder, the screen is sharper, the price was lower, the SSD makes for some operations that are very quick.  The body feels really sturdy. I am actually amazed at how much like I like the single trackpad button, it Just Works in the way that Apple claims for their products (and is often not true).The weight is a little on the heavy side compared to other brands of smaller computers, which have plastic bodies, but it has a really pleasant feel in the hand. I spent two hours in the doctor's office just *waiting* and I was able to be productive using a USB WWAN device, working in Terminal and Eclipse, despite not having a desk and working on my lap on a crappy little chair.Cons:Obviously the machine isn't really serviceable, it's more of a disposable single use unit, hopefully it will survive for a couple years. This is, by far, my favorite laptop/portable I've ever owned. I love the smaller power adapter.I would have preferred an ethernet port on it, I've had to use a USB->ethernet converter a couple times. I would probably have gone for a slightly larger battery if I were the engineer, it definitely drains the battery faster than seems pleasant to run video, perhaps a driver upgrade could improve that in some futile hope for the future.Where's my backlit keyboard?WWAN : The main complaint I have about the device is that it should have some Apple-quality engineered way to use a WWAN (cell internet) device without it hanging off the side or top in some ugly, annoying way. Of course, I'd want it to be a card slot, rather than built in, because everyone will have different needs and the current crop of WWAN devices is turning over faster than the laptop tech.  But, still, it is a crime to take a USB device and attach it with a cord to this thing while sitting outside an 802.11 network range.It can play Civ 5, though it's a little slow compared to current desktop offerings. I would not count on the MBA 13 to be able to play WoW in a way that would make most gamers happy... of course unless you're comparing it to not having a computer you can play it on at all. All signs point to buying a thicker, stronger MBP if you want to do that much in your lap.Overall, this machine is highly recommended. Work yes, play yes, feels like my laptop bag is empty in comparison to carrying the 2008 MacBook. I'm so glad we went for this instead of a full MacBook Pro 13.