I would do a huge feature analysis as usual, but there is a huge wealth of external product reviews and features analyses available for this laptop, so I'll just discuss the features I personally use and care about.This laptop is very light, very thin, and really does get great battery life. It lasts about 8 hours for me, and I am I suppose what you would call a "power user" (programming, lots of browsers open, music playing, external monitor, etc.), so I am quite pleased.The performance is not at the level of a full-fledged Core 2 Duo laptop, but it is leaps and bounds ahead of the Atom processor (I also have a netbook). The graphics card can indeed play 720p and 1080p movies, but not as smoothly as an Nvidia graphics card. 2-D and 3-D rendering are also not as smooth, and external monitor and TV support is not as good as I would like. Intel graphics cards seem to pump out really high-contrast and high-sharpness output to external displays. Regardless, I was well aware of the fact that this laptop had an Intel graphics card, so this stuff really doesn't count against the review.The touchpad does have issues with registering palm touches. I've heard of utilities you can install to circumvent this issue, I just haven't looked into them yet. I also installed Ubuntu on it, and the touchpad is even worse. It registers ANY touch at all. Sometimes I don't even notice I have touched it. Yet again, I have not looked into a solution (haven't been using Linux much this past month), just thought it would be useful to mention. The multitouch features are very handy though - love the two-finger scrolling and the three-finger right click. From a design sense, I like how the touchpad is flush with the casing, although I do admit my hand will sometimes slip off the pad and I don't notice right away. Not often though. The mouse buttons are kind of hard to press, but I really don't care because I mainly use tapping.If you do use a Linux distribution often, the drivers in the Ubuntu distros for the wifi card are not spectacular. I get lots of disconnects. I tried to hunt down a better version back in October to no avail, although I should probably check again, since it is a newer wifi chipset and a new driver may have been released...The keyboard is really stellar. The key sizes are consistent and well-spaced. Typing is really quite nice on it.The screen sucks, although I am picky. I also don't count this against the review, since less expensive laptops never have nice screens (with the exception of ASUS's 1005HA netbook). Viewing angles are limited, but there is a sweet spot that is pretty tolerable.You can purchase the UL30VT-X1 for $150 more if you want overclockability and Nvidia GT210M graphics. In the end, I wish I would have, as a nicer video card and faster CPU would hit the sweet spot for me (although it wasn't available when I purchased this). However, this is a lot of laptop for the price, and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for something faster than a netbook with great battery life and portability.