A little about myself:I am a college senior and a very techie geek. I've went through ALOT of laptops and other electronics. I've used this guy for about a week now. It's been a very positive experience.PROS:1. Battery life. I took this guy to my 8 hour workplace, and after the entire day of light use, it STILL had around 40% left. The previous MacBooks usually would be around 5%.2. Screen. Absolutely stunning. Less glare, more pixels. The stuff on the screen looks painted on. You may have experience the Retina display on an iPhone, but it's a different experience on a bigger screen.3. Speed. i5 + SSD is no joke. It'll zip through everyday tasks like a champ.4. Build quality. One of the best built laptops ever made, and I expect no less from Apple. I prefer this retina's build quality over the older macbook pros and airs because it doesn't make ANY sound. The other older models seems to have a slight creak, this one doesn't. They also made it slimmer and lighter than the 2012 retina. Also love the thinner bezels.5. GPU. The integrated Iris 5100 graphics card is surprisingly powerful. It has a whole 1GB of VRAM. Still can't run the latest games with respectable FPS and texture settings, but it can handle more than an integrated graphics card should.6. Trackpad. This is the #1 reason I prefer any Macbook made after 2009 over Windows laptops. The trackpad is just absolutely amazing. Even after all these years, I have not had one Windows laptop that can match the Mac's trackpad.CONS:1. Speakers. I wish Apple would improve the speakers on the 13" MacBooks, but then it might get even more expensive. Speakers just don't sound nice at all, but then again it is a very thin 13" laptop.2. I feel like they should've added more USB ports instead of having 2 Thunderbolt ports.CONCLUSION:With the price drop, it's much more competitive. The price was the reason I didn't get the 2012 models, simply way overpriced. The new prices made me bite.  If you are looking for a secondary computer to your main desktop, BUY THIS ONE. I prefer this macbook retina over the Air any day. With only a couple hundred more, you get a better screen, faster processor, better GPU, and better build quality (Thinner bezels). The Air does have more battery life but who really needs 13 hours of battery life?I decided to sell mine because this is my ONLY computer. In the end, I overestimated how much I could store in the 128gb SSD. In this day and age, 128gb SSD is just too small if you're planning on using it as your main machine. So like I said, buy this if it's your SECONDARY machine. If it's your primary machine I would say go with a bigger hard drive.All in all, I loved my time with it, but had to let it go because of the limited storage. I ended up getting an older model Macbook Pro with the traditional HDD, and immediately I disliked the screen that I once loved. Once you go Retina you do not go back! The best laptop I've ever had the pleasure of using.EDIT:Another con I found for Macs in general: External mouse in Mac OS feels weird. I'm used to gaming on Windows, and gaming on Mac just feels terrible, mostly because Macs uses a higher mouse acceleration setting...Probably the same reason why the trackpad feels so nice. Installing Windows in bootcamp is a must for gamers.