I got this earlier today in unscathed packaging. Un-boxed it, inserted the battery, plugged it in and pressed the power button.....did not turn on. I was ready with a refrigerator magnet in hand; I swiped it back and forth along the lower edge of the laptop, right under the trackpad. Pressed the power button again and I was on my way.Construction: Very hefty-I would hate to drop this on my foot--and very solid..I liken the build to a tank. The keyboard is pretty nice--the keys are cushy, but not so sensitive that accidental presses happen. The trackpad is lacking a bit, due to a noticeable friction and the buttons require a bit too much force for my taste--but really, who uses a trackpad for gaming? I plugged in a mouse immediately. The three buttons on the top left are a nice touch (left toggles the backlit keyboard's brightness levels, middle adjusts laptop performance, for those who do not want to use OCing software and the right switches screen presets) and still keep with the aesthetic of simplicity. The arrow buttons are about two-thirds the size of normal keys--it may be a gripe for some, but not a huge deal to me. On the sides of the laptop are plenty of connections which I'm not going into detail here--check out Amazon's spec page for that. The AC cable is an issue, though. It is RIGHT where a right-handed mouse would be--big oversight on Asus's part. Also, the AC connector is not L-shaped--do NOT bump that or you'll muff up the inside connection. I thought I'd mention how HUGE the AC brick is--roughly around the size of two PSPs stacked on top of each other.Software: Okay, seriously, this thing comes pre-loaded with A LOT of bloatware--my favorite was the Blu-ray software for a laptop without it. Clean out that junk and you'll notice a nice speed increase. Let me say that it doesn't approach Alienware's level of bloat, but for Asus, it's a bit out of the ordinary. I don't see a reason to dock a star because of this--it's something to expect and is unrelated to the product.Hardware: To start this out, this is NOT a top of the line gaming laptop--for a lot of you, this is a deal-breaker. But, with that out of the way, I am very satisfied with the performance. The combination of 8 gigs RAM, I7 and 7200RPM hard drive keeps things snappy. If you're looking for something faster, throw in an SSD. The 460M is great--doesn't max out BF3, but it'll still deliver smooth gameplay with graphics that top current consoles. If you want an EXTRA boost, install ThrottleStop (google it), click on options, tick the "Unlock Bi-Directional PROCHOT" checkbox, click ok, then click "Turn on." You'll notice a nice frame-rate boost and also less dips in the frame-rate. It'll raise the GPU's temperature slightly, but the fans on this laptop are quite the showstoppers. Always around room temperature under any load--very quiet, too. I have nothing to say about the DVD drive--it's basic and does what it's supposed to.Battery: About 2 hours for me with everything on high performance. Short, but nice, for a quick session without the AC cable in the way.Overall: Fantastic product by Asus--the fourth one I've used--their quality just keeps getting better. I'll stick with them for a while.P.S. Shortly after I bought this, the price increased by $400. I'm recommending this product at its sale price ($900) not at its current price. Get the G74SX for just a little more.