I've owned several different versions of Asus laptops since 2008 and had nothing but problems with every single one. It's true that when you put a lot of high tech performance parts in such a small package that your going to run into issues. This is NOT a desktop that you can just play all day, buy cooling systems for it, replace this, replace that. These machines just aren't made for hour upon hour of gaming. Also the BSOD happened on every Asus i ever had. I work on computers and have never had so many problems with one brand. The only one i liked that lasted the longest(but still had small issues) was the G71 model. Other than the fore mentioned they have, DVD-malfunctions, won't read or burn discs. Had 4(that went back for wireless and no mouse pad response issues). Other quirky things including some issues that may have not been the computers fault (human, or packaging error) were, smashed down or unresponsive keys. Very common. The web cam on the first i ever bought was very bad and ended up having lines going through it, or just not working at all. So do i hate Asus, well no i commend them for their efforts and they make solid built machines, but they really need to pay closer attention to the users and the issues they have with these machines.The vast improvements that were suppose to be rectified in the G73 never happened, i bought one last year when they appeared at BB, and wow what a mess. Overheated, even with the new venting system in the back. The screen was barely bright enough to even recommend, or say it was an LED, it just looked horrible. Also that model had what's called the dreaded grey screen of death due to the ATI card, and new drivers and a patch had to be issued. My advice is stick with desktop if you want the true hardcore gaming experience, if not i would go with Toshiba Qosmios, or Alienware. Will you run into problems with these laptops as well? Sure, but i'll be not nearly as many as with Asus. I actually stick with Acer, the underdog, they have no gaming laptops, but i don't use mine for that, and it runs flawless, along with Emachines, whom Acer bought out. I also have an Acer gaming rig that hasn't had the slightest issue, it's big, well vented and runs like a beast.So while you may not think i'm reviewing this model computer i am, mine just had the older Duo Core processor and the GTX 260 card which on paper is slightly even more powerful than the GTX 360 on paper. After having it(same color, body, everything) i can tell you i don't need to own this one just because it has an I7, because the processor isn't the problem. It's a design flaw, or many that keep these computers from being a reliable gaming laptop. Until these are fixed(if ever), well stick with the big boy desktop. Funny Asus is(was) rated number one for reliability, makes you wonder who makes those comparisons. Maybe the budget laptops, but not these.ALSO ANOTHER NOTE: Many PC games out there still have compatibility issues with Laptops GPUS. Read box before buying one. Or downloading it.