I used to buy iPad only, but after Windows 8.1 I changed my mind. I have many iPads at home for my 7-year-old for the learning and entertainment purposes. However, I wish I could buy a notebook, both for my son and myself for productivity and project purposes, that can last the whole day without charging in between. And I've looked around the market for 2 years, today I finally found it at a very reasonable price point. I bought ASUS VivoTab one month ago and tested all sorts of functionality. It has been doing good, but not excellent. My son installed Minectaft Computer Version and it was running so slow that he couldn't even play it at all in the most desktop environment of Java Runtime/Virtual Machine.One month later now it comes to the market this little cute ASUS Transformer Book t100. To make sure its computing power, I went to Best Buy yesterday first to install Minecraft with Java and it runs perfectly smoothly, which means you can count on this tiny "Netbook" to do heavy-duty gaming or graphical design. At this price, you buy the fastest tablet in the marketplace, which sounds like a steal.And also, the full function keyboard can make you productivity suite run perfectly on the most portable machine. I've tried to buy a bluetooth keyboard and a bluetooth Mouse for my past ASUS VivoTab Smart ME400C, but it's very awkward and the bluetooth connection often lost from time to time. So, I decided next time I would like a tablet with the Original-But-Not-Bluetooth-Connection Keyboard.And this is it - ASUS T100, which is a fast computer even faster than my wife's working computer Thinkpad, with a free office pre-installed. Also I did a deep research and found 1080p is not good for Wireless Display function. 1366x768 resolution makes Wireless Display function work perfectly since 1080p Miracast Wi-Fi connection often drops due to several times larger real-time network data transfer than in the 1366x768 mode.Try to think, when you get in your office, your monitor, full-sized keyboard and mouse will be wirelessly connected to this fancy little cutie automatically; When you walk in a presentation room, you can use the big TV screen mounted on the wall in the mirroring mode as a second screen, wirelessly or via and HML-to-HDMI cable. When you go back home, your kid can unplug the keyboard to play Windows-Specific tablet games or just leave the original keyboard plugged to play tons of Legacy Online Java-based Learning Games.At this price, basically you got a so-far-the-fastest tablet, a free original keyboard, a free Office, sounds too good to be true. Actually, in terms of Wireless Display function, I got a better notebook on ASUS t100 even than my 14" HP notebook with an I3 core, because my I3 HP hotebook processor can't support Wireless Display function at all.After I placed this order, I went to eBay buying a Samsung Pro 64GB micro SDXC for just a measly $21, then I got 128GB tablet+keyboard+Office in total so that I can download any youtube kids learning stuff as my son wants. For iPad Air at 128GB with a keyboard, you have to pay more than $1000, but it's still a toy, not as open as in the Windows Legacy platform. But this ASUS t100 can get my Word, Excel and Powerpoint jobs done on the go with my Verizon LG G2 phone's hotspot function anywhere anytime.Without Microsoft's distressed support, ASUS can't release a good product like this, because Microsoft is spending $400 million promotion to sell 16 million tablets like this over this holiday season. Compared to iPad Air, you only pay 1/3 price but can strike a good balance between home entertainment and work productivity.By the way, don't think the highest screen resolution is boon for customers all the times: I bought iPad 3 and it stutters once for every 5 minutes or so lasting almost an entire year and then Apple upgraded iOS three times I feel better, but after Apple forced me to upgrade to iOS 7, my iPad 3 stutters again now. I dug into the stuttering reason, I found it's the GPU/CPU A6X computing power issue, because iPad 3 uses 2048x1536 resolution, but its GPU is too slow to support, it can only run games at less than 30fps at ~17fps, making the stuttering issue happen all the time from day one. And Apple's Lemon Design has damaged Apple's reputation a bit and Apple has dumped iPad 3 like S***, making it the shortest-lived product in Apple's history.The only downside is the touch pad works not good enough. Because notebook at this small form factor, ASUS has combined two touchpad keys into one piece: this makes touchpad work stickily. You can try to lift your thumb higher to not touch he touchpad when you use your index finger to move the cursor around. Or you just plugin a USB mouse to solve this issue forever.Also, the full-sized USB port is very useful since past microUSB port can't read normal USB portable hard drive because tablet microUSB has no power output to power up a normal mechanical drive. Now, I'm waiting Intel-powered next generation phone so that Microsoft can combine Windows, RT and Phone three together into one product. By then, I guess within a few years, your phone will have a computing power simply as powerful as a desktop so that you can carry your pocket super computer anywhere anytime with a 24/7 wireless connection.To cut the price tag down, ASUS did cut a lot of functions: compared to past version Vivotab Smart, it lacks rear camera and many sensors like NFC Gyro... All in all, this will become ASUS's next Nexus 7 blockbuster, consolidating its No.3 position in the tablet world in the global market.