I'm an IT professional, been developing websites going on 8 years and program for a few companies. I am also a full time college student returning to college in a few weeks a Penn State University.With that being said, I know everything about computers. Long story short - I have a very high end custom built water cooked Windows desktop. I love it, but I also like having a portable laptop for certain situations as well as a back up computer. Amongst this, many of my work partners/customers use Mac, and often I cannot test and see things they do. A few years ago I had a Macbook Pro on lease from my old college and loved it. After shopping around in the laptop markets (as well as owning about four laptops in the past already), I decided to go Apple.I ordered mine from Apple.com, not Amazon. But mine was custom ordered, 13" screen with the Intel Core i7 upgrade. Another reason I ordered it direct from Apple which I recommend to others - beings I'm a college student, I was able to get a $50 discount, $100 giftcard for app's, and the CPU upgrade was $10 cheaper!The pros:- Mountain Lion OSX, compared to Leopard which I last used is a nice step up and upgrade- Fantastic camera with great picture quality- Great screen, nice and bright- Lightweight, sold aluminum body-  Quiet keyboard with backlighting- EXTREMELY FAST boot up time (faster than my custom desktop which has a Corsair Force GT SSD)`Great magsafe power adapter still the best power adapter for laptops on the marketThe Cons- No DVD drive- Wish it had a HDMI output instead of forcing me to buy the firewire adapter- Great speakers but sound quality could be a tad better- Wish there was a 15" screen optionThe cons are very easily overlooked. This is a fantastic laptop. If you want THE BEST, this is it. Lightweight, portable, and ridiculous battery life that last all day and charges full in a couple hours. The i7 does run a little hotter if you choose that version, but it's not that bad and only runs hot if you are running alot of applications or anything.COMPETITIONI compared this to several new touch-screen models of the Windows 8 tablets. To be honest, I had Windows 8 on another laptop of mine. I hated it. I also compared this to the Google Chromebook. I was eyeing the Chromebook up for several months because of it's awesome price. But I read many bad reviews on the Chromebook about it's cheap plastic, poor battery life, and other anomalies.FINAL THOUGHTSThis laptop is worth the price. It's awesome. I love all the interfaces out there. Linux, Unix, Windows, and Mac OSX. Personally, I think Mac hit the nail on the head with laptops. I think their desktops are outrageously overpriced (in terms of the hardware) and I'm not a fan of the iPad/iPHone and other apple products. But I love the laptops. Lastly, if it wasn't for the lack of support for certain games/applications, I would consider dropping Windows completely for Mac OSX. The operating system is great. It's so much more friendly and intuitive than windows.  Yes, it IS unix with a facelift. But Mac is it's own thing, it's got a slightly different architecture and it is a great OS.