Before I heard about this laptop series, I thought about purchasing a MacBook Air. I really wanted an ultra light notebook.Then I went to J&R; in New York and saw the demo laptop of the new Titan Silver Series 9 by Samsung, both the 13 and the 15 inch.I was very impressed by the build in Duralumin. Similar build to the MacBook Air. That is the kind of build i really wanted. And part of the reason why i didn't go for the Zenbook by Asus which, to me, looks less professional than the MBA and this Samsung. I use my laptop for work and for meetings.I also didn't want to make the switch to Mac, I wanted to stay in the Windows environment.This laptop proved to be the best choice for me. Also i can boast that it is lighter and thinner than the Macbook Air :)My previous laptop was a Samsung Laptop P Series. It must be 7 times thicker than this new laptop.Overall I am extremely satisfied with the NEW Series 9 13" Titan Silver. It is very light, with great finition.Some Amazon reviews were worrying me, specifically the talks about the mouse. I actually like the mouse. I can use double finger up down gesture, it has a left and right click integrated at the bottom of the pad. Sometimes while using the mouse it accidentally clicks and drags objects which could be annoying, but i don't really mind that. I think i am already getting used to it and i use the mouse now with short finger strokes and it seems to be working.There were no problem with the laptop except an annoying pre-loaded Norton program which i uninstalled right away.I immediately installed TeamViewer on my office desktop and on this laptop and now i can work anywhere i want with this laptop on my office desktop, it's a dream come true. This thing is so light that i finally enjoy Skyping with my family, it has a great little camera. I can grab the laptop with one hand and go around to show my family were i live. Feels great.All in all I love this laptop so much and I keep telling my wife about how I feel. She thinks it's a great looking laptop as well.I bought a MacBook Air Speck Fitting Sleeve that was in the Amazon suggestions, hopefully it fits well.There is a weird port on this laptop which i think is a custom Mini Displayport, but i couldn't find any adapter for it. So I bought the $37 Samsung mini-HDMI to VGA converter for presentations. The laptop comes with a Ethernet Converter dongle. Yes the laptop is too thin to even have a regular Ethernet port.Samsung is going to dominate many markets. That's what I predict. I am also planning to purchase the Samsung Galaxy S3 as soon as it comes out in the US.MORE: Forgot to mention a few things. Battery life for me is around 5h. The booting is blazing fast, 7 to 9s if you turn off the computer. But for the first time in my life i use sleep mode. Basically i just close the laptop each time i am done with my current task. I reopen the laptop when i need it again. It boots up instantly. Screen is a delight, it's quite stretched horizontally, kind of like a 16:9 ratio, great for movies, not so great if you have long vertical files to work on. Battery charges fast. No DVD player obviously. Wi-Fi works great. The computer is not blazing fast. If you want a high performance, high-speed laptop this may not be the best fit. But for me it's as fast as i need it to be. If you want to use it for video editing, not recommended. Great for office application, MS Office, browsing, etc. Yesterday I watched a movie on Amazon on demand and the sound was surprisingly good and clear, and powerful. How can good sound come out of such a thin thing.Thank you Apple for showing other manufacturers the way to make products that we love!! heheUPDATE ON THE SLEEVE: The Sleeve i was talking about fits very well!