Since receiving my Chromebook it has become my daily driver. I can no longer stand to sit there and wait for my Windows 7 Gateway to come out of hibernation mode; I get too impatient.The Acer boasts a 8 second startup time, but I would challenge that. It's more like 5-6 seconds.So, once you're started up you absolutely, positively must be connected to the internet. Chromebooks will not operate without the internet. If you have no internet, move along, nothing to see here.Now, in the beginning it connected seamlessly to my WiFi, then went thru one update, then the WiFi suffered tremendously. It was constantly dropping connection on a MediaLink wireless router (read those reviews, those things don't drop connection). After submitting a complaint to Acer and dropping the Vine card there was an update the next day for the Chromebook which immediately fixed the connection issue. I've not dropped connection since.The Chrome browser imports all of my settings including bookmarks, passwords, etc. from my other Chrome browser on my Windows laptop which saves me so much time from starting from scratch, again.There are no function keys on the Chromebook, like you find in windows. No F1, F2, F3, etc., but you do have Escape, Back, Forward, Refresh, Full Screen, Swap Windows (Alt+Tab for you Windows folks), Dim Brightness, Brighten Brightness, Mute, Volume Down, Volume Up and Power. There is also no 10-key or delete key. It is also a single button mouse, which means you need to use it like a Mac. Ctrl+Click to open in new tab, Alt+Click to right click. Ah! Can't forget about the lack of a CAPS LOCK key. That's probably the one I forget most often. Instead it's a search key.It does have the capability of saving photos to the hard drive for quick retrieval later. I haven't tried saving any documents to the hard drive because I haven't needed to.When you close the lid to the CB it sleeps immediately. When you open it it wakes immediately (I mean IMMEDIATELY, not even 1 second delay).There's a number of Chrome apps you can use, but the lack of Skype is the only thing that has kept me using my laptop from time to time.Also, don't plan on using a real mouse with the CB. Although I have mine set up to the fastest speed it still crawls across the screen. That's probably my biggest complaint.I recommended this computer to two people who only wanted something cheap and could give them access to the internet because they're chronic Facebook users. They both went out and bought it and both have enjoyed it ever since.I love that the battery on this thing REALLY lasts for 9+ hours with the brightness set to it a middle setting and lots and lots of Candy Crush.If I want to take it to work I simply throw it in my purse and off I go. Because it's able to hold a charge so long I have NEVER had to worry about bringing a charging cable with me.If this is the future of internet-only laptops, then the C720 is the standard by which all CB's should be measured. It's a fabulous tool that I recommend to everyone everywhere. It's so budget friendly and does the one thing it promises to do, plus a teensy bit more.Well done, Acer and Google! I'm thoroughly impressed!