I had an ASUS UL80Vt for a week and after a week packed it up for return. My main problem wasn't that the battery was DOA and wouldn't charge (though the indicator insisted there was a 39% at all times, even after overnight charging and the warning light signalling "dead battery). OK, I figured, stuff happens, even with a solid company's products. But what has totally soured me on Asus is the institutionalized 48 hours that that the company tells you it will take to respond to e-mailed technical problems. (And e-mail was the only way I saw to contact the company.)It took every minute of that 48 hours to get a reply to my first e-mail describing the problem. (Supposedly "due to system error.") And now, after 72 hours, I'm still waiting for a reply to my second e-mail, which was required because none of the BIOS fixes suggested in the first response worked. Nor did any of the others I managed to pry out and decipher on my own from the Asus website.I know that people swear by this company's hardware. And my battery problem truly did seem like a fluke, at least based on fruitless Google searches for others with similar problems. But, "system error" or not, Asus' Web and direct customer support stink. Maybe we're spoiled, but these days the customer service bar is set very high (kudos to Amazon for helping on this). And from my experience, Asus doesn't cut it in this important respect.I'd suggest that before buying an Asus product, poke around the support section of the website as if you were already an owner and experiencing some problems. Maybe you'll find sources for help that are better than what I found.By the way, Amazon was great on taking this product back.Finally, in case someone else experiences a similar problem with a battery on this model, here's the answer you'll wait at least two days to get from Asus. May these suggested fixes work better for you than they did for me.Dear Valued Customer,Thank you for contacting ASUS Customer Service.Sincerely sorry for the delay due to system error.Would you please remove the battery and access bios by pressing F2 while the asus logo appears and load manufacture default, then press F10 save and exit.After that try to charge the battery again.Some customers report that after upgrade to windows 7,windows detect the battery incorrectly ,there is some compatibility problem with the windows 7.If still,would you please try update the latest BIOS, I suggest you use the winflash utility to update the BIOS in the windows mode. Please firstly download the winflash utility and the latest BIOS, install the winflash utility, run it and then set the path to the BIOS, then flash. You can download the utility and the BIOS from the following website:BIOS:[...]Winflash:[...]Please make sure that the power not cut during the operation.For more information feel free to refer to our self-help pages byclicking the links below:Troubleshooting: [...]FAQ: [...]Warranty Info: [...]If you continue to experience issues in the future, please do nothesitate to contact us.Best Regards,LathanASUS Customer ServiceIf you have any suggestions or feedback about our technical supportservice, please e-mail to [...]. We will then arrangefor a specialist to work with you regarding your issue. Your suggestionsand feedback are appreciated and allow us to provide better service.