this acer is my first adventure into chromebooks. i was aware going in, that the chromebook is a very stripped-down experience, basically a chrome browser window and the apps available from the chrome store. however, with the ever-expanding selection of chrome apps and a very ambitious linux universe, this browser-in-a-box can do so much more.first, let's talk about the machine itself. some have argued that this acer is basic and plain, even boring. i'm not the type who feels the need to express my creativity through the hardware i buy, so this is of no concern to me. what i do concern myself with is functionality. compared to the other chromebooks in this price range, the acer offers far more functionality than its competitors. with two usb ports, hdmi, sd card, and bluetooth, i don't feel like i'm missing anything connectivity-wise that i wouldn't normally get with a regular laptop (but for a fraction of the price). the design is not going to win any awards, but i like the clean, basic look. it doesn't distract you from what's under the hood and on the screen.speaking of under the hood, this thing smokes. with the haswell-based processor, 4gb of ram, and integrated graphics, everything i have thrown at it has been handled nicely. the screen is 720hd, and looks very good in most lighting conditions. the keyboard does not look and feel cheap to me, although others have made that comment. the only thing i've missed with this custom keyboard is the absence of home and end buttons (which may still be buried somewhere). my trackpad also does not click or rattle as others have mentioned. i've never been a fan of trackpads, and i'm still not sure if i like this one or not, but the two-finger controls are very handy in the absence of a regular mouse.now, for chrome os. for being as new to the game as this operating system is, it feels very polished and is maturing nicely. there are still a few functions that aren't as intuitive as i'd like. for instance, it should be easier to remove apps from the drawer on bottom. also, the ability to change ownership accounts is missing, and requires a full device reset instead. while these issues will likely be addressed in future software releases, they are a bit annoying right now. however, these shortcomings are generously compensated for, with the additional functionality offered through the chrome store. one of my favorite apps thus far is remote desktop. it's very easy to set up and even easier to connect. for a person who only has a desktop in his home, this allows me to take my desktop with me to the couch or the basement! add a chromecast accessory, and my hdtv turns into a desktop monitor. easy!one of the centerpieces of the chromebook (imo) is the ability to share and edit various documents through google drive. the google drive office suite, including docs, spreadsheet, and presentation, offers free versions of the office programs we've all used for the last 20+ years. the google versions are stripped out somewhat, but still offer most of the regular functionality you'd expect. also, the google office products are compatible with most standard office file types, including microsoft, openoffice, and libreoffice (with the addition of an extension). and when you're ready to store your documents, google drive offers you free cloud storage. this is key, because there's a very limited amount of onboard storage with the acer. i've been using drive for well over a year now. i use it to keep inventory spreadsheets updated at my bar, and also to make changes to tracking documents for my coin collection and my ingress user activities. all these things are accessible from my desktops at home and work, and my android phone, and any changes are automatically and instantly synced across all those devices. adding in the chromebook has given me an interface that's easier to use than my android for making changes, and obviously more portable than my desktops. not to mention cheaper, lighter, and longer-running than a standard laptop.another option i have added is the installation a linux distro (gnome gui with raring), which actually makes this chromebook an (almost) fully-functional linux laptop. with the limited onboard storage of only 16gb, my linux install must remain pretty light, but there is also a storage upgrade coming out soon for this acer. with 64gb or even just 32gb, this machine becomes much more versatile in that area.bottom line. this is a superb alternative to the still pricey laptop experience. for casual use, such as web browsing, streaming tv, and basic office productivity, this acer will do just about everything you will need. it also doubles as a cheap, yet powerful linux device. and chrome os will only get better over time, with new apps and software updates for free. why not give it a try? for $250, you won't find a better laptop experience.