>> UPDATE - Nov 2012 <<The battery, according to the laptop at least, is near the end of its life and needs replacement. The D830's battery charging light located in the LED strip below the monitor (but visible with the lid open or closed) flashes four times RED and once GREEN to indicate a bad battery. There is NO way I have discovered to turn this off, so I ended up having to cover the light with black tape! Battery life is now down to one hour from three. I can't bring myself to replace it yet. I've knocked a star off my rating for receiving a battery with such a short lifespan and a laptop with such an annoying, incessant light (likely intending to bug you until you buy the Dell replacement).[original review]-THE SELLER-I purchased a Dell D830 from Tampa-Laptops in Refurbished condition for $228 and have had this for less than a month. The laptop arrived very quickly in adequate, bubble-wrapped packaging in a Priority Mail box. Also included was the AC adapter and a genuine Windows 7 CD for refurbished PCs. Activation sticker for this new version was also attached to the bottom. Laptop was exactly as described by seller. Remember to read the comments by the sellers on the offer listing page before making a decision! Their comments supercede any info on the main item page.Note that if you buy this laptop with a clean install of Windows (7 in this case), remember that no software besides Internet Explorer is installed (unless otherwise stated) and you may need drivers yourself. I needed to install a universal graphics driver from NVIDIA and a mouse driver from Dell's support website for enhanced functionality with the trackpoint and pad.-THE LAPTOP-My Dell D830 15.4" is equipped with a 2.2GHz Intel Core2Duo processor, 2 GBs of installed memory and a 90 GB hard drive. The build quality of Dell's business-oriented Latitute line from this era I believe is quite good. I already own a Dell D620 14.1" laptop that I like and wanted to stick with what I knew but was also looking for a desktop replacement. The most noticeable difference between the two, besides the size and weight difference, is that the D830 is MUCH quieter. The larger cooling system doesn't run at full speed except under full processing power and even then it isn't as noisy. The D620 runs at full speed with a higher pitched whine at all times. Even the Logitech N200 cooling pad cuts its down by only a little. The D830 is an update to the Dx20 Latitute line, so perhaps that specific issue was addressed.The keyboard is "clackier" than the quiet D620's, but I'm getting used to it. The speakers on the D830 are larger and placed to either side of the keyboard resulting in superior sound (but still no bass). The trackpoint was essential for me, although as a desktop replacement I more often use an external USB mouse. The display is bright and inviting; the brightness automatically dims when on battery power (customizable in BIOS and anytime with special keystrokes). The D830 cannot compare to the processing power in newer PCs, but this is the fastest system I have ever owned. Even though it was not designed for Windows 7 I find it zippy for all my normal browsing/streaming tasks. Battery life is a surprising 3+ hours right now. Note that I have not attempted use of demanding software and the D830 is not for 3D gaming.So far I am very pleased with this purchase.