The next gen X1 Carbon is sleek and fast system with an amazing display - it's two steps forward and one step back for the platform.  The first problem is they messed with the keyboard - and the touch point.While the liquid crystal display for the function keys seems like a great idea, in practice it's awful for touch typing, The switch key is right next to the escape key, and because the switch key for the LCD function key is a touch key, brushing that key while you are access the ESC key mean that LCD function keys will have change their function. Meaning the next time you reach for F2 to change a file name, or F4 to repeat a change, you will change the volume or some other unintended result. Now you have stop, look at the function pad, see that what mode it's in and change mode back to function key mode and proceed, every time you access the function key row. In the OLD world, with the Fn key, you could press two key at the same time (one effective key stroke) to change the screen brightness, turn on the keyboard light etc. Now it take some random interval between one, if you are in the right function mode, to three to scroll through the function key modes to get to the right key pad. I used to be a brain surgeon with a laser scalpel with the X series now Lenovo has just handed me an blunt axe.The LCD function key pad is just annoying however and I could probably learn to slow down and look at the LCD pad to see what mode it was in and toggle through the modes to get the one that I wanted. Even though the Fx key are used 95% of the time. The other fluffily keys not so much. However they did the forgivable, they messed with my beloved Touch Point. They took away the tactile REAL left and right mouse keys and replaced them with a touch sensitive pad. The virtual touch areas are not definite enough, and I can't find the right mouse key without looking for it, once I have found it, it takes much more physical force to make it right key click because you have depress the that corner of the keypad, rather than the mouse key that had the same spring tension as the keyboard key. I want a real mouse key, that is light, tactile and responsive. Clearly they did not ask Touch Point users to test this system.The rest of the platform is brilliant - you could say they turned the X1 into an Apple Mac from an design standpoint - and that is good and bad. However, if I wanted a Mac I would have bought one. I wanted the best keyboard that human kind had ever touched, with keys just the right spacing and key spring weight. With a touch point that I don't have to stop and take my hands from the keyboard to use. They broke that and now I will have to return my Limited Offer "20A70037US" Next Gen Carbon X1.