Have been shopping for a new laptop for a while and decided to choose this instead of the A500.  It costs a couple hundred more but has all the features that I need and want.  The big selling point for me is the modern and sleek style.  It is beautiful to look at and not chunky like the A500 with the extra number key pad that I do not use.  Greater mobility with the 14" backlit led HD screen and a better Intel Core2 duo P7350 processor. The 400 GB hard drive that I can carry everywhere and no need to bring an extra storage device. The build in 3D sensing is a plus so if you drop your labtop the hard drive is protected. The backlit keyboard is really cool and the touchpad also have multi-function.  The touchpad looks small but it is the same size as my 14" IBM thinkpad T43 so it works okay with me.  The multi-function touchpad is easy to use and you seldom need to use the click bottom.  All you need is slightly move your fingers across the touchpad and slightly tab on the touchpad instead of clicking the left button. It also come with the extra 12 cell battery for extended use compare to the standard 6 cell and it does not extend outside the labtop like others.  The harman kardon speakers is also a great value and sounds great.  All these worth the extra couple of hundred dollars.  I tried to customize the same build at toshiba and it cost a lot more than this and Amazon ship free and tax free and no recycling charge so it is a very good buy. The fingerprints and dirt is easy to see and clean with a wipe after each use and it is not that bad to keep your labtop sanitize especially if you have multiple users to spread germs around.The labtop come with a few bloatware and easy to remove using windows uninstaller.  Would recommend to install a good registry cleaner and defragmenter free ware to optimze your labtop after the uninstall.  The Window Vista Premium 64 bit is easy to use bur in my opinion still runs slow even with the 4 GB of ram and the newer Intel processors. You definitely need to remove the extra bloatware to lighten the load.  I am looking forward to the free upgrade to Window 7 to make this work better.  The RAM is expandable to 8GB so it is a plus for upgrade when the RAM gets cheaper in the future. I just upgraded and double the RAM of my 4 year old IBM thinkpad and it runs a lot faster than before with Window XP Pro.I highly recommend this Toshiba mobile labtop for good looks, mobility and usability in this price range.  It does not come with bluetooth but I am planning to get a bluetooth adaptor and it is very inexpensive.  Overall, I am very happy with this labtop.  I am glad I got this last week because I saw the price increase already.