At first I had an ACER C720P chrome book, which was only $299 (xmas sale). Then this Inspiron 3137 went on sale for the same price and so I did both a comparison. Both devices had the same processor and 2gb of RAM. Same screen size, just about the same weight, Dell is about a few ounces heavier but still lightweight. The difference was in OS (Win 8 vs Chrome OS) and storage (32 gb SDD vs 500gb HDD).  The deciding factor was that other reviews commented how  it was relatively easy to upgrade the ram and switching to Solid state drive.UPGRADING: Kudos to Dell for making it easy to open the back and swap out hardware. Make sure you do your research before attempting, a small screw drive is really helpful, and as soon as you open the back panel say good bye to your warranty.Ram has fairly easy. I got a Crossair 8bg single stick 1.35v DDR3 1600 MT/s  and yes it works.SSD was a little more tricky. Either clone the hard drive and or what did. I knew someone who had Win 8.1 pro and did a fresh install. Plus side it was bloatware free, but it take up sometime to install all the drivers needed. Dell makes easy to get but some of the driver on the site was not updated/optimized for Win 8.1, so I had to get creative. Might be taxing for some but I am use to dealing with Windows/PC. Took a lot of time and effort but I got this Dell customized to how I want it.After upgrades + 2 weeks use:I using this Dell right now to type up this review. So far everything is working as I expected. The upgrades really boosted the performance and battery life. Boot-up time is about 10-20 seconds. Battery life is about 8-10 hours depending on use and screen brightness. Takes about 2 hours to charge more or less. Easy to carry and easy to hold. Relatively quite. I can barely hear the fan. it's been sitting on my lap for about an hour. The vents are in the bottom and behind the screen hinge. It's only slightly warm, but I not reallyThe keyboard is rather compact but it is easy to type with and comfortable especially with some with big hands like me. It's not back-lit, but that's not a really deal breaker for me. If anything I can use the on-screen touch keyboard. The touch screen is responsive, but I am not accustomed to using it much. I kinda old school so I use the track pad or if possible a mouse. The track is decent and sometimes a pain. Apple/Macs are still the best in the market for right now. Some of issue were part hardware design and partly software. Some effort is need to calibrate and tweak the track pad settings.Built quality is better than expected considering the price. Nice brush metal finish on the outer part, and the inside is compose of high quality plastic. The hinge feels solid and sturdy, even after opening up the back panel. The touch screen is either light weight glass or plastic. Not really sure but it's decent. Finger prints are not to noticeable, and easy to clean. Resolution is not super HD quality, but passable. Viewing angles are okay, but I have not used this outdoor or in direct sunlight. Down side is that there is a thick bezel around the screen that reduces viewing real estate.Overall:This was $299 Amazon and add $200 in upgrades is this about a $500 notebook. It works well as for my needs. I work and go to school in San Francisco, so this is a good balance between performance and mobility. I am satisfied with my purchase. Upgrades were kinda chore but worth it.