I've been a faithful Dell customer for at least 10 years and had been very happy until this machine.Whatever Dell you buy, make sure the wireless card is not a Dell Wireless 1703. Search the internet for Inspiron 15 dropping wireless signal and you'll see that this an issue experienced by many. The rest of the machine is okay. I'd give it 3/5 stars. But given this wireless card problem and the length of time I've spent with tech support so far, I wish I could give it a 0/5 stars. It wouldn't be a problem if Dell would admit there's an issue but they're very resistant to do so.Mine has had issues dropping the wireless signal since I bought it. Because it is an intermittent problem, you will get a lot of resistance from tech support.Over the course of 3-4 months, multiple calls and chat sessions with tech support, I've been instructed to update the drivers, they've updated the drivers, they fussed with settings, rebootings, BIOS updates, and they came to the conclusion that it was my router (despite telling them no other device I have has had problems). AT&T; replaced the router even though they found no issue with it. Not ten minutes after the AT&T; tech left, my computer dropped the signal.Today Dell finally decided to replace the wireless card. Yes, it took nearly the length of the software warranty for them to finally decide that there is indeed an issue!If you already have this machine and finally reached the point where Dell decides to replace the card, ask them to replace it with a different type. They seem to be okay with this. I'll come back and update this if they try and give me the same type of card and/or if the new card hasn't fixed this.As for the rest of the machine:The mouse is a little inaccurate. You have to focus tap-to-clicks on the far left of the mouse or else it won't pick it up as a tap. It's annoying.The battery life leaves something to be desired. I get 2-3 hours with the power usage being almost at it's minimum.The rest of the machine is fine for what it is. This is a low end laptop so it's no hard core gaming computer.As far as Windows 8 goes:Windows 8 can be tolerable with the start button modification. Windows 8 is widely known as a giant flop but if you're like me and use computers for work and can't limp your Windows 7 machine any longer, you'll have to learn to put up with it. That's a problem with Microsoft though and not the machine.My biggest complaint is the wireless card and how long it has taken for Dell to admit mine is faulty despite the fact that many, many customers are having the same problem. Prior to this, I had always been pleased with Dell computers and their support. My experience with this machine and with Windows 8 has me pricing Apple computers. The amount of wages I've lost because of time spent on this an unable to work is much more than what an Apple would have cost.