I've now owned this laptop for about 2 months, and here is my review.First of all, it has a great price with the rebate for the power. HOWEVER, Asus' rebate is tricky. If you mail it in, you can either wait for 8 - 12 weeks to get your full $[...] rebate (at least the rebate applied to my time frame), or you can get your rebate rushed to you in 2 weeks for a [...]$ processing fee. Kind of weak, but that's okay I don't expect much from mail-in rebates.This laptop is very powerful for what it is - boots up super fast, shuts down fast, and does great overall. The wireless connectivity is excellent. Here is my list of props:-Powerful computer, handles games with high to medium high settings, processes media and videos seamlessly-Very portable, fairly light weight-Connectivity rocks, lots of ports-Nice looking screen, very bright and non glossy-Comes with Windows 7, which is vastly better than Vista-Comes with a lot of great accessories, and the laptop bag is excellent-Good battery life. I get about 4 hours on economy mode if I don't do anything intensive, and probably can last for 2 hours on "entertainment mode" (for a little over 1 movie or so)-Great Asus add-on software. While I installed most of what it came with, some of the utilities are freakin' awesome!-Excellent warranty. If you mail in the warranty card within 30 days of purchase, you get an additional 1 year accident extension on your warranty!This laptop isn't perfect. Here are my cons:-Keyboard doesn't keep up quite as well as I hoped! I type very fast (100+ wpm) and it often lags when I type or skips letters. Also, the keys on the left side tend to make more noise than I feel a laptop keyboard should.-Left click and right click near the touch pad are very loud. You can hear them for miles. Awkward in the library.-Comes loaded with typical bloatware, however the stuff you don't want isn't proprietary and can be removed easily. Made my comp run a lot faster after that!-Control key is swapped with the function key. I have been slowly getting used to it, but it is pretty annoying initially. Stupid decision on Asus' part.-Typical in terms of finger print magnet. I windex it pretty often because it takes them on easily.Overall, this laptop is very deserving of the rating. I would actually give it a 4.5 out of 5, but I can't with the stars. I think some people exaggerate the ability of the battery - mine does pretty well. Of course it won't last long unplugged if you game or watch movies, but very few laptops do. The charger itself is lightweight, small, and has a very long cord which is quite convenient. This laptop is very powerful for it's weight and class.If you are looking for the "do it all" laptop, I would recommend this. It is very balanced in terms of power, weight, battery life, and features. It surely isn't perfect, but no laptop is as far as I am concerned. For the price, it's a good purchase, and I am very pleased with mine.