This computer has one VERY serious fault and a number of inconveniences.1. The wireless reception is very weak. It is useful only in the strongest signal area. Even at Starbucks, I have to chose my table carefully, as it only works at some. It gets one bar and a lot of drops in a location where an older HP and a really old Lenovo had no trouble, and got several bars more. The 7 yr old Lenovo still gets 4 and 5 bars in the same spot. I would not recommend buying this unless you have very easy return privileges.2. It lacks a card slot, requiring an adapter for photo viewing. This is a serious inconvenience.3. The 4 USB ports are jammed together so that almost everything except the narrowest a USB device or connector interferes with the adjacent port. Things like aircards, antennas, card readers, connectors for an external mouse, etc. I have even had to use a knife to cut some rubber off of the side of some USB cord plugs. One USB port is so close to the power receptacle that some things interfere with the power cable plug. I had to use a knife to cut some rubber off the power plug to ease interference with USB devices. And, with this laptop's deficiencies, three of the four USB ports are taken up by necessary devices just to use the laptop. 1. The weak LAN reception requires a USB antenna to get a decent wi fi signal. 2. The poor touchpad requires an external mouse. 3. The lack of a card slot requires an external card reader. ...after the deficiencies of the laptop are taken care of by external devices, this leaves only one USB port left to use for thumb drives, printers, etc. As a result, one is always  juggling and balancing USB devices.4. The USB ports are loose and wiggly. They do not inspire confidence of a long life. My ancient Lenovo far surpasses this computer.5. The power cord receptacle on the right side is really inconvenient. Not only is it too close to one USB port, but it clutters up the area where many right-handers place a mouse or a beverage. A 90 degree cord end and a receptacle on the back would be much more versatile. Or maybe two receptacles  for those into cord management.6. The cord from the wall receptacle to the brick is incredibly bulky and stiff, having 3 heavy conductors. It is as heavy as a large microwave cord. Very inconvenient when stuffing it into my laptop bag or a briefcase. I see no reason for a ground, since the brick has no exposed metal parts.7. The lighted keyboard is neat, but only good for those who sit fairly close to the computer and are tall or sit high. A person who sits a little back or low gets the glare of the LEDs of the top rows of keys to mess up his night vision.8. The screen is very glossy, making reflections a problem.9. Easily damaged soft aluminum lid. I liked my 1 1/2 yr old HP's cross-hatched plastic body better than this one's aluminum lid. It will pick up scratches and marks and will look pristine only for a little while. the previous one's cross-hatched plastic seemed to hide everything.10. The keyboard is extraordinarily flimsy, with even the lightest touch making the area around each struck key flex downward. This does not inspire confidence.It's virtues are:1. Really good battery life and an accurate indicator of time left.2. The battery is user-replaceable, instead of being hijacked by sending it back to the center for a replacement. Also good for carrying a spare, or taking it out when plugged in to the wall.3. Light and thin. It means little to me, but it is important to some.4. The keyboard does not have a shrunken shift key like some recent laptops, although the delete key is really small. I would also be very happy to see the number pad on the right removed from small laptops.All in all, I think HP needs to be more careful which Chinese outsourced product they stick their decal on. The HP name means very little any more.5. The sound is a little better than most others.6. It still has an optical disk drive, making loading drivers and programs very convenient.7. The touch pad is a little better than the 1 1/2 yr old HP it replaced.8. The cord from brick to the laptop is longer than many other laptops