First let me say that I was excited about this product, and really wanted to like it... So much so, that I blinded myself to a lot of the negative feedback on the web regarding lack of regular apps. I figured that 90% of the time I spend on a computer is on the internet, so who cares if occasionally there is some friction regarding desktop applications, right?Well it turns out that there are still some basic issues Google needs to work out with ChromeOS.1) Bluetooth - The chromebook 550 doesn't have native bluetooth hardware, but with a bluetooth dongle the chromebook should be able to pair to all sorts of bluetooth devices.  Unfortunately, at the time of this writing (Dec. 2012), Chrome OS only supports bluetooth for a mouse and wireless keyboard.  No audio for bluetooth speakers, no voice / headset capabilities.  For me, this is a major FAIL as the chromebook was marketed as bluetooth compatible.  Again, I'm aware it doesn't come with the native hardware, but it should work with a bluetooth dongle, and this criticism is equally true for the ARM chromebook as well that does come with the native bluetooth hardware - no audio streaming capabilities.2) Dual Display - As of the time of this writing, the chromebook doesn't support dual monitor setups... Also a major disappointment when I first tried to set this up.3) Although it was clearly advertised - and this is entirely my own fault - not having standard windows apps is more of a pain in the ass than you might imagine.  I can't connect my scanner to the laptop (something I didn't think about at the time of purchase)... Supposedly there is some google cloud printing that will work with might work with my printer, but I can almost guarantee that printing is not as simple as clicking 'print' in the top left corner of the screen as I am accustomed to.  Google Docs, while fine for READING office documents, is not quite as functional at WRITING office documents.The spreadsheet - while ok - is nowhere near as good as Excel.  Once you've learned Office, (and you still use it in the context of work, or because other people send Office docs), it really isn't worth it to relearn all of the shortcuts and tools of the google versions of Office.  This may seem like griping, but are all manners of formulas, filters, etc. in Excel that I use that I would have to relearn in Google Docs... not worth it for the time being.The other area where the standard apps are needed is for general media.  For music, no spotify, no sonos, pandora works (because its web accessible), but no bluetooth to transmit to hardware.  The display port is some strange format that requires special adapter cables to connect to HDMI / DVI /  VGA displays... Not sure why they didn't just make this with a standard display port in the first place, and again as I mentioned - no dual display mode.Many review are correct to point out that this is basically a laptop with the chrome web browser only.  That's basically the experience you get on the chromebook. On a positive note, it does feel like a web browser on steroids though.  You won't notice the under-powered Celeron processor b/c there is no background Windows bloat.  Side by side with a newer i7 laptop, I haven't noticed any actual performance differences surfing the web - and I generally tend to browse with 15+ tabs open at a time.Booting in 10 seconds is great.  I can see why many people claim in reviews that it has become their go-to laptop.  It's addictive to not have to wait to get on the internet, but the novelty wears off once you realize all of the limitations of the chromebook.Side by side with a $600 laptop, it's still very difficult to justify the purchase.For only $150 more, I can get a dual core 3rd gen i5 CPU.  6gb of ram.  500 gb hard drive (I'll give the chromebook the advantage of an SSD, but still the windows laptop has 500gb of local storage that you'd otherwise have to pay extra  for online), BLUETOOTH, dual display capabilities, the ability to use just about any program / application I feel like, AND I can still use the chrome web browser with 15+ tabs open, and store whatever I like in the cloud if I feel inclined to do so.  The only drawback I can think of to the slightly more expensive windows laptop is the boot-time, and maybe the added possibility of getting malware.I plan to return my chromebook in the near future.  All this being said, I would take a look at a chromebook again in a couple of years.  In subsequent OS releases - which are released every 6 weeks or so, and transmitted via internet - they plan to add bluetooth & dual monitor capabilities (though I'm not willing to twiddle my thumbs and wait).  I also think the google app store will fill out a bit with time.After filling in the glaring oversights, google still needs to focus on some kind of windows emulator that can interface with printers / scanners / cameras / mobile phones and other hardware.Also a real competitor to microsoft office is needed.  The Google Docs are not quite there yet, though they are ok for very basic work like taking notes during a web browsing session.  If they can nail hardware and an Office suite, they could really have a platform that people would develop software for.Until all of these gaps fill in though, its just not worth all of the work-arounds necessary to make the chromebook a serviceable laptop.  And it's hard to justify this as a '2nd' computer, when I can get a significantly improved '2nd' computer for only $150 more.Not recommended at this time.