I'd like to start out by saying that the majority of the grievances spelled out by other individuals typically revolve around the software. That is, Windows 8 and the suite of Asus prepacked crap.And they're not wrong. It truly is horrendous. Windows 8 was a massive misstep by Microsoft and Asus' bundleware doesn't exactly enhance the experience.SCREW WINDOWS 8:Fortunately this was destined to be a Linux laptop, specifically Fedora 19 ([...] I'll be using it as a software engineering student starting in the fall and this is looking to shape up to be a wonderful Linux laptop. It is fairly standard hardware and appears to be well supported (ethernet, WLAN, bluetooth, power management, webcam, etc.). I have also heard reports that it works well with the Debian based distros as well as the more "server-esque" distros such as CentOS and Arch Linux. The diagnostics done on this laptop were through Hiren's Boot CD which recognized all of the hardware just fine.BIOS CONFIGURATION:The first thing done was to update the laptop's BIOS to the latest version (208 as of writing this. Was 206). This, and morbid curiosity, was the only reason I booted into Windows 8 in the first place as using Asus' Windows based flash utility is the easiest way to get this done. Doing this did flip SecureBoot to enabled (it was actually disabled by default in 206). Just go back into the BIOS and disable it again. If you can't boot from CD be sure that "Launch CSM" is enabled under boot options in the BIOS and that the DVD drive is set to have boot priority over the Windows boot loader. If you intend to do a PXE installation you can enable that as well. Otherwise you can ignore it.HARD DRIVES:Both the 500GB hard drive and the 24GB SSD survived an extended test in GSmartControl with zero errors. The SSD benchmarked a read/write of 4.2GB/s and 344MB/s, very respectable.The drives were immediately zeroed and given the following partitioning scheme:/dev/sda1  swap (encrypt)  4GB/dev/sda2  /boot  ext4  500MB/dev/sda3  /  ext4 (encrypt)  19.5GB/dev/sdb1  /home  ext4 (encrypt)  500GBThis gives the OS, swap and applications the entire SSD and reserves the slow hard drive for data (office and Eclipse workspaces, mostly). Disk encryption works fine and as expected. Boot and application load times are snappy and responsive.RAM:I purchased an extra 4GB of RAM to go with this unit (B006EWUP4Y ) which was an easy install. Simply take out two screws, slide off a back panel and snap the module in. Numerous YouTube videos can be found demonstrating this. Both the laptop memory and the purchased memory survived six runs (10+ hours) of Memtest86 without issue ([...] I onlyGRAPHICS:The Intel HD4000 graphics is more than enough for HD video and some basic gaming (hey, Steam is on Linux these days!). If you install more RAM into the laptop you can feel free to up the available memory for the graphics to 512MB via the BIOS (the default is a miserly 64MB so you may want to up it regardless). Games such as Portal and Bastion boot up and play fine. In fact, they load surprisingly fast considering that I have my Steam games installed to the HDD.TEMPERATURES:~41C-45C while idle or internet browsing. Prime95 brought the temps up to approx. 61C. Not too bad.MISC:Yes, the webcam is as grainy as others have reported. If this is an issue for you, avoid this unit. If not, then...feh? The ethernet, wireless and bluetooth work at the advertised speeds. The inclusion of a DVD drive is nice for those of us who cannot let go. The screen is large and bright.The summary is - the hardware will do its job quite well. The issue is with Windows 8 and Asus' bundleware. If you can I would suggest downgrading to Windows 7 or dropping an alternative OS under the hood. With the right configuration this is an absolutely wonderful piece of hardware at an unbelievable price.