I've got to admit I'm kind of a sucker for these combo units.  My first serious tablet (not a combo unit) was the original Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9.  The Logitech bluetooth keyboard let me write easily enough, but set up wasn't super convenient (you undo the keyboard, turn it on, enable Bluetooth, make sure it stays paired).  That's what got me interested in the Asus Transformer T700, a 10 in tablet with a gorgeous display and snap on keyboard.  I liked it very well with its pseudo-Office apps like Polaris and Quickoffice.  Then a month ago work provided a Lenovo Helix.  Finally a combo with real Word and the potential for another app I love for writing--Scrivener.  So far I really like the Helix.Pros:-Real Windows (compared to the Surface with RT) for real windows apps I want-Real keyboard (compared to Type and Type 2 for the Surface line) which is solid and very responsive-very nice trackpad (compared to the Asus Transformer line--hey, at 4x the price it should)-nice size for a laptop--11 in screen which is super high resolution and very bright-super speedy processor and graphics.  I'm not a gamer but the Intel HD 4000 can handle several-stylus, which I'm still getting to know.  Great alternative to mouse sometimes-Handwriting recognition with the stylus is great and might really come in handy-sturdy construction like other Thinkpads with that grippy black finishCons-11 inches makes the tablet unwieldy as a tablet.  When I'm on the couch it's just as easy to keep it in laptop mode, both for balance and navigation.-battery Life-- I might not have this optimized but it seems like even when I put it to sleep it drains battery (by the way, my Asus Transformer did the same thing until I turned off some of the background stuff like location services).  This is not a big deal since I'm usually within 4 hours of power but I guess I expected more-screen resolution.  Believe it or not, it may be that the resolution of this is almost too high!  1900 lines of resolution on an 11in screen makes things pretty small for middle aged eyes.  Of course I can reduce the resolution and zoom in on the browsers but I have an external monitor at work.  There's probably a way to optimize this but I haven't done it yet.  Not a huge con, but something to consider.-screen size as a tablet.  I heard Samsung is working on a 12 in tablet.  Who will feel comfortable with a screen that big trying to hold on to it?  The same is true here.  I'm not sure it works as a big tablet.ConclusionWith the content I need to produce I admittedly favor the laptop mode of this unit.  I'm wanting to appreciate the flexibility of the tablet but find myself forgetting it can be used that way.  Hence I'm questioning the whole design.  Why does it need to be a tablet?  (I know the tablet can be connected face forward to fold down or display forward but I don't see the benefit yet of those modes).It's got me wondering if I could optimize weight, size, and tablet use in the 10 in Asus Transformer T100 or go back to the standalone tablet with external keyboard in the Dell Venue 8.  Both of these alternatives would give me the Windows experience I want for content creation and the chance to benefit from the tablet form factor.