I read enough reviews on Amazon and other places to justify me having to write one here.  First things first, I am an IT guy, so between hardware, software and networking it's easier for me to figure things out, so keep that in mind when reading the review.As all of the other reviewers said, there are some known quirks with this computer.  Yes, the hinges let the screen wobble a bit.  I have a Dell XPS 13 and the screen doesn't wobble at all, but this one does.  It's not a big deal.  Secondly, yes, the keyboard is different.  The keys don't appear to be as deep as other keyboards, so when pressing them down it isn't as much as a confirmed response back from the pc.  That being said, I don't have a single problem typing on it outside of the backspace key being small.  A few hours later and it's fine.  The mouse is perfect fine for me.  I actually prefer it over my Dell mouse.  There are times when the tapping or click of the mouse doesn't respond, but it isn't to the point of annoyance.  You can two finger scroll, two finger right click, pinch, zoom, etc all with it.  I actually do like it.The one I wanted to spend a little bit of time on is the wireless card.  This thing is 2.4 ghz only.  It's speed is limited to 150 mbps.  My pc out of the box didn't have any driver issues, but for some reason when I installed the latest driver from the lenovo site, I couldn't get online anymore, so I had to rollback that driver.  There is a combination of bad drivers, software and network requirements needed to make this thing work.  Again, out of the box I was only able to connect at 65 mbps on my cisco frontier router.  My xps 13 connects at 300 mbps.  Obviously this is a Lenovo issue.  What I did was turn off the suspend mode for the wireless card, then set my router to channel 11, upper threshold with 40 mhz width.  That poppped me back up to 150 mbps on the wireless card.  Unfortunately it took me about 3 to 4 hours with all the troubleshooting to get the answer.The good.  The screen is exceptional.  The icons are glorious and it's even better in tablet mode.  I'm not sure if the colors are right given that the white background has a bit of wash in it (like on this page), but when I look at this screen and then go back to my XPS 13, you can clearly see the difference.  Tablet mode is also good and I was initially worried about the keyboard being on the bottom, but it's actually not a big deal at all.  What I didn't like was when you have the pc in presentation mode (bent back 75%), the keyboard and mouse aren't turned off like they are in tablet mode, so you have to put it on a flat surface or it will start going nuts.In summary, I'm not sure the pc is worth the $899 asking price that Amazon has it for considering all the tweaks that have to be done to it, but at a lower price, this computer may be worth the money.  It's fast, the screen is gorgeous and the battery lasts a decent amount of time.  Hopefully this review helps as all the other ones on Amazon did help me.**Update 7/1/13**Well, I must have been premature in my review.  There are a few things wrong with this laptop I can't get over: 1) The fan runs constantly and it gets too hot.  I literally start sweating with it on my lap if I'm watching a movie or using something intense like adobe flash player 2) The keyboard is absolutely terrible.  The keys stick and aren't firm enough.  Moreover, the flex in the keyboard itself makes it even worse to type.  It feels like the engineers at Lenovo only typed on this laptop standing up, because the keyboard is virtually useless on the lap. 3) While the wifi card works, it has to be the lowest end possible.  I only get 130mbps while my dell xps 12 gets 300 with ease.  The data transfer rate is 10x on the XPS and in order to get those speeds, I have to plug in the Lenovo to a usb-to-ethernet adapter.  At first I was willing to accept this issue, but after using the pc in a hotel with weak wifi connections, it wasn't worth it.The pc is going back to Amazon as we speak. What a shame, because if they fixed the fan and spent a few more $$ on the keyboard/wifi, this pc would sell like hotcakes...