The ASUS G75VW is a great laptop - even if you aren't into gaming. The CPU and video card aren't the highest spec available, but they're 95% of the way there, allowing you to have a cooler running laptop and lower cost, while getting most of the performance the high end hardware have.The 1080p display is really good, my laptop had no dead pixels, the refresh rate is excellent, as is color reproduction. There have been several bad reviews about this laptop's display, but they appear to all come from the G75VW-BBK5 (a BestBuy specific model) which appears to use a different display than the other G75VW's. So buyer be warned when cross shopping.The 750 gig hard drive has multiple partitions, some users complain about it, or about the recovery partition being unusable. If you really must reclaim the space used by the recovery partition, please be aware that Microsoft's disk tool won't let you touch the recovery partition. There are multiple freeware software available that will let you delete it. This isn't ASUS's fault, it's just how MS deals with recovery disks.The keyboard has a chicklet style design. I was worried it would make it difficult to type on, but the keys are actually very nice to type with. The backlight on the keyboard is adjustable too.Some people have complained about the audio on the laptop - I haven't had any issue with it. The sound is quite nice, and as good as you can expect from small speakers in a small housing. Obviously you won't get full 7.1 surround sound that your $3000 home stereo would produce. The audio is clear, sharp, and even has decent base. I did note some audio break up at higher volume levels, but it's far from being an issue as the system is loud even at lower volume levels.The wireless card seems to work well. I have run it on mixed network as well as wireless-N only networks. Speeds have been good, no disconnects.The laptop has two big fan vents on the bottom. They not only push air out the back, but they're directly connected to the cpu/graphics card and cool them at the same time. They are big enough that they make virtually no sound when running (smaller fans will spin faster and make more buzzing sounds).The laptop has two hard drive bays. Only one is used for the AS71. They are accessible from the bottom of the laptop by removing a single screw. The laptop has full SATA3 specs. For $100, I purchased a 128gig SSD and placed it in the first slot. I then reinstalled Windows7. Boot up time is ten seconds for windows 7, and seven seconds for Fedora 17. The laptop is faster than my (first generation) i7 desktop which also has a SSD and 16 gig ram.With the above configuration, Windows Experience lists the laptop with:Processor: 7.6Graphics: 7.3Memory: 7.9Hard Disk: 7.9Max score is 7.9.The AS71 comes with all 4 ram slots used up - 4 gigs each, for a total of 16 gigs. This is supposedly the max amount of ram the laptop can use, but I've read on forums that users have been able to install 8 gig sticks of ram without issue (for a total of 32 gig).There are a few potential down sides to this laptop:1. The laptop is about 10 lbs, and the ac adapter is 2 lbs. While the display is 17.3", the laptop itself is even larger than that. All of this makes the laptop bulky and difficult to transport. I don't think this is an issue for most as this is really a desktop replacement that can be portable when needed. I would not recommend it to someone who had to constantly move about.2. Battery life is just over 2 hours. Again, as with point #1, this is a desktop replacement, and shouldn't be directly compared with ultra mobile laptops that can get 10+ hours of life. The ultra mobile laptops wouldn't compare in performance to this either.3. The laptop lid is soft. I can press down on the lid and it gives. When opening the lid from the center, the top bezel will snap out of place (It doesn't look any different from normal) but I know it was out of place when I later shut the lid and a snapping sound is heard. The solution to this is to open the lid by grasping each top corner with your hands (instead of the center). The laptop is heavy enough that you can open the lid this way and it avoids bending the screen bezel.All in all, the only thing I would like to see is a firmer plastic (or metal) housing on the laptop. It's not to say that the laptop is flimsy or built poorly (It's designed quite nicely), I just don't like hardware that flexes, especially when it's by the display.There are a lot of pros, but you'll buy a laptop that best fits what you want to do with it. The only thing I'll mention as a pro is that most laptops that have a 3rd gen i7 laptop, 16 gigs of ram, 1080p display at 17.3", will cost you upwards of $2000. My first choice wasn't ASUS (frankly at this price point, I was worried there would be extreme cost cutting that would result with a cheap laptop that wouldn't last), but after a lot of research, it was a toss up between this and the Samsung. Samsung's came with half the ram and so I opted to try the ASUS instead. I've owned this laptop for a few weeks now, no issues, and I would recommend it.