A couple of months ago I got interested in photography and video to capture my kids precious moments. My aging Macbook pro from 2006 could no longer render movies or manage large raw photo files efficiently. Rendering a small movie from AVCHD to a youtube compatible format took way too long and did it using additional programs. Also, my Macbook pro screen was fading and HD pictures or video just did not look right. So...it was time for an upgrade. I have loved the Mac experience for years and I looked at the new Retina display laptops from Apple. I wanted a 15 inch Macbook pro, but the $2000 price tag for their entry level was crazy. And the fact that the new Macbooks cannot be upgraded discouraged me a lot as it would not be future proof. The entry $2000 15 inch Mac came with a corei7 2.4 Ghz, 8 Gigs of RAM and a 256 Gigs SSD. I wanted 16 Gigs of RAM and a larger hard drive, but customizing the Mac to my desires was going to be way too expensive. So, I decided to take a look at the PC world again. Besides, Windows 8 was out and my experience with Windows 7 at work has been very acceptable. I was looking at ASUS laptops, Sony's and others. Out of good luck I landed into a review of the Lenovo Y500. I started reading more about it and was amazed at the features it had on paper, plus  the price tag was within my budget. It had more memory than the Mac, more storage space (but slower) and dual graphics cards. It also had a nice Full HD screen (Not as nice as Retina, but good enough). In summary (hardware wise) the Mac was only winning on the Retina display as the hard drive on the Lenovo could be replaced with an SSD anytime (And...the Lenovo comes with a 16 Gig SSD anyway for catching). I did read about the problems regarding the touch-pad, but for my intended use I was going to have a dedicated mouse anyway. I decided to try it. Bought it on a Wednesday and it arrived on that Friday. I opened it and was a little disappointed when I saw the size of the laptop and the power supply (Huge), but I quickly overcame that issue. I turned it on and configured Windows 8 (My first interaction with this Version of Windows). Windows 8 was nice and felt very responsive. Things had changed from Windows 7, but the laptop performed well. The hard drive did not seem as slow as 5400 RPM Hard Drives usually are....maybe the 16Gig SSD cache really improves things in that department. I shut down the laptop and started it again from cold. Windows booted up in less that 10 seconds...WOW. Now I loaded all my editing applications and started doing some informal testing....incredible...rendering is  super fast on this machine. The screen is very beautiful...some glare as it is high gloss...but overall very nice. Applications open instantaneously and... remember the touch-pad issue?...well....mine came with the updated touch-pad from synaptics and it works quite well.A few days ago I got a Hybrid Hard Drive from Seagate and replaced the original one on the laptop. I also installed a fresh copy of Windows 8 Pro and this machine now beats anything. It boots in about 5 seconds and on heavy intensive tasks it does not struggle and it does not get hot. It runs surprisingly cool at all times and the fans are very silent when they come on. Fantastic value. In the future I am going to put an SSD drive and it will scream even more. This is a very high quality laptop with top performance at a very fair price. And this positive review comes from an Apple fanboy who owns most apple products. Lenovo and Windows are going in the right direction.