I have bought, literally, 5 ASUS laptops and counting. And, you know what, I am done with brand loyalty. Brand loyalty is for suckers. I am also done with cheap laptops with cheap components.I bought this laptop, and the Seagate Hard Disc Drive (HDD) died and the screen started cutting out. I cracked it open and found bad wiring and faulty connections. I didn't cheap out on this model, either. I paid $550 for it when I bought it. I was expecting FAR BETTER quality than I got.ASUS *CAN* make a VERY GOOD laptop. However, you have to be willing to shell out the premium bucks if you want their quality stuff. Their Republic of Gamers (RoG) line is actually quite good. Their stock/discount lines (which is what you are looking at now) are where ASUS cuts corners to make up profits for the slimmer margins they must have on their decent lines such as the RoG line.Most of their "bargain" models come with Seagate hard disk drives (HDD) -- and, I am not kidding, almost every single Seagate drive I have ever owned, has died a horrible death within 1-2 years of normal usage. I have had 2 full-sized HDDs die on me, 1 external HDD die, and 3 laptop HDDs, in three SEPARATE ASUS laptops, die. ALL of them were Seagate drives. In contrast, the RoG ASUS that I have, shipped with a Hitachi HDD, which are widely regarded as one of the best on the market, and I have owned several, and NONE of my Hitachi drives have died, and they are still alive and kicking to this day.Additionally, the stock/"bargain" ASUS laptops tend to come with off-market/no-name RAM, and other components. As for video cards, count yourself lucky if you get a name-brand. Most likely you will be getting an Intel baked-in, on-motherboard video setup to handle your graphics. Although, this one, the K50AF-X1 does come with ATI name-brand graphics.Additional problems I have had with ASUS laptops in their bargain tier have been:-the little rubber feet on the bottom of the device which are supposed to balance the unit and provide shock absorption, fall off.-one of my ASUS laptops had a faulty connector where the AC power plug-in point was, and came detached from the side-wall of the laptop, making it impossible to charge the laptop anymore without ripping it open and soldering that connection point back into place (for the record, that model that happened to was the K53E-C1)-I have had frequent memory problems with many of my ASUS laptops until I ripped out their cheap RAM from no-name companies, and replaced it with top-of-the-line Corsair RAM or similar.-the amount of bloatware and shovelware that comes pre-installed on ASUS laptops is getting worse and more numerous each year.In short, you get what you pay for. If you are looking for a CHEAP laptop that you ONLY expect to be used for business/school needs, and it will be kept CAREFULLY on a desk, and HARDLY EVER MOVED, and you only expect to get 2-3 years out of that laptop (TOPS) before it dies, then go ahead and get one of the cheap ASUS models.If you want to be able to take the laptop around with you, also use if for gaming (or graphics work, or video work, or anything else RAM/Processor intensive) AND you want it to last AT LEAST 4-6 years (treated decently), then shell out for a top-line ASUS (like their RoG line), or get an Alienware, or a Samsung laptop.All of the top-line models are going to cost you more, but if you do the math, it works out as a better deal in the long-run. The "bargain" laptops tend to run $300-$500, and you will get 2-3 years out of them (less if they aren't treated VERY well). To get decent memory use out of them, you may then spend another $50-$150 upgrading the RAM (which is easy to do, even for non-technical people) and another $50-200 upgrading the HDD (unlikely unless you are a tech-type person). Multiply the base amount by 2, and you get a cost of $600-$1000 for 4-6 years of computing, having to buy a new "cheap one" half way through. And, if you DO upgrade the RAM each time you get one, then it will actually be more like $700-1300. If you also upgrade the HDD, then it will be more like $800-1700. So, at the most optimistic, you get a cost/year of $100-167 up to $150-$250, and a cost per year of $133-283 up to $200-$425 at the higher end of the scale, if you are an upgrader.But, if you get one of the more premium models to start with, at a cost of anywhere from $500-$900 (or even more if you really want to shell out for a power machine), then your cost per year goes down dramatically to $83-$125 on the cheaper end of the scale up to $150-$225 on the higher end. For 4-6 years of decent, hassle-free, computing (if you treat and handle the laptop well).My experience with this laptop, and 3 others like it, all from the bargain line of laptops from ASUS, has been to teach me that you get what you pay for, and cheap up-front isn't as good a deal as quality and pricier up-front. My Republic of Gamers laptop from ASUS has been working very, very well. It came with quality parts, and runs very nicely with no problems. The "cheap" laptops I bought from ASUS have all died on me within 2-3 years, and I regret purchasing all of them. I am on my last "cheap" laptop (model: A53U-AS21), and once it dies, that's it, I am not buying any more "cheap" laptops.2 stars for cheap components and shoddy workmanship.