I have owned and used several PCs (both desktop and laptop) over the years.  For my personal computers, I always went with Dell.  After a horrible customer service experience with them after my last purchase about a year ago (too lengthy to get into here), I vowed I would never buy another Dell again.  So, I thought, why not bite the bullet and try a Mac?  It was the smartest move I ever made.For years I shied away from a Mac because I have so much Windows software that I did not think it would run.  I didn't realize until recently that a Mac can run Windows software (more on that later).  Overall, the price difference was well worth it, but I guess your purchase ultimately depends on what your computer needs are.  Here is a brief synopsis of the pros:1) Design.  It's ultra-portable, very light weight, has a beautiful look and feel, screen and keyboard are amazing.  Whenever I have to "transfer" to my work laptop (a PC), I feel like I'm going from a new Mercedes to a 1976 Chevy Nova.2) Ease of actual use.  Let's face it, most of us our computer illiterate.  A Mac is very easy to set up, and get running.  The software included is called ILife and it allows you the ability to do many of the "basic" things you would want when you buy a computer (e-mail, store and sort photos, run I tunes, surf the web).  The learning curve, I think, is very minimal.  It's a bit different doing some of the basic things that you're so used to when you've used a PC every day for umpteen years, but you get the hang of it after a while.  The Apple web site has tons of very user friendly video tutorials that will guide you through all of the basic functions and programs.3) Teacher/Student Discount (if you buy from Apple).  Although this doesn't apply to everyone, make sure that you inquire about this if it pertains to you.  You may not even have to be a teacher, but only work at an educational institution.  A lot of companies give discounts to their employees with several retailers as perks, so it's worth doing your homework.  Since my wife is a teacher, we received a $100 discount of the retail price of the computer as well as a free printer and a free 8 gb Ipod Touch. (to be technical, they weren't free, but they give you a rebate for the entire price.  They even did the paperwork for me in the store before we left)4) Customer Service.  Now, to be honest, I didn't buy the "Apple Care" extended warranty, but I know several people that have, and they swear buy it.  Again, when things go wrong with your computer, it's incredibly frustrating to find someone to diagnose and fix it.5) Boot up and Shut down time.  I never realized how much I would enjoy this function.  It takes the computer about 30 seconds to power on, and about 10 seconds to shut down.  Some PCs that I've owned (after more and more software is installed) take about 15 minutes to completely start up and be ready to go.6) It will run Windows.  There are several ways to do this.  You can buy additional software so that you can run Windows and Leopard (the Mac OS) at the same time.  Because of the minimal boot up and shut down time, however, I decided it would be no problem to just reboot and use Windows separately when needed. For this, you don't need to purchase additional software to achieve.  A Mac comes with a utility called "Boot Camp" that allows you to partition a portion of your hard drive (you pick the size) and it will install Widows and allow you to run all your Windows software on that portion of your hard drive.  You will need to buy a retail copy of Windows (that's another $200), but I think it's well worth it.  To be honest, setting this up was a bit of a timely pain with a lot of minor issues, but the Apple site, again, has plenty of tutorials and support sites to walk you through the process.The main reason I decided to go with Windows was that I have a lot of old software (mainly a lot of games) that I wanted to use.  I'm also a big user of MS Office.  Now, to be fair, Apple sells a version of MS Office that is compatible with Mac, but I've heard too many negative things about it.  Through my company, I was able to get a retail version of Office 2010 for free, basically, so I chose to go this route.This leads me to my minor gripes about the machine:1) It does not come with a pre installed office program.  They sell a piece of software called "IWork" that functions as a basic word processor, spreadsheet, and presentation application.  It only costs $40-$50 when you buy it with a new Mac.  I decided to buy it, and now I regret it.  IWork will do the basic things that MS Office does (and it is supposedly compatible with your MS Office documents) which is probably good for most people.  If you use MS Office for anything slightly advanced, such as macros or pivot tables, you can forget it - IWork is worthless at that point.2) The only other gripe I have is the "trackpad" that is on the machine.  This, in many ways is superior to using a mouse, but I still haven't gotten used to it.  I miss my old point and click button.  Any program where you have to "click and drag" becomes a bit of an adventure.Kudos to Apple.  Give them a try.  You'll be pleasantly surprised, and as long as you can afford the extra $, you'll find it's well worth your investment.