I was very excited when I finally decided, after much research, to go with this computer.  I made my purchase from Best Buy.  I got the computer home and I had an issue with the screen where I could see what seemed to be the touch interface behind the screen.  It was very distracting and since I didn't recall seeing it on the display model at the store I figured something was wrong and exchanged it for another one.I got the new one home and overall the quality of this second unit felt better and the issue with the screen was way less noticeable but still noticeable under certain lighting/brightness conditions.Everything was going great and I was enjoying the computer until all of a sudden one day, about a month after I purchased it, I started noticing really apparent image retention along the perimeter of the screen.  After only a couple of minutes of having an image on the screen, be it a browser window, or a PDF, the image would remain on the screen for 5-10 minutes after the window was closed or minimized.I called tech support and one of the technicians logged in to my machine remotely.  He was pretty persistent on insisting that it was most likely a software issue despite the fact that he could not see the image retention on his remote display and despite the fact the the image retention was not evident in screen captures.He updated the graphics driver which actually made the display way better but did not resolve the issue.I was told that my only option for them to honor the warranty was for me to send them the computer for diagnosis and repair which would mean that I would be without the computer for 2-3 weeks.  I told him that this was not a viable option for me because I need the computer for school which is why I purchased it in the first place.After several phone calls and a week and a half's time I finally got the case escalated to a supervisor who approved an onsite repair by a technician at the location of my choice.I was happy to have this option and took them up on the offer.The tech came to my house and replaced the screen but within doing so, mangled the bezel around the screen and put many deep scratches into the top of the machine with whatever tool he was using to detach and reattach the screen.  I really don't blame the tech because he was trying his best to fix it but now I have a new computer that looks like it was thrown down a flight of stairs.On top of the cosmetic damage, the new LCD panel is not adhering to the housing and there are large gaps between the panel and the housing.  It looks like the screen is going to fall off.I spoke to tech support again and they said that it will take them 2-3 weeks to decide whether or not they will send me a replacement.I just want what I paid for, and I believe I am entitled to that.  I have done nothing wrong and don't deserve to have my time wasted by these roundabout methods to what should be a very obvious and satisfactory solution:  Replace the machine.It seems like the only mistake I made was choosing Lenovo.  Twice.