So, I'd done a lot of research and saving-up before buying this laptop, the first laptop I'd ever bought at retail. From the experience of countless secondhand budget laptops, I'd come to understand just what makes a perfect laptop, and while this laptop isn't 100% perfect, it's as close to perfection-to-price as you can get. For double or even triple the price, you can get a comparable laptop with some of the quirks resolved (like in an overpriced, less durable Sony laptop), but for most people, this is "IT".Let's talk about its strengths. 500gb 7200rpm hard drive, fast enough to compete with - and even beat - some desktop hard drives in my own testing. Since the hard drive basically directly determines a computer's real-world performance, this thing really, really flies. And at 500gb, it's big enough to store anything and never have to think about it. It's still a good idea to think about it, but still. The cover is actually very much black, not "dark brown", which is a huge lifesaver to me... I would hate to carry around a brown laptop that literally "looks like crap". It's got two clear indicators on the sides telling you when the nVidia graphics chip is turned on, or the i5-integrated Intel IGP is in use. The Intel IGP is absolutely eons ahead of its class, able to rip through simple 3D games and HD video as if it was on a dedicated chip. But for those times when you really DO need a dedicated chip, the nVidia GT 325M kicks in and totally roars through anything you throw at it. Haven't yet been able to get it to stutter. CUDA support means when developers finally get off their lazy arse and embrace the technology, you can run your video encoding and various other computations on there as well. There's currently a CUDA h264 encoder available, but due to a lack of advanced settings (such as motion estimation mode & range), the quality is really poor. SuperSpeed USB 3.0 is an amazing new technology (I bought a SATA-to-USB3 adapter for this as well) that really delivers "holy crap" speeds - AND power - to an external interface. A Flash media holder in the ExpressCard slot cover is a nice touch as well. Battery life is pretty average for a laptop, around 2... 2.5 hours with average use. More when just watching a movie, less when playing a game or otherwise engaging the power-hungry nVidia chip (all the more reason to love this laptop - it can actually turn its discrete graphics chip *completely off* and runs that way most of the time).Weaknesses? Well... it's got a few. For one, no Blu-Ray drive, though the hardware is more than capable of it. And no Bluetooth... even though the header on the board - AND preapplied double-stick tape! - are right under the front-left part of the palm rest. Those can both be resolved by installing a SATA Blu-Ray drive, and acquiring the appropriate model Bluetooth adapter. The others, not so much. First, and quite annoying for some, Optimus is "automatic only", with no way to manually change graphics adapters. You can add exceptions for "use the nVidia chip for this application", for example, but you can't actually engage the nVidia chip full time. I almost think it has something to do with Optimus itself, perhaps that it doesn't actually "switch" graphics controllers, but merely uses the nVidia chip to render certain applications and pass the rendered graphics to the Intel IGP to be displayed. That would explain why the screen never even flickers when the nVidia chip switches on or off. *shrug* Anyway, the sound also isn't that hot... not nearly as "Amazing" as the description implies - less tinny than most laptops, but still not as mind-blowingly "big sound" as some Toshiba laptops I've used. And the software, oh god the software. Comes with so much Asus bloat & crapware, I spent a good part of the first day owning it just cleaning it up. The Asus auto-updater is totally useless, never offers updates available on the Asus website (like a BIOS update, available right out of the box). And the hard drive is partitioned into 2 main parts - OS and Data - both for performance and for safe keeping, but Data is - as with all known OEMs - not configured to be used for anything by default. It takes some techgeekery to relocate your user profile (C:\Users\You, for example) to this data drive (D:\You), but it's worth it. And the touchpad is absolutely god-awful, taking several days to get used to its quirks and oddities. Software is cheap Chinese "Elan" crap, far unlike the polished, refined Synaptics touchpads the world has grown up with. Picks up stray taps that weren't even touching (just hovering over the pad), and misses taps and gestures that are. Really wish Asus just stuck with what works, and stuck with a Synaptics touchpad.Overall this laptop is, quite simply, the most perfect performance for value you can get. Raw performance is mind-blowing - it's a laptop you can throw ANYTHING at and be able to run. Any PC game, any computing task, it can do it. It's a portable powerhouse. It's just a little rough around the edges, but at under $1,000, you'll never find a better deal. Period.