I have been looking for a new ultrabook since my prior unit stopped booting randomly four years ago. I picked up a cheap Asus a few months after beginning my search due to budget restrictions that came upon me. When the first generation Asus Zenbook launched, I loved the appearance of it and the majority of aspects surrounding it. After a few months, letting the reviews come in, I went into a Best Buy, where I was talked out of buying it because there was rumors of a new version, this unit, that would be released. I obsessed over this ultrabook, and the day it was posted on Amazon, I jumped at it.Overall Appearance: Sleek and stylish with sharp edges, a very modern looking design. I love the solid body aluminum design. While it does resemble the Macbook Air in a lot of ways, that is what I like about it. Apple did things right, and other companies are following suit, while making improvements at the same time.Display: The display is amazing on this ultrabook. I have always utilized a high resolution on my desktops and previous ultrabooks, and the full 1080p resolution tops it for me on this one. As for the brightness, I actually had to turn it down in a dimly lit room, finding it too bright for my eyes. I took it outside on the patio, and the contrast and display allowed for use without a lot of glare. Very versatile, can be used anywhere, which could be one if its flaws. Because of the wide angle view, public use may be difficult if you are working on something sensitive or private, luckily neither of which I don't have to worry much about.Performance: This thing is great for everything I have thrown at it. I installed Diablo 3 on it, and with a quick tweaking of the settings (mainly upping the resolution to match the display) it was working great. The ssd tied in with the improved integrated graphics engine have really made this one of the best ultrabooks on the market right now. I have played through some of the more intensive quests with no stuttering and only very very minor screen tearing which is common on even some higher end lcd displays. This unit can handle everything that I need it for, from gaming to casual web use, so I am thrilled.Other: The battery life is more than adequate for what I require. After the initial charge, I got 5 hours from it, and that was with some Diablo 3 and youtube mixed in there, so it was as close to "real world" results as I could personally get for me. I haven't messed with any of the settings, so getting more out of it is surely possible. The addition of the backlit keyboard on this new version was a great idea, with the option of changing the brightness setting allows for even more versatility.Solid ultrabook for every day and performance use. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a product that can perform.