Yep! I named it! lol. I also watched the advertisement video of the first generation of core i... processors. Wow...nostalgicThe N61JQ-X1 did give me my first BSOD as well as the yellow/blue squares *for me* before I crashed just about 3 months or so after i purchased it in april 2010. However, what I quickly realized is that those crashes were also due to the laptop's heat, and i'm sure you know what i'm talking about. I live in the Caribbean so I can definitely testify about the laptop's heat generation. About a year or so though, after trying to combat this problem by directing a fan to it *since my room doesnt' have AC unlike the computer lab when I was in high school*, this wasnt' going to work anymore. Afte putting it on, I noticed through some temp monitors that my processor and gpu were reading about..80 to 90 degrees (celcius) on regular/idle states, and the room temperature for me here was/is about 30 degrees during the day. I tried applying thermal paste *arctic silver* to the cpu and gpu, but, I didn't notice any drastic change -- only by about 2 degrees. So yeah, about...6 months from this post, I decided to start eliminating the temperature spike by removing the back panel and, it's dropped by 20 degrees now. Oh and I was using the cooler from the time I got the laptop by the way. However, despite all these problems, I'm still impressed by the laptop. I can even run Crysis 3! Back in the day, I could've run Gears of war, Resident Evil 5, Call of Duty  MW2 on max settings. Lol. It takes your back. But this baby isnt' out yet and isnt' close to that.I'm not sure why others have experienced worse problems such as the loss of their fans etc., but I guess I was one of the fortunate one to notice how to counteract this heat problem a bit quickly. Currently, I have windows 8 instaleld on it, 64 bit, *pro version* and it's running quiite smoothly. No problems, except of course, the heat, and this darn webcam problem I've experienced since 2011, where it keeps telling me that another program is using it etc. and yeah, I've tried a lot to fix this issue.But the point is, I'm quite pleased with this laptop. It's given me sooo much service, and I'll continue to use it happily, just not as continuously now, as I've been using it literally for at least 8 hours every day since 2010. It's amazing to see how far we've reached in just 3 years, since this laptop uses about 34% more power than the average laptop at the moment.http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/2RNKFQSJQDVX2/ref=topnav_lists_1This is the rig I'm building and I shall be building it when the rest of the parts come a few days after I post this. I've moved onto the desktop stage, and perhaps next year, I'll go with Asus again, but this time, with the haswell processor and perhaps the maxwell gpu. However, I'll go with less rigorous specs.But overall, I'm quite pleased with this laptop, and I thank Asus for designing this. It's served me well in its. Now it's time to move on to the desktop gaming rig big boys!