I've been a very active PC/Laptop user from the days of DOS and have never owned an Apple machine. About four months ago my company gave me a 13" MacBookPro to replace a one year old Dell Latitude. I always thought the Mac fanatics were just that, fanatics that oversold the merits of the Apple units and I'm here to say how wrong I was. It only took a single day of multitasking, using Office Word, Excel, surfing on Firefox while ripping CD's into iTunes - all unplugged and I suddenly realized that I'd been working for over 5 hours without having to plug in to recharge. That in itself is amazing.The housing is a durable single piece of aluminum and it's so thin and light and this is important - it runs so cool that you can actually just sit it on your lap and work for long periods without any discomfort.The keyboard is another stellar piece of design. My sons always said their Macs had superior keyboards but until I used this one for an extended period of time I didn't believe them - I do now. The one major difference in the keyboard design is that most other laptops have a large single pad underneath the keys you see and so the key itself is depressing into a large single piece. The Mac has individual pads under each key. Why does that make a difference? I can't explain the technical reasons but I can attest to the fact that it makes the keyboard extremely responsive, quite and comfortable.Additionally, the back-lighting of the keyboard makes working in low light a breeze.But the touch pad is one of the biggest pluses IMHO. Trust me - if you use one of these for about three to four days and then use a Windows based unit, you'll find yourself trying to maneuver the screen using gestures that do nothing. N=By that I mean the fact that on the Mac you can scroll pages with inertia using a two finger swipe is amazing. It's one of those things - like a Springsteen concert - that has to be seen in person to truly see the advantages of this.Once you've used that feature, you'll find it nearly impossible to go back to the standard, grab the little scroll arrow with the cursor and advance method. The inertia feature is almost like flipping the pages of a book - like you want to skim quickly and the Mac senses how much force you've slid those two fingers and factors that into how far the page scrolls.Additionally, if you use three fingers and slide them left, you perform the same function as hitting the back page arrow. If you place two fingers on the pad and simply spread them - the screen zooms - do the opposite and it shrinks. And you can program the four corners of the screen to whatever display option you desire.For instance, if I move my cursor to the lower right corner, all currently open windows are displayed so you can effortlessly switch between them or if you move the cursor to the bottom left, the desktop is displayed.The bottom line is that this laptop is by far the most elegantly designed, flawlessly manufactured and reliable machine I've ever used.