Although there are a lot of great things about this netbook, it has some serious flaws.  After a month of pure headaches and hair-pulling, I returned mine.  (Thank goodness for amazon's awesome return policy!)Problem #1:  Horrible touchpad.  As other reviewers have noted, the touchpad is simply atrocious.  It is ridiculously over-sensitive and seriously interferes with typing, to the point of making it almost impossible to get any significant word processing accomplished.  Furthermore, it doesn't have proper buttons, but instead the "buttons" are part of the touchpad itself.  The right-click function never even worked on mine (at least, not in Windows).  The basic pointer function is pretty awful too, worse than any of the other notebooks I've owned.  It doesn't have a scroll tab either, and despite hours of technical support I was unable to disable tapping.  Really, this is an over-the-top ridiculous problem.  It would have been better if the unit had no touchpad at all.  I had to use an external mouse anyway, and the pad continually interferes with typing.Problem #2:  Bug makes it impossible to perform factory reset.  On netbooks (and on all PCs) it is common to ship with a factory reset partition instead of recovery CD/DVD media.  With every other PC I've owned, as long as you keep that recovery partition intact then you can perform a factory reset.  Well, not with this netbook!  I never touched the recovery partition, or any of the Windows partitions either.  But the unit ships with a storage-only NTFS partition onto which I installed linux.  I'm not sure exactly what the problem was, but when I attempted to perform a factory reset (because I was trying to fix the touchpad issues, see problem #1 above) I discovered that it was now impossible, despite the fact that both the Windows and the recovery partitions were completely untouched.  When I contacted ASUS tech support, they told me I would have to physically mail in the unit to get it reset.  (Instead I just returned it to amazon for a refund.)Problem #3:  Subpar battery life.  This one I knew before I bought it, but it's still irritating.  It is well-known that the Atom D2700 performs similarly to the Celeron 847, but the former has much better battery life.  This is probably true for other Atom processors like the D2550.  I know that my old Atom N270 system gets better battery life.  Since this netbook doesn't have more than 2GB memory, nor any other worthwhile feature not supported by the Atom line, it doesn't make sense to me to insist on the Celeron.  If I buy another netbook any time soon, I'll try to get an Atom.Problem #4:  Limited linux compatibility.  The hardware does not support the latest ubuntu-variant releases.  Instead I had to downgrade to xubuntu 12.04, and even then the grub2 bootloader never worked correctly.  (This is due to the UEFI alternative to BIOS.)  This problem hit me totally out of left field, since Asus has a history of making linux-friendly products.  In fact, they offer this very netbook to ship with ubuntu instead of windows!  So I was very upset to learn that the windows version doesn't play well with linux, since I do most of my work in linux and only need Windows for specialized tasks.Somebody before me said that "you get what you pay for."  But it doesn't take money to fix these issues.  There are plenty of netbooks out there at the same price point but which have MUCH better design.  Asus has simply dropped the ball here.  Big time.