Update: I have used this computer for about 1 week and the versatility really exceeded my expectation. I actually like the 13.3 big screen for tablet compared to my asus transformer prime, which is about 10 inches. The keyboard is not that bothering on landscape mode for the tablet. The screen is also very bright. For the fan noise, it is really not noticeable if I do not put my ear to the keyboard. The computer is always below 50 celcus degrees. So I am confident that the computer will not burn,compared to my dell xps m1330,which can lead to 90 celcus degrees easily. So really happy with my purchase and I will keep it as my main computer. I would like to upgrade the hard drive for another 256 gb in short time.-----------------------------------------original review:I have been waiting for a windows 8 laptop since last June when my dell xps M1330 dies of heat.  Many windows 8 ultrabook is out since last October. I mainly target for the laptop but occasional tablet (because windows 8 is VERY short of good apps). For a laptop, I do not want the screen to be too small . So I leave out Samsung Smart PC and MS Surface Pro. I also leave out Asus Zenbook Prime and Samsung Series 9 because they are not able to be served as tablet at all.Thus, the only left option is actually Yoga 13 and Thinkpad Twist. However, the twist is  too old styled and do not look cool. Therefore, I finally decided on Yoga 13, which I have researched a lot online. The main  cons are not-so-good tablet because you grab to keyboards and the fan noise.  The fan noise could be just bios stetting but also could resulting from the fact that the fan hitting the metal housing (which make a very loud noise). Keyboard is not my concern but fan noise does, because a flawed fan can in the long-term burn your machine.  I thought that lenovo should have updated their fan because the the laptop has been out about 3 months. So I ordered from Amazon when it is first out.I got it yesterday and clearly, the fan noise is still there. The FAN runs 100% all the time. I can also hear that the fan is hitting something if I stay in a quiet room and listen carefully. Lenovo clearly has not updated their bios or fan design at all.I am not sure if I will need to keep this one or not, because clearly it has some flaws in the model (fan design)[...], although the form factor is great. I will wait for a few days and update my experiences. Because Amazon does not have the model in stock, I will not be able to exchange for another one.Except for the fan noise design flaw, the YOGA 13 is mainly for people who want a new laptop but with occasional tablet function. It has many GREAT things as follows:1) slick design;2) ideal laptop and tablet combination;3) very bright screen with IPS;4) really nice keyboard with deep punctuation and curved edges;5) very easy to upgrade with larger SSD and memory.