I have friends and associates who recommended this chromebook to me, and as of yet--I think that it is a wonderful device! I conducted research before acquiring this, and although the low cost motivated me--I don't typically throw money around for kicks. This was a $200 well spent in my book because the Acer c720 is a useful tool. It would also be a huge step up from nothing for users can't afford a full fledged laptop, this to me, is revolutionary.Overview:It's not necessarily a laptop replacement, but it's better than a laptop in a few ways. The main strength of the Chrome OS is that it is very difficult to hack, and it is usually intuitive and fast to use. This could replace a laptop for someone who only checks their email and does not need a computer for anything apart than web browsing. It's light, inexpensive and operates as a computer for accessing one's google drive and online resources. Everything that it does is FAST, extremely fast for a computer with 2GB.Reasons why I bought it:I have a mac book pro, but after it experienced connectivity issues with my campus network I realized that I only used photoshop and other memory intensive programs at home. I now carry this chrome book with me because it is light, inexpensive and will allow me to upload files for class, type, check my email and visit facebook. It's a mobile computer which I use to submit assignments and can even do in browser programming for class. It's a chromebook dedicated for getting work done, if I need power I'll go home or elsewhere--with this I can't play games (a definite plus for productivity's sake) and feel motivated to work. I sometimes keep it open at home in order to check my email while I'm working on my computer. I also wanted a smallish computer that didn't run windows or android--this fit the bill.This works for me because if necessary-- there are plenty macs and pcs on campus if I need other programs. Also it's fine for anything that I might need to do in a coffee shop.Size: Small and light. I know average sized men who use it therefore the small size is not necessarily an impediment for average use, but the small size might also make it suitable for a child. When it's in my backpack I don't even notice that it's there.positives:+ 7 second boot up+ watching videos online is great+ Light+ 200 dollars is a stellar price for its size and functionality+ App store has note taking apps for class+ decent battery life (8 hours)+ FASTnegatives:- keyboard and track pad are average (use a usb mouse)The keyboard does not feel wonderful on my hands although it is certainly an attractive chiclet style board.- /+ offline functionality is not superb--average. Carrying a usb drive for backup might be useful for some people.- the slideshow part of google drive is unreliable, don't depend on it- Feels unsubstantial-- some people might drop it if they're not careful--it is very light, don't leave it near the edges of tables if you have a cat.Improvements:I would like a less "grainy" keyboard, a more comfortable track pad, skype and a full-ish microsoft office would also be great (but I knew this before I bought the computer). Perhaps having microsoft office would defeat the purpose of a chromebook? If it is offered in the future I'll try it though.Also, if something were to happen to my main laptop or it were in the shop (never happened) I could still have a screen larger and more comfortable than my ipod touch. For the price--this is a wonderful machine and I plan to use it until it no longer works.Recommended for:teachers, students, grad students, fans of chrome os, web browsing people, travelersCase suggestions: I bought the timbuk2 quickie case for this in XS and I'll probably review it when it arrives. I already have it for my 13 inch mac, therefore if it fits--I'll be very pleased. Although it might be a 200 dollar computer, I want to protect it from bangs and scratches, as well as have room for a mouse and the power cord.I recommend finding a nice mouse to use with this chromebook.+++ I't's also possible to run Linux OS as a dual boot on this chromebook. I'll write a sentence or two about this experience when I accomplish it.Feel free to ask me any questions about this chromebook and I'll be happy to answer them.