I am a desktop, notebook, netbook, tablet, and smartphone user.  My tablet's accelerometer and gyroscope were getting frustratingly slow, my netbook was always slow, and I wanted something with a larger screen and attached keyboard; even though I have a Bluetooth keyboard for my tablet.  Since I am a proficient typist, I tried out the Samsung and the other company's $199 version and was very impressed with the Samsung's keyboard and over-all performance of the computer.  So here are my PROS and CONS:PROS- Fast bootup time and extremely fast from Sleep Mode.  When booting up or coming out of sleep, you will need to wait a few seconds to be connected with your WiFi -- then it's full-speed ahead.- The first time Set Up procedure took under five minutes to sync all my Chrome Browser, from my desktop, bookmarks, extensions, themes, etc. and Gmail contacts, messages, etc.  What a joy to be able to get down to using this new computer instantly.- Trackpad is a joy to use.  I did slow its speed down somewhat to make it less "active."  The two finger movements need a little practice, but once you get use to it the functions are easy to maneuver.- My wireless mouse works perfectly with the Chromebook but I only used it once so far.  The trackpad is so easy to use that I have begun to prefer it -- possibly since I have been using my tablet for 1 1/2 years and there may be this touch transference.- I switched the Search Key to make it a CAPS lock key.  Glad there is this option.- Since I don't plan on doing any word processing, spreadsheets, photo editing, slideshows, etc. on the computer; my searching the internet, doing e-mails, streaming music and television episodes are flawless.- I find the viewing angle more than acceptable.  Sure it does "wash out" if you look too far up or down; but the screen's hinge is rugged and stays in place at the most desireable viewing angle.- Even though it is made of plastic and does have a very slight bend if you want to bend it, the computer is rugged and light-weight.  Going from an 8.9" screen tablet to this 11.6" computer does put a slight weight to the holding factor, but the computer is very well balance.- I am getting at least the advertised 6.5 hours of battery life.- There is no "Save" or "Save As" function when doing word processing (or at least I haven't found it); but everything is automatically saved in the Cloud on Google Drive.  That saves a few keystrokes.- Using CTRL-ALT-? is a great idea to see all the functions available with the keyboard when using key combinations.- The volume is more than adequate.  The speakers put out about three times more volume than my tablet.  Sure they are not part of a 2.1 stereo configuration, but they work well.  Using quality earbuds or over-the-ear earphones improves sound quality.CONS- Why is there a Search Key and a Search icon?  This is why I changed the key to a CAPS lock.  A minor annoyance.- Keyboard keys are not backlit.  I suppose that is to keep the cost and weight to a minimum.- No replaceable battery.  For $249 when the battery is depleated -- buy another Chromebook.- One final, minor annoyance:  Opening the Samsung Chromebook is a tight process.  There is a very small opening between the screen lid and the trackpad to "wedge" your fingers in to open the computer.  I can see this as a major problem with anyone having larger fingers than mine.  Don't put a flat-head screw driver in the slot and twist -- ha!After four days of having the Chromebook powered up for about 10 hours a day, using it a good four hours and the rest of the time it is in Sleep Mode; I can honestly say that this has been a great purchase and I would buy this device again.  I have only needed to charge it every-other-night.