I've owned this laptop for about six months for light computing purposes. This laptop is mainly used as a portable machine for school purposes such as Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, .pdf files, and so on. Nothing heavy.I did my research. This laptop was the best specification-wise compared to other laptops with similar specifications. I was impressed, and I wanted this laptop, so I bought it.This laptop comes with an AMD A10-5750M APU 2.50 GHz, 6.00 GB RAM, 64-bit Windows 8, AMD Radeon HD 8650 graphics, and 1 TB of storage.Not too shabby for the price range; however, this is not a high-quality laptop.Right out of the box, some of the keys on the keyboard are uneven, either low on one end or high on the other, which makes the key harder to press. Not to mention having uneven keys on a new laptop out of the box causing the emotional effect that you just bought something new that already has problems.Secondly, the screen borderlines on almost worthless. There was a review online that said the screen quality was the worst out of the bunch when compared to other laptops this price range; however, I ignored this thinking it wouldn't be that big of a deal since the price was so low. If you look closely enough, you can actually see the pixels. The screen actually looks fuzzy when you look close enough.Thirdly, the performance feels sub-par for a machine with this hardware in it. There were some other reviews on Amazon, before I even purchased this, that were saying the performance was low when they benchmarked it. I ignored those reviews because I simply did not believe them with a computer having these specifications on it. This computer does perform well for most computing tasks, but It is definitely not performing on a level that it should with this processor.Fourthly, there is a problem with sleep mode when the lid is closed. Sometimes the laptop goes into sleep mode, sometimes not. I called Lenovo twice, and they went through there 123rescue.com technical support and looked through my computer. All the power settings under the basic tab and advance tabs were correct. They were set for when the lid closes the laptop goes into sleep mode. They checked windows update, claiming that the laptop was updating, which the logs says it did not update. They checked the event log which nothing showed up. I checked the wireless card settings to make sure the box, "allow this device to wake the computer", which was not checked. This laptop had all the most recent driver updates from AMD and Lenovo's website including BIOS and Chipset updates. Honestly, if you were to just shut the computer off when you are done, then this would never be a problem; however, I feel that a computer should run properly without avoiding certain techniques.Fifthly, the case has a lot of flex to it. It feels cheap. If you are buying this laptop to carry around for school, work, or any portable uses, it is best to buy a laptop that is sturdy.Sixthly, the trackpad and the left and right click that comes with it is useless. The trackpad is rough and unresponsive. The right and left click are uneven making them unattractive and cheap looking. The right and left click is very loud making it a problem for other people in the library with me.In conclusion, I have always bought quality products such as ASUS or Sony. ASUS had a comparable laptop with an AMD A8 series-processor and was about 50 dollars more, so I turned my head to ASUS and bought this Lenovo. I made a terrible mistake. I sacrificed buying a quality brand for another brand that looked better on paper but ended up being what it is. Cheap.2.5 out of 5 Stars. Props for good specs and low price. Everything else is just cheap.