In a word, wow!I have been hunting for a laptop/tablet combo for some time and was interested in the MS Surface but hated the keyboard and thought the price difference between the base model running the powered down windows and the full windows version was a ridiculous leap (and did I mention that I hated the keyboard?).Leading up to this purchase, I have gone through laptops in the past, most recently an Acer netbook (which finally crapped out on me thus leading to this purchase), and an iPad mini with Bluetooth keyboard. The netbook was slow and the iPad was less functional than I wanted for a work station so the death of the netbook led me to renew my search, and finally I landed on this.This is everything I wanted in an affordable package and from a long standing leader in PC hardware (an industry leader on motherboards for a long time). The end result - pure magic.I also have to give some major props to MS for the new Win 8, it might be kind of ugly looking at first glance with its simply blocky looks, but it is super fast booting and with a little getting used to is (I am finding) vastly superior to iOS in terms of balance between features and simplicity. The ASUS Transformer includes the full Win 8.1, not the scaled down simplified version which only includes the blocky app screen but no desktop. This translates into instant transfer back and forth between two screens, a full desktop screen and a tablet app screen, which translates into BRILLIANT! I have mostly at this point been using the desktop but the app screen is great for alerting you to your schedule (which once you log in to outlook it automatically syncs with your contacts and schedule) and the arrival of emails. Put this together with a tight and super functional hardware thanks to ASUS and the result is pure gold that doesn't break the bank.Here's a sum of the features that make this book the best bang for your buck:1. I'm no tech geek but I respect the hardware specs in this and easily eclipses iPads (8 gig HD still being standard, or pay the 'apple tax' to double that for 100$ - this has 64 gigs, about half you get to use thanks to Windows, but also have USB connections, one 3.0 on keyboard and one mini on the tablet, and a micro-SD slot, so memory is not critical like iPads), the screen is clear with brilliant coloration2. Functionality of an integrated keyboard/touchpad cannot be overrated - this is lightyears beyond what I was able to achieve with my iPad setup and disconnecting from the keyboard is easy just the touch of a button (it also secures into the base very well and there is no wiggle - a very well designed package)3. Software - full Win 8.1 plus free MS Office (compare to the Surface and the price difference is shocking) and this thing handles the full Windows without breaking a sweat (you also get access to a 1000gb ASUS virtual memory internet drive if you think the 64gb HD is too small)4. Design is simple but very functional, after a little getting used to all the buttons and whatnot are easily accessible and they also got rid of a lot of the extraneous buttons that have come to plague most PC-booksUltimately the looks of the Transformer don't make it stand out in a crowd, but put all the features together and this thing is the best deal on the market - I couldn't be more pleased with it!