I was looking for a good inexpensive laptop and after going around and reading a bunch of reviews I settled on this one for the price compared to the specs. The computer is not bad. I'm a bit disappointed that I didn't see much of a speed improvement over the Acer laptop I bought two years ago, but it's a little better. The ergonomics are ok. The arrow buttons and number pad are laid out a little strange and take some getting used to, I'm still not great with the small number pad but I'm getting better with practice. The keyboard takes some getting used to as the buttons seem just a tad off to the left and I'm still not up to full typing speed (oh and the enter button is already sticking a bit, this pc is only a few months old!). My biggest complaint is that I record a podcast and I bought this mostly to make recordings. The sound chip in this is terrible, and after searching around I've found a lot of other people with similar RealTek issues. Playback is fine but attempting to do any input gets wonky very quickly. The ports don't recognize that things are plugged or unplugged properly. I contacted Asus and their initial solution was to reformat and reinstall Windows. Again after reading of other folks having the same issues I determined that wasn't likely to help so I just spent 34 bucks on an external usb sound card. I just got it today but it seems to be working fine. Another bit of trouble I've had is the ethernet port doesn't seem to function properly. I went to setup an Asus wifi router which has you plug the router into the pc for setup. The router would never read as functional through the ethernet port on this computer. Luckily, I still have the Acer sitting around and used it's ethernet port to complete the router setup. I would have continued using the Acer but the video card got a bit screwy upon lightning hitting the house, and I needed a new computer with a properly working monitor quickly. Overall the size and weight are ok and battery life is good. This one vents out the side which I can't tell if I like or not. My Acer vents out the back causing my legs to get very hot and while this is a bit nicer it also often blows straight onto the power cord, which seems bad to me though it may never cause any problems. The cool wrist rest feature really seems to work, so that is good. The monitor is just ok, the viewing angles aren't great, but that's kinda what you get with a laptop. The trackpad is nice and the buttons feel better than the Acer. I would hesitate to buy another Asus product after getting this laptop. I did just get a Nexus 7, built by Asus, that I really like, so who knows... With this you are buying a cheap laptop and if I had it to do over I'd get another Acer instead.