I bought two of these 14" HP Chromebooks for my 13-year old sons to do school homework on instead of the desktops that tempt them to wander off into game sites and forget their assignments.  I was worried that a homework laptop would be a much unappreciated gift.  But I was totally wrong.First, these are very attractive, although somewhat heavy, machines.  Everyone has adopted the Fruit Company sleek look and this 14" Chromebook is no exception.  It is longer and wider and thicker than other systems, but it is a beautiful 14-inch display.  With the Haswell processor, my sons played much of the day and one used 25% of the battery and the other used 50%.  They had to break for meals, after all.Second, I think they had their systems updated and online in five minutes and said, "Hey, Dad!  It already has Flash installed!" and they were obviously on Adventure Quest World and not the Mathletics site that parents hope will draw the kids.  Five minutes later they knew that if they reduced screen resolution the game sped up and was very playable.Third, I had them test the sites that host their homework and all worked fine.  They were able to login and do the homework exercises without incident, get them bookmarked and back to gameplay in short order.  Only once or twice did they go back to their dedicated gaming desktops to do something on Steam or somewhere else.Finally, as they were forced to bed to sleep they rated the Chromebook as their best gift and that it made for a great Christmas.  I highly recommend these to anyone as an alternative to a "real" laptop.That said, I'm not sure about the Google Plus environment.  We created accounts for each boy and for me, connected our Family Circle, but I find all the clutter of Hangouts and related Apps you need of iPad or other systems to be totally confusing and unintegrated.  I have yet to get a shot at much time on the Chromebooks, but if things work better there that gives me hope, but for cross-device families I think the experience is a challenge.Oh, my final purchase decision was the under-$300 pricing of this at the time.  Although it was out of stock, I felt I was early enough to get the orders fulfilled by Christmas and they were.  IN spite of my appreciation for this system, it's solid 5GHz Wi-Fi support and its excellent Chrome browsing experience, I think $300 is my current limit for a device with Chromebook limitations.  Yes, I agree with the advantages (light OS maintenance, decent system security, etc) but I still feel this need to have local apps for when the network isn't there.I'll try to update this review over the next three months as we get more experience with these but after one day they are a major hit.One note, the Coral Red color looks like the faded paint on a 1970's import car that was parked in the sun for 40 years.  It also shows where oily hands have touched the case.  The White is much cleaner looking, but both boys like their colors and won't give them up.