First, I'm a long time Windows-Based Computer user. This is my first Apple product ever. I have to admit, up until recently I've considered myself an Anti-Apple Crusader! But in my new job, I've got a lot of exposure to Apple's products and the customers feedback has been overwhelming: People love their Apples!! You combine that with life-long series of disappointments, frustrations, freezes, crashes, viruses and 'updates' with each and every "PC" I have come to own or use ( and trust me when I say: I've got my hands on quite a few).It was a 'Green Monday' deal at a nearby Bestbuy store: Apple MacBook Pro 13" for a little over $1000 with 6-18 months Financing. I just couldn't let it pass. And so I got my hands on my first Mac.Urban Myths Versus First-Hand Realities:-----------------------------------------------1) The Only True PC On The Market: We use the abbreviation PC so loosely that we kind of forgot what it stands for: "Personal Computer." So it has nothing to do with a particular OS or hardware manufacturer but rather the combination of both and the overall user's experience. That's being said, and having used my Macbook for  over two months, I'm ready to make a rather bold statement: Mac computers are the only true PC's on the market. Other machines are more less of Windows-Bloated computers!!2) The Mac OS: Mine has Mac OS X v10.7 Lion pre-installed.  I have to admit I was afraid the switch was going to be hard because I knew nothing about Macs. But 3 days into using my MacBook Pro, I fell in love with it!  The Operating System is very user-friendly and ridiculously easy to use/navigate. The following link was a great reference for me: [...]. I also went on YouTube for more advise on how to get the best of my new Mac. And the Apple Rep at the nearby BestBuy store was super helpful. Honestly, by the end of the first week, I was up & running and since, never really needed to ask any questions as to how use my Mac. Oh, one more thing that is worth highlight: settings ("System Preferences") are very visualized & easy to set up & change. Three thumbs up! I know I'll never miss the "Control Panel" on other so-called PC's.3) Superior Build Quality: You get what you pay for. You're paying premium price but you're also getting a premium quality. The Aluminium unibody is an eye and a hand pleaser! The built quality is superb and attention to details is meticulous!4) Great Juice Pack! The MacBook Pro is, hands down, the best battery life laptop out there with 7 hours of rigorous use easy! I can't think of any other laptop that comes close.5) Lack of HDMI port: Simply overrated! All you need is a Mini Display to HDMI adaptor and you're set! It would be nice to have a dedicated HDMI but I don't think it's a deal breaker.6) Blue Ray Drive: Well, it would be nice to have but I don't miss it. Here's why, because I don't like spending $25 on Blue Ray Discs!!7) ClickPad: Once you learn the different gestures you can do with your fingers on the generously spaced ClickPad, you're hooked for life. It makes browsing the Internet a pleasurable experience. It really is flawless.8) WebCam: is standard VGA 1.3 MP that fell short of expectations, especially when compared to the 2.0 MP WebCam found on laptops like my previous Lenovo Edge 14". I have to admit, the difference in video conferencing quality is noticeable. I am not saying it's bad but I surely have seen better and was hoping for more.9) I love the "Dock." It really is the easiest way to access frequently used apps. When you combine it with the "Launchpad" then all of your apps come within reach. The whole platform is optimized for multitasking.10) The First Comprehensive Digital Ecosystem: Apple-branded devices work in a near perfect harmony with each other: iPhone, iPad, MacBook Pro, Time Capsule and Apple TV. You've got apps for your MacBook, apps for your iPhone, your iPad. You've got all kinds of accessories to personalize & maximize work and play output. It's like being a member of an exclusive club where you get Prime time every time!!Bottom Line:---------------It sure is worth every penny I have invested into buying it. I'm not saying it's perfect. But it sure is the closest you can get to perfection.