I was looking for something to travel with and be able to connect to the internet, do emailing, some light surfing and maybe type up a few things for work.  I kept looking at various styles of tablets, "phablets" and net books.  I didn't want to invest a serious amount of money into a laptop since it wouldn't be something to completely replace my desktop PC, but something to use while on the go.  After months of researching and testing various items, I settled on a Chromebook.  After speaking with several people "in the know" about them, I chose to get this Samsung version.Here are a few things that might help you make your decision that absolutely did influence mine :1) You get what you pay for.  Yes Walmart has an Acer version of the Chromebook for $199, but it's kind of shoddy.  Everyone I spoke with had only negative things to say about Acer products and how cheaply they are built.  This version by Samsung for this price point is an absolute steal.2) Don't expect it to replace your fancy Mac laptop (or any other high-end laptop).  It's essentially a tablet on steroids with a built in keyboard.  The OS is very simple to use and understand... even more-so if you are a regular Android user (via phone or tablet).3)  Play Store is your friend !  You can find all kinds of helpful (and also free) apps to download to make your Chromebook even better.  Some apps you might have to pay for ... such is life... but you can seriously bulk up on almost anything you want from the Play Store.  If you have an Android phone and love the things you can add, then you will love being able to put most of the same programs on this.4)  YOU CAN'T STREAM AUDIO VIA BLUETOOTH.... yet.  One drawback that I didn't find out about until after purchase is that YES you can connect to Bluetooth for printing and some headsets that enable chat, but that's it.  Not able to connect to Bluetooth enabled speakers.  That is kind of a drag since I love streaming music, however I do have other means to accomplish this no problem.  However it does bring me to the next issue...5)  The speakers (located on the bottom of the Chromebook) are kind of quiet.  It doesn't get really loud no matter if everything is turned up full blast.  I've found the best way to watch movies or listen to music with it is to simply bring along wired headphones.  That to me is the biggest reason I wanted to connect to a Bluetooth enabled speaker, so that I could watch movies without headphones.  According to chatter on the Google Groups forums though, this is a known issue that Google is working on and hopefully will be addressed and rectified via update soon (connection via Bluetooth for speakers, not increasing the current speaker volume).6)  I bought the $249 Wi-Fi version.  I have no idea how well the 3G version is with internet, but with the Wi-Fi one, simply connect to a Wi-Fi signal and it runs great.  Smooth and fast with no issues at all.  Even viewing Netflix or Amazon Prime Instant has been great with no loading or buffering issues.  It does have the port to install an internet card on your own though, so if you happen to have or purchase one then you are good to go.7)  The touch-pad for the mouse works fine, but you can easily connect a wireless mouse (or wired) as well.  It also has a built in webcam if you fancy such a bonus.8)  It charges fast and holds a charge for a LONG time.  Compared to the other Chromebook versions, this Samsung version has the longest battery life (claims 6.5 hours, mine has been good for up to 8).  The nice thing is where the battery icon is on screen, if you just click it with your mouse it tells you the battery status.  Good info too, not just "45% battery".  It actually tells you exactly how much time (say 4h 23m) left before the battery dies.  If you plug it in to charge, it will even tell you how much time until the battery is fully charged.9)  It seriously starts-up and shuts-down in less than 10 seconds.  So far I've been timing the start-ups at about 5 seconds each.  It's super fast and kind of surprising.10)  Lastly, it looks good.  The case, the keyboard, the screen.. it's all great.  Smooth and sexy as they say.Those are all my impressions after having it for a decent amount of time now.  I was highly skeptical at first because I've been a die-hard PC user for years and never really liked laptops or tablets, but this has completely sold me.  Not only would I say this is a great travel computer for work or school... but this would be AMAZING for kids (especially college aged ones).  You really can use Google Docs with this to do pretty much any homework / paperwork and you get 100 GB of cloud storage with it for free.  Combining this with any other Google things you use (phones, Gmail, Drive, Chrome OS) it syncs everything together wonderfully.  It even lets you sign is as different users so you can have multiple people use the device with their own settings and info and keeps them from messing up your stuff.All in all, I would highly recommend this product.  Worst case scenario, if you're not in love with it... well Amazon has an excellent return policy and their customer service is always astounding so there is no need to be worried about getting stuck with something you don't like.