I'm not sure why Amazon lists it for more, but I got it for $1000 from Best Buy. It is the same model, I compared the specs. There are more expensive versions available from Lenovo.I write this review from the perspective of a high school student. I use the Yoga for schoolwork (papers, research, online activities), streaming videos, surfing the web, and playing light games (i.e. Cut the Rope).Good things:-Bright screen, with good resolution.-Easy to navigate.-Feels natural to reach out and touch the screen.-Keyboard is nice to type on. The keys are well spaced, and go down a pretty good amount. The top buttons are actually useful. Side buttons for top and bottom of page. The onscreen keyboard is also nice. I get about 50wpm on the actual keyboard and 30wpm on the onscreen one.-Touchpad works. No problems.-Flipping it around is easy, feels natural.-Feels sturdy, nice exterior.-People think it's super cool. That's always a plus.-Loads things quickly. Doesn't freeze. Turns on in about three seconds.-The four modes all have their uses.  -Stand mode: good for having it as a tablet that stands up by itself while on your lap. Can also be on tables, floor, etc.  -Laptop mode: good for being a laptop.  -Tablet mode: even though some people have said they don't like having the keys on the back, it doesn't bother me.  -Tent mode: good when you want it to rest on an uneven surface, or a table. I prefer tent mode to stand mode unless it's on my lap. This is because in stand mode, the screen sometimes goes back a little when you touch it.-Windows button to return to the home screen below screen.-Power button is on the outside, the part that faces you when it's in laptop mode. This is good and bad. The good is that when it's in tablet mode, it's easy to turn off and on, because it's on the top.-Hinges feel sturdy.Bad things:-The camera is not the best. A lot of other hybrids/tablets have much better ones.-Sometimes I accidently do one of the motions on the touchpad, and it switches my screen.-Not a lot of apps. For example, there is currently a top 100 free games section, and there's only 98 apps in it. Hopefully this will get better with time though. Also, the apps are often more expensive than they are on the Apple App store. Fruit Ninja is $5, but it's only $1 on the apple store.-No keypad on the side. Clearly this could not fit, but my family laptop does have one, so I sometimes find myself reaching for it.-Power button on the outside: I have turned it off by accident a couple of times.-I worry the keyboard might get hurt. But it is slightly inset, so if I have it in tablet mode I can set it down without the keys getting hit.-It's too heavy to hold with one hand in tablet mode for more than a minute or two.Bottom line: (in case you skipped all that)I am happy with my purchase. The Lenovo Yoga is fast, responsive, and has a good keyboard. Definitely a good choice for someone in the market for a hybrid. It is not that annoying to have the keys on the back. A great laptop, a great tablet. :)Edit: I've changed my review to four stars, because while I do love my Yoga, I've run into additional problems with continued usage. These may seem small, but they do add up. Sometimes the flip thing doesn't register, so the keys and touchpad don't turn on. Sometimes clicking randomly doesn't work. I have to 'reset the wi-fi adapter' like once a week, and I know it's my laptop because other people are still able to use wi-fi. Overall though, I like it still.