I'll lead with the minor negative and that is Windows 8.  I cannot in good conscience hold the failings of Microsoft against the Sony Vaio ... this situation has been happening since Windows 98.  That being said, I am cautiously optimistic that the announced Windows 8 patch from Microsoft will remove some of the counter-intuitive elements and return the Start button.  It's a very fast, stable operating system but it is clearly designed for a touchscreen device, of which the Sony Vaio is not.That being said, I love the hardware.  Tons of memory, huge hardrive, a lighted keyboard, HD display with a dedicated video card, and a BluRay player for under $1000.  I was lucky and there was a small price drop ($939.00) for a few days so the tax applied (thanks, Texas!) was basically a wash.Here is a more specific breakdown:PROCESSOR/MEMORY/HDD:  Speed is outstanding, especially when waking from a sleep mode state.  No crashes or serious hangups after two weeks of use.  I'm impressed with the stability of this build but Windows 8 does provide some challenges so far.  Love the 8GB of RAM ... tons of programs running simultaneously and no real decrease in speed.  1 TB of HDD space is a big plus, though it is much slower than I'd like.DISPLAY/VIDEO CARD:  Screen is clear, even in moderate sunlight.  Graphics are impressive and have held up well to all the demands I've placed on it to date.  Minor graphics editing tasks (cleaning up video, photos, etc.) don't seem to burden the video card or processor.INPUT DEVICES:  Keyboard response is solid and the lighted keypad is a very nice option.  I'm not thrilled with the clickpad (I prefer real buttons, not simply pressing a corner) but I use a wireless USB mouse so this isn't a drawback for me.  The 17" laptop has the luxury of a numeric keypad which is absolutely essential for my work tasks.BLURAY:  It does what it needs to, though I'm not thrilled with the software included.  I've since upgraded so I have more fine control over watching movies without sucking up processing power.BUILD QUALITY:  It's plastic, but it's sturdy.  Yes, all things considered, I'd rather have an aluminum chassis but the build is on par with most other laptops on the market.  As someone who has had 17" laptops exclusively since the early 2000's, the weight isn't bad in a decent computer brief or backpack.SOFTWARE:  Office 365 is a nice minor upgrade from Office 2010; if you're associated with higher ed (whether as faculty, staff, or student) you can get a 4-year license for less than $70.00 so after the 30-day free trial is up I'll upgrade.  The standard Sony bloatware is easily removed.  Other than that, there are no real bells and whistles here.MISC:  No problem attaching to home, work or public WiFi.  The Bluetooth connectivity is a nice perk.  Sound is a bit flat but I have never expected audiophile speakers on any laptop.  USB ports are nice ... I absolutely love the 3.0 connection for use with my 3.0 External Drive.  Please note that this laptop is a beast to keep clean; oils from fingerprints linger even after wiping with a computer-safe cleaner and a microfiber cloth.OVERALL:  I am thrilled with the purchase so far.  While I can't attest to long term quality yet (and I'll update if anything changes) I am very happy with the Vaio; I was toying with both the Dell and Toshiba offerings in a similar size and this one was $400 cheaper than their offerings for similar specifications.  All in all, if you want a top flight laptop for productivity and light gaming then this is the top choice for budgets under $1000.