First, let me say that this laptop is gorgeous.  I was pleasantly surprised how nice the white color looks on this laptop.  The color is more of a Pearl white and looks very elegant and gives a very good impression at first glance.  This device is plastic, and not the aluminum trim model.  Still, the fit and finish is superb, and definitely Sony quality.  The buttons are great quality and the backlit keyboard is stunning behind the white keys.  The buttons have a great feel to them, and a nice, soft click.  The screen is also of great quality.  Very bright with good contrast ratio.  The machine is a solid piece of hardware.The i7 processor keeps up very well when multitasking, but can become QUICKLY bogged down when making multiple downloads.  I was a little surprised that the machine slowed down as much as it did, but I feel this is more a function (or limitation) of the HDD than the processor.  The fan runs very quiet and minimal heat is felt from the laptop, though it does heat up pretty fast.  The touchscreen also works flawlessly.There are a few important issues with the laptop that keep it from becoming a player, in my opinion.  The main issue being the touch pad on the device.  The pad does not register any clicks on the right side of the pad.  It does, however, register scrolling, etc.  At first, I thought the pad was designed this way, until I realized after using the laptop for an hour how frustrating it was to click on the touch pad and not get a response.  I did all the necessary updates, including the bios update, and even tried to reinstall the touch pad software with no success.  I called Sony, spent an hour on the phone with their technician, and received no help with the issue. I'd say about 75% of the touch pad works great.  The right side of the pad did not work out of the box.  Another issue is battery life.  I'm getting about 2.5 hours at 50% brightness with a balanced power plan.  I was expecting a bit more.  The WIFI has been a bit sporadic, but lately it seems to have become a bit more stable.I guess I was expecting a bit more from a Sony laptop that retails in the $800+ range.  I recently purchased a mid range Aluminum laptop for my wife that is on par with this one for hundreds less, plus the quality controls were much better on her laptop.  This laptop does not include a hybrid drive, which would help speed things up a bit.  My wife's laptop has a hybrid drive.  I think at this price point, you can find a much better laptop that will give you better performance out of the box.UPDATE: After spending another hour on the phone with the Sony technician, I was asked to send the Vaio in for repair.  The return process is very smooth and Sony pays for overnight shipping, as well.  Thanks to Sony for the good service after the initial call, though it is always a little disappointing when you have to send in a brand new device for repair.  But it does happen.  I will have the laptop back in 10 business days, and will update this review if the issue is not corrected.