This review is probably irrelevant as I doubt anyone will buy this computer in late 2012, but...I bought one of these in August of 2010 from my local Best Buy, it replaced both an ancient (ca. 1998) Compaq Armada (1300 or 1600, I forget) and a Dell Optiplex GX240 (also quite old, desktop now running a Minecraft server).  Until July of 2012 it was my primary computer.It worked well for basic tasks (web browsing using Chrome, including fairly heavy YouTube use), as well as some more complex things (programming LEGO robots; downloading via USB or Bluetooth w/ a dongle), but after a time it became extremely slow when gaming, especially playing Minecraft (this might be a problem with Windows/the usual progress of things; it ran better under Ubuntu on the same hardware).  I was at one point able to play Portal; it never really ran Portal 2 all that well.Unfortunately I was stupid and left it plugged in all the time; as a result, the battery now lasts far less time than it did when it was new.  This would not be much of a problem as when this became a reality I used it mainly as a desktop and could keep it plugged it in.  However, the power plug (the part inside the laptop itself) went a bit wonky around 8 months into its life.  The laptop can still be charged, but the plug has to be twisted a bit until it begins charging.  This is a pain when the battery dies completely; I've spent 10-20 mins trying to get it to boot with a dead battery.As an aside, I discovered when troubleshooting the above problem that the laptop will charge just fine using the power adapter shipping with most (all?) Dell laptops form the last 5-6 years.  Looking at the brick, the Dell adapter is providing a volt less power, but I've used Dell adapters several times with no ill effects.After about a year of using it fairly frequently with headphones/external speakers, one of the screws holding in the sound card broke.  Due to the way it is attached, this meant that when I tried to plug anything into the headphone jack the entire sound card pushed into the chassis.  Needless to say, this was extremely inconvenient.  Eventually (a couple of weeks ago) I fixed this my taking the machine apart (extremely complex, not for the faint of heart) and fixed it by taping the sound card back in place with electrical tape.  The tape is partially visible from the outside but only on the black plastic, so you barely notice it.Other hardware comments:  *The trackpad is horrible at worst, usable at best.  If the laptop gets hot (which it will), there is so much friction between the trackpad's surface (which is the same as the rest of the computer below the keyboard, just recessed) and your finger is unusable.  It's also centered under the QWERTY part of the keyboard, not the whole thing, which I find aesthetically weird but makes some sense.  *The keyboard was fine for me, but it's a keyboard, so your mileage may vary.  It has a full sized number pad, which I like.  *The trackpad can be disabled with a button between it and the keyboard. which is useful if you are watching a movie or are using an external mouse.  *The VGA port doesn't have the holes to screw the cable in, which saves space but can sometimes be annoying.  *There is a plugged up, suspiciously HDMI-shaped hole on the left hand side.  Further research confirms that other CQ60 models come with HDMI.  This never made a difference for me but might for other people.In July of 2012 I supplemented this computer with a 6-year-old MacBook.  The COmpaq is now relegated to desktop use/Win8 testing/general Windows machine/Microsoft Flight Simulator.  I swapped the RAM with the 1GB of RAM in the Mac; it seems to run relatively smoothly even with half the RAM.Currently it is dual-booting Windows 7 Home Premium (which it shipped with) and Windows 8 release preview.  I am considering buying more RAM and upgrading to Win8 Pro while the price is still low.