Buyer beware. If you're considering this laptop because 10 hr+ battery life is a priority for you, look again. This laptop does not have anywhere near the 12 hours battery life as advertised. The most i've seen the battery life icon give it in Windows is 8 hrs (for just a few seconds before it dropped to 6) but in reality, real life time is more like 4-5 hrs of continuous use (word processing, internet surfing, emails). Decent battery life but not near the 8-10 hrs reviewers have been giving. Why the discrepancy? Here's what I've determined. The UL30A-X5 comes with an 8 cell battery but rated at 4800 mah (65wh). Just looking on ebay, there are 8 cell batteries rated at 5600 mah (85wh) or more for the UL30A which would give it better life. Plus, you can get 12 cell 7800mah (112wh) batteries which I presume would give you perhaps more than the 12 hrs as advertised for about $70 on ebay. But this laptop doesn't come with it either one of those longer life batteries. So long story short, I'm guessing that ASUS has swapped out the battery which gave the UL30A 12 hr battery life with a smaller capacity one that gives you good battery life, but not the 12 hrs as advertised. Nowhere on the laptop itself (you know how they advertise features using stickers) or packaging does ASUS advertise 12 hr battery life for this model. Just in the Amazon product description, the customer reviews, and in older laptop reviews can you find mention of the 12 hr battery life. Very misleading.Otherwise, the keyboard is good for typing. Screen is nice but overall, the computer is too glossy for my liking. Looks cheap. Speed is great for playing even 1080p video streams. Blu-ray compatibility test (cyberlink BD and 3D advisor) tells me this computer can play blu-ray no problem (just need to connect an external BD player). Wireless connection is fast with N connection. Speakers are good for a small laptop. Boot up time is 55 seconds from off to the Windows desktop. There is a nifty 8 second bootup feature which dumps you into DVD player, Internet and skype almost instantly. But the resolution is fuzzy so i don't know why you'd want to surf the web this way. Hard drive speed, while it's only 5400 rpm, is fast and quiet. In fact, this laptop is very quiet and stays fairly cool. And it is thin and very, very light.In conclusion, I was prepared to live with a glossy computer, slower cpu and smaller screen because of the long battery life. But now I'm stuck with a laptop that is an older core duo and I still don't have super long battery life. You can get a much more functional laptop (ie. DVD burner included and at least an i3 processor) which is only a bit heavier with similar battery life to this ASUS for the same price. But here's a thought. If I get an extra 12 cell battery off ebay for $70 and keep the current 8 cell for backup, I should be able to run almost 14-18 hrs continuously before I have to charge. Great for long transcontinental flights. Maybe I'll keep it.