I Got this on a budget deal for around $350 after my last machine met its unexpected demise, and for that price I couldn't be happier. At the original retail price, however, I would never have bought it. The machine doesn't meet the high standards of some of the other "ultrabook" price point laptops, but it is also significantly less expensive, especially with recent reductions. However, the form factor is thin, and the laptop is incredibly light in my bag.Performance is reasonable. If you're coming from a high-end system, you won't be particularly impressed. If you're coming from a netbook/budget laptop, you might be impressed. The i3 processor goes a long way over the celeron or atom found it many other machines. The soldered-in 4gb of ram is a bit of a bummer, but usable nonetheless. With the stock configuration and Windows 8 the SSD/HDD combo is used well to accelerate the boot, hibernate, and resume functions. Build quality is so-so. The case is plastic other than the metal lid top (which looks nice), so you palms rest on the plastic-y surface while typing, etc. The screen came preconfigured with a bit of a blue hue to it, but I was able to re-calibrate it using OS tools rather quickly. Screen viewing angles are not particularly great, as to be expected, and at higher brightness things can look slightly washed out. Beyond that, however, the display looks great. The keyboard keys are a little shallow, but not impossible. It'll take a day or two to get used to them if you haven't used really shallow keys before. The trackpad was surprisingly great - with some configuration. By default it came with "natural" scrolling enabled (read: apple reverse-scrolling voodoo) and some other functions disabled. Two finger scrolling works perfectly (one of the first non-mac PCs I've owned that I can claim this for), and although the trackpad is "clicky" (loud) it gets the job done and is bigger than many other trackpads at similar screen sizes.The fan is very loud by stock configuration. Be sure to see other reviews here for a solution from the user forums at notebookreivew - the difference is night and day.I dual boot linux, and the dual boot process was made slightly complicated by UEFI BIOS, but wasn't as hard as it could be. I just had to shrink the C drive in windows to make room for linux, use a UEFI-signed Linux installer (Ubuntu, in this case) and set up my partitions manually. At first I thought my Linux partition would suffer without being able to use the SSD, but up to this point I have hardly noticed the difference. A few notes: brightness control might not work out of the box, but is fixable. Also, fan control is also possible under Linux but the command line tool "fancontrol" won't work with the S3's hardware. Instead, check out "acers3fand", some custom software for controlling the fan on the S3. All in all, this makes a really strong linux machine.At a higher price, I don't think this computer would have been worth it to me. At the new low prices we're seeing for this laptop though, it's the perfect deal for someone looking at Chromebooks, tablets, and other cheap computing options but want the full experience of Windows or Linux.