I preordered the Asus Transformer T100TA just an hour after it went up here on Amazon.  I've been following this specific tablet since it was announced and was excited to try it out.  This is the first tablet I've owned but I'll try and give a comprehensive review based on my experiences with it.First off, I'll go over the problems I've had with it.  If I had reviewed this tablet a couple days ago I probably would have given it 2 or 3 stars due to two problems that were occurring.  The first has to do with the volume rocker.  When I pressed down on the volume rocker, it would act as though I were holding it down and reduce the volume down to 0 unless I pressed up on the rocker.  It was a strange issue and I figured I had received a defective unit.  I opened up a case with Asus, just in case there was a simple fix, and low and behold, I was informed to download the latest audio drivers from Asus, and this completely fixed the problem.  The second issue is with sleep mode.  It seems like when the dock is attached and I close the unit like a netbook, it doesn't go into sleep mode and I'll come back half a day later and a huge chunk of the battery life will be gone.  I haven't bothered looking for any windows settings to change this, one might exist.  Now I just use the keyboard hotkey (fn+f2) to put it to sleep before closing it and this seems to work fine.Build quality of the unit is what you'd expect for the price.  I'm not crazy about the glossy plastic back, but at least the pattern is good looking.  The buttons on the tablet portion have a good click to them and I haven't seen any issues with them other than the software issue I described above.  I feel like the dock has a higher build quality as far as materials go than the tablet itself.  Its plastic, but a mat plastic rather than glossy with a brushed metal texture on the inside that I really appreciate.  The connection from the dock to the tablet is solid, the only beef I have with it is it's a little wobbly (I can rock it forward and back a little bit without actually rotating the pivot point of the connection).  The biggest disappointment like many have said is the track pad.  Basically it sucks and I only use it when necessary.  That being said, I hate track pads anyways so even if it was fantastic I probably would be using it anyways.The keyboard on the doc is pretty small, and honestly feels a little awkward.  That being said, if I ignore the awkwardness I end up typing just as fast/efficiently as with a full sized keyboard (I type around 80 wpm on the tablet and my desktop keyboard, which I feel is a pretty average speed).  The keys on the keyboard themselves feel really nice, and overall I love the dock keyboard.The camera/mic are a standard affair imo.  They remind me of the average laptop front facing webcam/speaker.  Not very high quality image/audio, but good enough to video chat.  Just make sure to wear headphones if your chatting if you don't want to get hardcore echoing on the mic.I was really impressed by the speakers on this thing.  I've never put them above 40% as that seems to be good enough to fill up the surrounding area even when I'm sharing audio with someone else.  Definitely better than any laptop speakers I've had the pleasure of using.As far as computing power goes, you probably won't be playing any newer 3d games on this thing.  I do a little bit of game development as a hobby in my spare time and even some of the simple games I make run pretty slow on this guy.  That said, 2d games seem to run smoothly on it and I was even able to get Portal 1 to work at a playable frame rate.  I'm mostly using this guy for some media consumption and some light programming on the go though, so it's perfect for my uses.  All the Apps on it run really smoothly and the only hangups I've had are with the metro internet explorer app freezing, which I'm hoping is software issue rather than a hardware one and will be fixed (it feels weird using IE after so many years, but honestly IE 9 is pretty slick in metro and even has a little bit of WebGL support, so they seem to be trying to catch up).Overall I'm very satisfied with this product, and if you want a budget windows 8 tablet, I would recommend this guy 100%.