I purchased an HP Envy x2 mainly for travel purposes.  I have a desktop for home and business use, as well as an all-in-one for family and general entertainment purposes.  My old laptop weighted 6 pounds - perhaps 7 when the charger and other peripherials were included.  Replacing it with the Envy provides me with the functions I need when I travel.  While admittedly it is a compromise device - it is a compromise that I'm happy to take.  By this I  mean, the Envy is far lighter and smaller, but as a result it has a much smaller screen.  I don't find the processor speed and umph to be much of an issue.  I'm not into gaming, except for some casual thing;  - so I find the processor's capability quite adequate.I am on my second trip with the Envy.  My first was a 3 day business trip, which occurred shortly after I purchased it.  This second trip is a lengthy vacation trip involving international travel.  Now that I have gotten fairly comfortable with my Edge, and have it set up to my liking, I would like to provide a few observations.WHAT I LIKEBattery life (awesome)Weight and sizeTablet conversion - it's easy to move from tablet to laptop and back againTablet use and functionalityAppearance - it's gorgeousBoot time - almost instantaneousMemory card storage (SD and microSD)HDMI port; two USB portsCool running (my old laptop got uncomfortably warm to hold in my lap)WHAT I THINK I WILL EVENTUALLY LIKEWindows 8The keyboardWHAT COULD BE IMPROVEDA USB 3.0 port would have been nice.Sound volume - with headphones I have trouble hearing music and movies above airplane background noise.  (I'm hoping that a software `tweak' might eventually resolve this.)Windows Office - a limited version could have been included, as on the Windows 8-lite (or RMT or whatever they call it) devices.The laptop hingeLet me discuss a couple of issues in greater depth.KeyboardI am a touch typist - used to handle 70 wpm easily, but have slowed over the years - as has my accuracy.  On the Edge x2, I find the keyboard a bit smaller than I am used to, which also increases my error rate somewhat.  However, with that said, I find that I can easily type on the device.I disabled many of the touch pad functions - including the swipe from edge setting.  I think that may be the main culprit.  A touch typist generally has his/her thumbs poised over the space bar.  In the case of the Envy, that places the thumbs over the top of the touchpad area and, at least in my case, relatively close to the surface of the touch pad.  I have saved a separate `profile' in the touch pad device for routine typing, and another for other functions.  That way I can switch from one-to-another fairly easily.  I also changed a setting in the keyboard control panel - to increase the pause that holding down a key will cause a key to be repeated.I am typing this with my Envy and testing it as I type along.  I'm finding that I am reasonably accurate and am typing with minimal issues.  I do occasionally run into an error that may be attributed to the keyboard.  It appears occasionally when I type `the' and get `the e' instead.  I need to get additional experience with the touchpad settings to find which ones might cause a problem.  However, for now I am reasonably satisfied.The keyboard feel is pretty good.  I like the key travel and feel.  I suspect that I will get used to it over time, and my accuracy will improve.Wi-FiI find the Wi-Fi to be pretty good.  I have used it fairly extensively with multiple systems and haven't experienced any real issues.  I do find that the strength bars in some cases to be one lower than my cell phone, but haven't noticed a problem with speed, etc.Windows 8I like the direction that Microsoft it taking.  The new `start screen' overlay is easy to use - as are the various programs designed to run in this environment.  I especially like the Wall Street Journal app, and the Bing news app.  I'm a bit of a news junky.  Clearly, most programs need to be modified in order to work properly with  a touch screen.  The ones that have taken this leap show good promise.But, more software customized for Windows 8 needs to be available.  Over time I'm certain this will occur.The Edge on the ENVYWhen used in laptop mode, and on your lap, the hinge protrudes somewhat sharply into your knees.  I like the way it functions when used on a flat surface - riding up a bit in the back so that the keyboard slants.  However, when used on your lap it begins to get uncomfortable after awhile.  I place a soft sleeve, which I purchased to hold my Edge, between the device and my lap - which takes care of the problem.BOTTOM LINEI'm happy with my purchase.  And, at the current price, I think the Edge x2 is a relative bargain.ExtraneousThere doesn't appear to be a lot of peripherials available for the Envy x2.  While I found a nice soft sleeve that fits it perfectly, I had a difficult time finding a case for the tablet alone.  I wanted one for tablet-only use, to protect it from scratches.  I eventually discovered one made for another Windows 8 tablet.  It fits well, but the cutouts aren't in the right positions, although they are close.  I had to create a hole for the `on' switch.