This one star is not for the Laptop but for the third party seller on Amazon. The laptop I would give two starts because it developed horizontal lines across the top of the screen and one star for the seller for selling a used Laptop as new. I found out that the laptop was used, when I tried to have Dell do a service call, to repair the display. After giving them the Service Tag # and my name, they informed me that it was owned by someone previously. I told them, "that can't be", I bought it from Amazon brand new, at least that's what I thought. They assured me that it was in fact, a used Laptop. This seller should be band from doing business on Amazon, for pulling a stunt like this. I would strongly advise anyone who have bought anything from this seller to check it out with the manufacture, to see if it was registered previously. If this Laptop hadn't developed a problem, it may never came to light, that I had bought a used laptop.Update:This laptop has really turned out to be a nightmare purchase. After returning the used laptop sold as new, Amazon is now refusing to give me a full refund, charging me $329.8 restocking fee for the used and faulty laptop, I guess to resell it as  new again. I don't know where they find these geniuses they hire as Customer support reps. The rep told me I should have returned it within thirty days, this is after I told him that the laptop developed the lines about a week and a half ago, which is months after it was purchased. I asked him, so why would I return a perfectly good working laptop if nothing is wrong with it, the problem developed after that magic window and Dell refused to fix it because they say, I am not the owner because it is registered to someone else. I spoke to rep who called himself David M. who refused to give me his last name, all he did was, keep repeating this 30 days, 30 days, like a scratched record. It was like speaking to a piece of log, he could not understand, the part about the fact that Dell said the Service Tag attached to that Laptop was registered to someone else in effect, making it a used laptop. I mean, all the knuckle head had to do, was to call up Dell and give them the Service Tag # to confirm what I am saying. He could not do that because he was too busy, accusing me of lying, when it is so easy to verify the facts.  I will pursue all available avenues, to get my money back. It is plain and simply wrong to sell a used item as new.Update:/ 4/11/14After filing a complaint with the BBB Amazon has reviewed my case and found out that the Laptop was in fact, registered to someone else, making it not new but used. They have decided to issue a full refund. They need to reprimand that Amazon employee, that try to insinuate that I was lying. All he had to do was to call Dell with the Service Tag # and it would have been cleared up in an instant. Instead, he convinced himself, that I was lying and just wanted to change the laptop after a long use. Shame on you David M. Whomever you are, if that's even your real name. Thanks to Amazon for making this right.