I really like this laptop! It's very stylish; I like the backlit keyboard, the silver aluminum / black glass look. I also got a VERY good price here on Amazon compared to HP directly. No idea how Amazon does it, but I like it!I first turned the laptop on in our living room upstairs and there was some light coming into the room from the sun and light bulbs. There was glare coming off the screen, but it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be from a review I watched on YouTube. Furthermore, I use my laptop 95% of the time after work, downstairs in the living room, or in bed. Hence, there would be NO glare in these situations. I would think in a class room or office setting you'll be just fine. However, natural sun light I can see being a problem causing glare on this computer.The screen resolution is default 1600 x 900 (16:9) and so everything is going to appear smaller. At first I was like "Aghh! This is so small" but your eyes adjust and get used to it within an hour. I am completely happy with this resolution. I'm only 26, I've had lasik eye surgery, so I'm good to go. However, if you do have eyesight issues, then this resolution on this laptop is NOT for you.Last thing on the screen, this is the BEST screen I've ever had on a laptop! It's so bright! Whites are crisp, text is sharp, etc. I've always owned $500-$700 laptops from HP with standard screens, and this new HP Spectre blows away my HP Dv6z laptop.On to the thing I like least about this model. Windows 8! I immediately installed Windows 7 from a USB jump drive, and the HP drivers don't work! You can only go to their website and select Windows 8 as your Operating System. So when I tried to download the wireless drivers to enable me to connect to my WiFi network, HP wouldn't let me install it! What I did is go to their website and download the drivers for the older model HP 14-3010NR. This worked! What you need to do then once you have your WiFi working, Google Intel Wireless Pro drivers, and you'll find this Intel page that will allow you to scan for your wireless hardware, and it'll upgrade your drivers properly. HP should really have official Windows 7 drivers for this laptop.The next thing I know other users will not like is the RAM upgrade process. This laptop comes with 4GB of RAM, I knew right off the bat I wanted at least 8GB of RAM. I bought 8GB Crucial RAM from Amazon to be delivered at the same time. I'm an IT student, and i graduate in a few months so this was no problem for me. However, if you're use to flipping over your laptop, taking a cover off and popping in new RAM, then you are in for a rude awakening. You will need a torch screw driver in order to pull the batter out. Your torch screw driver needs to be smaller than a T10. I had to run to 3 hardware stores to find one! Next, you need to unscrew all the screws you can possibly see. Next, you have to pull out all the ribbon cables. Once you do that, you then need a flat screw driver in order to start popping off the black plastic that surrounds the bottom of the laptop. You then need to start unscrewing the screws that attach the motherboard. Once you do this, you can finally start prying the motherboard away to gain access to the one RAM slot. I was able to insert my new 8GB of RAM successfully!With all that, I give this laptop 4 out of 5! 1 star knocked off for the difficulty to properly install Windows 7 drivers, and access to the RAM.