I bought this laptop and I was worried because of the reviews.  But I bought it anyway because it had a 30 day money back guarantee and 1 year warranty.  The specs were so good on it and the look and feel of the laptop is exactly what I wanted compared to any other laptop on the market right now.I work as a graphic designer and website developer so I need a powerful computer that is comfortable to use.  And I'm not willing to buy a MacBook Pro.  This computer is very powerful, fast, and runs smoothly.  I have inserted DVDs in the CD drive without any issues (I read reviews saying theirs didn't work).  I love that's it doesn't pop out and you just insert the CD/DVD in.  The backlit keyboard is gorgeous.  Some reviews complain it doesn't light up all the keys (back keys like f1, f2, etc) but I still see them perfectly fine so I don' care.  And there is a cool button where you can turn the backlit keyboard on and off (f5).  I love the little turntable volume control on the right.  You can push it down to change the settings.  The mute button is right there too.  It's a really convenient and clever design.  The beats audio sound is excellent.  Best sound I've ever heard on a laptop.  The resolution on the screen is really good.  I love that there are three USB ports two being SS USB (faster than normal USB).  There are two ports for headphones so if you and a friend want to listen to something at the same time you can.  The design is so sleek and the keyboard is super easy to type on.  I love the aluminum body.  Some people complain about the finger prints but I really don't mind.  If anything it can be a reminder to keep your laptop clean.There are only a few cons I have been able to easily overlook.  The mousepad is a bit hard after use overtime.  But I usually use a wireless mouse anyways.  Wireless mouse is so affordable and so much easier to use I don't know why everyone doesn't use one.  A mousepad is only for minor use anyways.  At first when you use the computer the mousepad is sensitive but the settings can be easily changed in the control panel.  Just change the double click from slow to fast.  And like many other laptops, if you shut down this laptop with accessories attached in any of the USB ports, like a smart phone, MP3 Player, or wireless mouse USB connector, and start the computer back up it won't start up properly and it will think something is wrong.  Just detach all accessories, restart, and it should be good to go again.  Other laptops don't do this and I don't know why HP doesn't fix this issue.  The battery really only lasts 3-4 hours not 8, and that's with regular use like surfing the net.When you're at home I recommend using a logitech laptop cooler <--- google search.  They're like $25 and will make your investment last longer.I'm also looking forward in 1-2 years to buying 16 gb of memory once its cheaper on the market.  This computer already runs fast with 8gb and the i7 processor, but why not upgrade when its more affordable and your output of work will be done faster?***Update*** After owning this laptop for over a year now it still works great but there are a few flaws.  The drivers for external accessories like a monitor, mouse, or keyboard sometimes stops working.  Also the driver for the built in Beats Audio Volume Control (turntable button) also from time to time does not work.  So there is a driver issue, thinking I will go on the hp forums to try to find a solution to this issue.