We bought this MBA because we needed to replace my wife's windows computer.  This is a little bit of a Windows rant but I figure it might be useful for people looking into a new PC/Laptop.The main reasons are as follows:1) I need full disk encryption.  I want to protect personal data in case the computer falls into the wrong hands . I believe this is something every laptop should have, possibly every desktop.  Otherwise if I lose my laptop, anyone can get all my family pictures, bank statements etc.  To have this feature with the previous (relatively new) computer I needed Windows 7 Ultimate or Windows 7 Professional. W7-Pro does not have it.  I had Windows 7 Pro.  So I upgraded to W8 Pro via employer provided license.  What a huge mistake.  Windows 8 is the worst operating system I have seen in many years.  Even early Linux was friendlier.  Ugly design, confusing , settings all over the place, split personality, etc.  Then I thought, well , my wife is really used to Windows, so I considered getting a Windows 7 Ultimate license.  Then I found that in order to have full disk encryption you need TPM module in your computer, or you need to boot from USB drive every time.  Mine doesn't have it.  I considered Tru-Crypt, but I will not install a software that I have no idea who writes it and very few smart people in the world are able to build from source.2) I want easy back-ups.  Time machine is really hard to beat in ease of use.  Plug in a USB drive, you're done.For some people the two above reasons might not be relevant, but for me they are.Back to the MBA 11".What I like:-Solid build.  Aluminum.-Magsafe power connector.  Very easy to plug , unplug. Compact. "Looks" safe.  Haven't tried pulling it, but the MBA will probably fly .-USB3, but you can get this on most new laptops.-Thunderbolt is there, even though I use it as mini display port.-Camera is pretty good for what I use it (Skype etc)-It's very light and easy to carry.-I love the size.  Compared to my Macbook Pro 13", it's much lighter and easier to carry.  If we are going to do serious work we need a bigger screen anyway, so no need to carry a 13" around (more on the screen below)-Battery life is excellent.-Runs pretty cool, so far.-Mac OS has a consistent user interface (on par with W7, but much better than W8)-Airport Mirroring.  Mirror almost anything to the AppleTV if you have one.-Full easy-to-use full disk encryption (FileVault 2)-Instant on as you open the lid.-Time machine painless backups (and encrypted as well).-Bundled software (iPhoto, iMovie etc)-Cheap upgrades (OS X)-Backlit keyboard-Very secure OS.  Don't even need an antivirus if you use common sense.-No bloatware. Default install is clean, no propaganda slowing down or confusing you.-You can choose the language.-Only one OS.  No Starter vs Pro vs Ultimate nonsense.What I don't like:- The screen is OK but I think Apple could fit a slightly larger screen in the same space.  The metal frame around the screen is pretty thick.- Not a fan of shiny screens, prefer matte.- Kind of expensive.  For this price it could have at least longer warranty.Overall a great notebook.  I would give it a 4 1/2 but I can't , so I give it a 5