It's too bad Toshiba stopped making this laptop, because it's an excellent laptop. I'm a full time student who likes to do gaming on the side, and this works perfectly. The laptop has a good, solid feel, and it also isn't too heavy.For starters, this laptop has a TON of features. Firewire 400, eSATA, 4 USB 2.0 ports, VGA out, HDMI out (can easily be converted to DVI if needed), and much more. The applications it comes with are also pretty useful. It has one app that can detect whether the laptop is in motion or not. When it detects motion, it takes the reading head off the HDD, so if it's dropped or whatever, the head won't crash into the HDD, and there will be a smaller chance of the laptop getting damaged. I'm wondering why it has a 56k/fax modem, but it does, so if you need it, this is one of the few laptops that has it built in. They should have put in Bluetooth, but there's some tiny adapters out there, so it's not a big flaw. The keyboard has an excellent feel to it, and it even has a number pad on the side (without having to use "Fn" keys). The touch pad for the mouse works well, but it would have been nice to have features like multi-touch for doing two-finger scrolling. The screen resolution is a bit low at 1376x768, but it manages to work. Overall, it's a decent looking display, but 1600x900 would have been more appropriate. The other really, really nice feature of this laptop is the 1GB GDDR3 GT230M video chip. It has its own memory and processor, so it runs games quite well. I was able to max out Left 4 Dead with zero lag. 512MB probably would have sufficed, but if you're using the HDMI to output it to a 1080p display, the entire 1GB will come in handy. The Core 2 Duo CPU is also fast enough for any game, and it will do a great job at any number crunching you can give it. The DDR3 memory also saves a little bit of power compared to DDR2 memory.My only serious complaint about the laptop is the battery life. If you need it to last longer than 2-3 hours, you must use the eco mode. It works pretty well in eco mode, but it's seriously under-clocked (the CPU is run at a slower speed to save battery life), so no serious gaming is possible with it on. It's not a bad idea to pick up a larger battery for this laptop.Overall, it's a solid laptop, and I'm quite happy I bought it. This is exactly what I needed for school, and I'm disappointed Toshiba stopped making it (probably to replace the CPU with an i3 or an i5, but we'll see).Pros:-Eco mode gives ~+1 hour battery life-DDR3 memory saves some battery-CPU is plenty for just about anything you would want to do on a laptop-Dedicated Video card handles all games that are currently out on the market-Nice keyboard-eSATA, Firewire, S/PDIF out, and plenty of USB ports-HDMI out-Solid feeling laptop-HDD monitor is a great add-onCons:-Battery life is a little short, even with eco mode-Screen resolution is a bit low at 1376x768, would've preferred at least 1600x900-No integrated Bluetooth-Camera/mic quality isn't great-No multi-touch for the mouse pad