I am currently typing this review on my brand new Asus Taichi. I went with the 11 inch core i7 256 gig ssd model.I did lots of research before my purchase. I am a mechanical engineering student, and I wanted a portable laptop that could run all my engineering software. My friend bought the Surface Pro, and raved about it. I went to a Best Buy, and tested it myself. It worked pretty well, and I left impressed. I especially liked the type cover and digitizer. I also tested the Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 13 13.3-Inch Convertible Touchscreen Ultrabook (Gray), and the Dell XPS 12 that flips around on the hinge. I stumbled upon the Asus Taichi on CNET one day, and I was impressed. I immediately read all the reviews I could find. Some people loved it, others had bad experiences with returns and defects. I couldn't find the Taichi in stores anywhere, so I wasn't able to test it before buying. After much thought (and a $100 gift card for Amazon), I decided to take a chance and go with the Taichi.Unpacking the Taichi is like Christmas day. The box is cool, and all sorts of goodies are included. The pen includes a battery, and the VGA and ethernet dongles in a little carrying pouch. A handy carrying case, warranty card, instruction manual, and cable ties are also in the box.My first impression was to be shocked at how thin and light this computer really is. Coming from a three year old HP, this was night and day different. The setup process took about ten minutes, and then I went to the asus support website to download all the new drivers. My trackpad worked great until I installed the updated driver. The the gestures stopped working. I reinstalled the old driver and it worked again. Go figure. After that, I installed Creo Pro 2.0 (CAD software), as well as MatLAB. Both work like a charm. Everything is smooth, and there is no lag whatsoever with multiple programs running. People complain about the lack of apps in the Windows store, but I was able to find One Note, Twitter, the Wall Street Journal, Skype, and Dropbox. These are really the only apps I use anyway.The next feature I tested is by far the best. I closed the lid, and BAM, it's a tablet. It is a little heavier than my old Acer Iconia Tab, but not too bad. However, this tablet blows all other tablets away. I can run my Windows apps, I can use my digitizer to take notes and draw, and oh yeah, I can run any Windows program I want. The touch screen is great. I haven't really used the dual screen presentation mode, and I don't see when I would need to do that. I wanted the Taichi to use as a laptop when I needed it, and a tablet when I wanted one. This does that perfectly.The pen input works great on One Note. Writing is smooth with no lag, and the calibration seems spot on. Asus includes a note taking app, but I liked One Note better.I haven't done any drawing and I don't plan on doing very much in the future. I wanted the digitizer to take notes during class, and so far it fits that need perfectly. The pen is also solidly built, and easy to hold. I wish it was a little bit longer for more comfortable writing, but I can't complain too much. There is no place to keep the pen on the laptop, but the carrying case does have a little slot for it. I carry the Taichi around in the case anyway, so this works for me.ProsFast - No lag when switching between apps or running multiple demanding programsLight and Thin - Sometimes I forget it's even in my backpackTouchscreen - Tablet mode works great, very responsiveDigitizer - Pen works great, One Note is freeBluetooth - I can connect my Galaxy S4 to it to transfer files or play music through the speakersScreens - Super high definition, very clearConsBattery - Could last longer. The charger is pretty light and small though so it's not a big dealDrivers - You must update before really using this machine, it really improves performanceMini Ports - Although dongles are included, I wouldn't mind a full size HDMI on hereScaling - Text on screen is small, and Chrome requires zoom for me to view comfortablyHeat - The bottom can get warm, and the area by the hinge above the keyboard gets HOTTo summarize, this is a great machine. I wish it had the Haswell chips inside, but otherwise I would highly recommend the Taichi. I never find myself reaching up to touch the inside screen, so this is not a flaw to me. I also just purchased the Chromium TV thing from Google, and I hope to eventually use that instead of WiDi. Anyone looking for a fast, premium looking and feeling ultrabook with a digitizer should definitely consider the Taichi.