I bought this laptop for my Sister who is fairly computer illiterate, however I thought with a little time she would be able to figure it out. In addition, I wanted to check it out for myself being it is a new concept and being the nerdy IT guy in the family, I just had to fiddle with it. I like it! It does take some getting used to as others have mentioned (Touchpad is a learning curve, but nothing a usb mouse can't fix if your struggling). The laptop basically is a tablet that is much easier and faster to navigate and use(If your used to a PC). I chose the solid state drive because I thought the less moving parts the better and quieter. I haven't much time on it yet to give a really in depth review however I did come across a big problem with it after just one week that I wanted to share with everyone. The keyboard just stopped working out of the blue one day! Actually what occurred was the keys changed characters and you would get another letter when striking any key (ex. L would produce an R?)which unfortunately rendered the laptop completely useless. I could not troubleshoot it on my own even for a minute with this kind of problem. So I opted to reach out to Acer customer service via their on-line support chat. The support tech was nice however it seemed to me I just knew a little more about laptops than he did. Long story short, I had to put my 2 cents into the conversation in order for him to agree to offer something other than sending it back for repair. I was able to get them to provide a step by step re-load of the Chrome operating system which did fix the laptop! I have included those steps here in case anyone runs into a similar problem and does not want to send theirs back for repair. (See below:)Additionally I have found that the laptop consistently loses the wifi connection and I have to restablish a connection often. I have had some issues with my wireless routers recently as well so this may be a mute point but I thought it was worth mentioning. All in all I like it so far and even though we've had some breaks along the way, they were fixable ones. It is working fine now and I would still reccommend the laptop for web surfing, FB, music & video streaming etc.Here are the re-install steps from Acer support:** One caveat is that I believe these steps below are specific to the solid state drive version and not a SATA drive version so please beware of your version beforehand!The following steps outline how you reinstall Chrome OS by erasing the stateful partition:1. Turn off your Chromebook.2. Press and hold the esc key and refresh (F3) key and then press the power key to turn on the Chromebook.3. The Chromebook will boot to Developer Mode.  Press the ctrl key and the d key to turn off OS verification.4. When prompted to turn OS verification off, press the enter key.5. The Chromebook restarts.6. At the OS verification is OFF screen, do not press the Spacebar.  The recovery process will start automatically after approximately 15 seconds.7. The Chromebook begins erasing the stateful partition.  This process takes about 5 minutes.  A progress bar appears at the top of the screen.8. The Chromebook restarts and prompts to re-enable verification.  Press the spacebar key.9. Press the enter key to confirm you wish to turn OS verification on.10. OS verification is back on and Chromebook reboots automatically.11. The "Welcome!" screen will be displayed and you can complete the OOBE.