This is a great product but you need to be careful in setup in order to avoid crashing and blackouts.Recommend following steps to enjoy this wonderful device:1. Read as much of favorable and unfavorable reviews on Amazon before powering up.2. Fully charge before powering up.3. Do not do any windows update until you do #44. Go to "pc settings" and  change windows update setting from auto install to "download updates but let me choose whether to install them". So much of crashing has been due to auto update installation coming off sleep mode or during booting(especially the large update right off the bat). Windows will let you know that there are updates to be installed. Now you are able to review and choose ones you want to install. More importantly, you are installing updates while the device is up and running (thereby reducing the risk of being locked out). I've had two instances of "failed to install" on updates during this manual installation but no crashing. When I retried to install on the next day, installation was successful in both cases. By the way, I have installed all updates so far.5. Asus has new BIOS update on their website - strongly recommend updating to BIOS 2206. Turn off three finger and edge gesture on touchpad.7. I use my Samsung galaxy note 2 charger with no problem. I think any Samsung or LG smartphone chargers would work. Its not any faster but has longer cord.8. Call Asus customer service with any issues. Generally they are helpful. If Asus recommend sending in for repair, try returning it to the retailer for exchange or refund first.9. Buy illumishield screen protector - your screen is no longer a fingerprint magnet.10. Get 64GB as 32GB is not enough.Hope above helps. This is a fantastic device, doubly so at this price.Update:I've had this device for nearly three weeks with no problem whatsoever. In fact, with Windows and BIOS updates, its performance has improved. For example, the touchpad works better and battery consumption during sleep mode has gone down from 5% per hour to 1%.I have kept my windows update setting to manual installation and do not intend to allow auto installation until crashing issues are completely resolved. There is nothing to lose by taking this precaution and judging by many Windows update related crashes still being reported, this is a prudent action.Update 2:Its been nearly month and half and this devise has mostly replaced my desktop. I bought 22 inch Samsung HDTV to replace 17 inch monitor. Micro HDMI to HDMI cable connection allows me to watch Netflix while doing email, web surf, or word doc on TV screen. Simply amazing.For the past week, I have changed windows update setting to auto installation with no issues - got tired of almost daily windows defender update.I still recommend new users to maintain manual windows update installation for the first three weeks. My daughter recently purchased Dell Venue 11 Pro (for bigger screen and slightly better spec) and got locked out after allowing automatic windows update installation. As is the case with T100, there is a large initial windows update on Dell Venue. The thing would not turn on no matter what we tried. She received a new one few days ago and needless to say, MANUAL INSTALLATION only.