I have had this computer for 4 months now and I love it. For one thing, I love the exterior design. Be forewarned however, if you have you laptop in your room like I do and you don't turn in off every night, the HP symbol on the back glows... VERY bright, I have to set something on top of it to block out the light so I can sleep (I haven't checked, but there might be a setting to turn it off).When you lift the lid of the laptop, you have a very neat and tidy layout. The screen is huge, so there is enough room on the keyboard to have a numlocks pad. I also like the mouse pad. You can use two fingers to scroll and you can also zoom in and out on any screen (I just tested this on the desktop too, and it changes the size of your desktop icons when you do that). On my older laptop, the finger pad, left and right buttons were all separate, but on this HP it is all on one pad, so that took some getting used to for me.I also like having the finger scanner. I use it to log on to the computer quickly - no more typing in user passwords. You can also use it to log on to other websites, such as skype, wellsfargo, hotmail, gmail, facebook, etc. HOWEVER!!!!!: DON'T EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO USE THIS FEATURE IF YOU ARE A GOOGLE CHROME USER!!! I hear it works on internet explorer and firefox, but as of YET, it is not compatible with google chrome. Personally, I can live without the finger scanner to log in to various sites until chrome gets this worked out - I have no intention of switching to another browser.The Webcam is FANTASTIC! I love it. Very high quality. It even has some fun features that come with it; faces, hats, drawing. It's cute. The microphone is also amazing. It will even pick up a very quiet whisper.The graphics are beautiful, and the colors are very vivid. I am not a huge computer gamer, I just play Halo and Guild Wars and a lot of minigames on bored.com, but everything looks great while I play.The speakers are good. I think the associate at Best Buy was right when he said that in order to use the Beats Audio to its full potential, you would have to  get some external speakers or listen through headphones. But when I'm walking around the house, the speakers are good enough on their own.USB plugs are on the side, not on the back. I like it when they are on the backside of the computer, because whatever you are plugging into the computer would be out of the way, but that's not possible with this computer because of the battery. It also only has 3 USB plugs.The computer itself is also quite quiet. As I sit here now, even with multiple programs running and without the computer even being plugged in, it is very quiet - just the faintest whisper of a fan.And the battery life is long. Probably about 7 hours. I usually leave it unplugged on the kitchen table and it will last for about a week without it needing to be plugged in - so long as I use the battery saving preference and close the lid when I'm done with it.Before I decided to get this computer, I read the good and bad reviews from multiple sites. From my experience, it seems that people who wrote the bad reviews probably had a defective machine which is a risk with anything you buy, whether you're buying a laptop or xbox or a washing machine.All in all, I love my computer. And this computer has turned me into a HP FanGirl. After this computer I got a HP External Harddrive, mouse, and my bf and I just bought a new HP Printer yesterday.