Acer C720 chromebook is the best Chromebook as of now and probably the best portable computer I have ever used !!I pre-ordered this Chromebook and was lucky enough to get is within a week, unfortunately now there is again a 3 week's wait. This Chromebook seems to be in high demand !! Obviously has to be , cause it packs so much punch within it, like a fast HDD , better memory and a nice processor and that too at a very affordable price.I have a Note 10.1 Tab, a heavy HP laptop ,and a vaio netbook, and generally I find myself on Blackboard learn for classes , checking mails , calendar , docs, FB etc , basically everything I do is online. Galaxy note is an awesome equipment for a student and helps in taking notes and annotating slides etc , however its very cumbersome using it, if I need to type something or finish an assignment or simply browse the internet. Its not possible to carry the Laptop and a power chord along with it everywhere I go cause its too heavy to be comfortably carried along and the netbook is too slow and takes a lot of time to open up anything , even though what I want is to I just wanna open a few tabs . So I thought, if I always spend most of my time on a browser ( chrome is my favorite ) why not just buy a thing which would just have Chrome and nothing else and do the job which I mostly do 95% of my time quickly and efficiently. Chromebook was the answer !! Especially this latest piece of amazing equipment having the best configuration among all Chromebooks available today in the market of similar price range.A few things I liked about it :Its Fast !!! it does not take me even 3 seconds to get back to where i left if i just make my chromebook sleep, by the time I lift screen the Chromebook is up and running, not like my laptop or netbook where i just keep waiting and looking at the mouse pointer and that irritating circle !! Even if i shut it down completely , it does not take more than a few seconds for it to startup, that's the most impressive part.Its Light !!! It's such a sweet piece of thin and light machine, that I can carry it anywhere just like my Tablet or along with my tablet. I make hand written notes on my tablet and they are synced to google drive , which I open up whenever and wherever I want to read them again on the chromebook.Easy to view !!! The matte screen is fantastic , and makes it so easy to read under the bright lights of an auditorium . Now i do not need to bend my head in weird angle or move the computer at different angles just to read whats on the screen , makes life easier !!Doesn't heat up !!! Surprisingly even though there are vents and I expected it to give out some heat its very cool underneath and I did not feel a thing on my lap even though it was there for a few hours , unlike my laptop or netbook where I need to keep a fan underneath it to protect my lap and my balls from frying ;)Goes On an On !!! The battery backup is awesome.. The first time i used it out of the box it gave me 4 hrs straight with all the new stiff and experimenting going on , then i charged it completely and i got almost 6.5 hrs or maybe a bit more. I expect it to increase a bit more after a few cycles of complete discharging and recharging. So overall im pretty satisfied with the one shot work capacity and its good to go for a days work at least :)Sexy Keyboard !!! The keyboard is so cool , it feels great typing on it which i am doing right now !! no tap sounds and really smooth keysRobust Built !! Even though this is not a very expensive computer , the overall quality of the materials used is very good ,the screen , keyboard , frame etc are really up to the mark with no complaints !!!Syncs !! So its Google .. and i'm deep into the Google ecosystem , so i'm a happy person with the tremendous syncing capabilities of all my devices including my nexus 4Not Expensive !!! at $249 its an amazing deal . Even if something happens to it by chance , I would not be as unhappy as I would be if something happened to my other devices also I will never be scared or sad about loosing my data .. ever !!!I'm very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone with usage where they spend most of their time on a browser ,and have other devices to take care of some other infrequent tasks.AGS :)