I have never written a review of any kind, not that I don't come across good products or service, but it's like the next item on one's list which one never gets to.  However, the ul80vt-a1 is just too awesome a laptop that after one week of ownership, I am still jumping up and down like a little puppy, given my typical enthusiasm normally lasts no more than 48 hours.By the time you read my review, you've already known all the good things about this laptop -- very long battery life, fast performance, cool to touch, bright screen with sharp resolution, clear and loud speakers, thin and light weight in spite of the presence of an optical drive, fast to boot.  The list goes on and on, and it is all true.  By the way, there is one item I haven't seen mentioned yet -- the battery charges extremely fast without getting hot.  And no, I don't work for Asus.  In fact, before I started researching for a good laptop to buy, I didn't even know who or what Asus was, and I still cannot pronounce its name.But what makes me so happy is that all the bad things I heard in these reviews are also not true.  Not every single feature is perfect.  There are some items one can fault with, but they really amount to nothing.  This is what I want everyone to know so one doesn't gloss over this great laptop because someone out there doesn't like the feel of the keyboard.1. Regardless of what other people said, the build quality of my laptop is very high, no different from the HP's, the Dell's and the Lenovo's I have owned.  No, it is not flimsy, and everything snaps correctly with no gap or sharp edge.2. The keyboard is fine.  It does not feel the same as a Lenovo, but it doesn't flex like others say either.  It's just that the keys are not as bouncy, so they feel a little bit soft.3. Some reviewers mentioned the screen does not have sharp contrast.  It is true when the brightness is set on high, the screen may look a little washed out, but it's not something you cannot solve by tilting the screen a little up or down.  By the way, reflection from the glossy screen is not an issue, to my surprise, and you can see fine outdoor.4. The touch pad arguably is the worst feature on this laptop.  It is more sticky than one with a matte finish, and once in a while you will go out of boundary without realising it.  The large single touch pad button below is positioned awkwardly and is quite honestly hard to press because the frame the button is set in is in the way.  The touch pad one can get used to; the button, highly questionable.5. Yes, fingerprints do show up, but they can be readily wiped off without much fanfare.  However, if you like having a bag of greasy chips in one hand and use the computer with the other, this laptop can be a problem for you.  On the other hand, it may help one kick one's junk food addiction.6. So far I have two minor problems.  Both are related to switching the power management mode:6a. When I plug and unplug from the power cord, the screen does black out for a couple of seconds, unlike other laptops I've owned.  Furthermore, sometimes when the screen comes back on, it will flicker when I mouse over something on the screen.  The only remedy I have found so far is to close the application (IE 8 in my case) and start it again.6b. When I press the Graphix Boost button, it changes the time zone automatically to pacific time (GMT-8).  I haven't tried changing through the power management tool by selecting any of the Power4Gear options, but it probably will change the time zone just the same.  It's minor to change the time zone back, provided you notice something is wrong with the time.I genuinely think there is more than a good chance you will be very happy with the laptop.  I know I am.p.s. If reliability is important to you, a Nov 2009 study published by SquareTrade on the 3 year reliability records of 30,000 laptops from 9 vendors ranked Asus at the top.  [...]