I have always been a PC user. When I went off to college I was given a Dell Inspiron 1500. Everything worked great on that computer for about the first 6 months. After that, things became so ridiculously sluggish I couldn't take it. It eventually took 20 minutes to start and died after having it for only 2 years.  So when I looked for a new laptop I wanted something that would last a long time as my previous laptop was supposed to get me through all four years of school.I bought this computer in January of 2010 so I have had it for almost a year now and have had absolutely no problems with it. A major improvement over the Dell I had. It still starts up as fast as the day it came out of the box even after several documents and games I've added on the computer.Pros:-SUPER FAST. If you are a PC user you will be amazed at the speed of this small laptop. Every application runs a hundred times faster and this computer has never frozen. Unlike my previous Dell.-Light-weight. As a college student I needed something portable. This thing is so light-weight that alot of times I even forget I have it in my backpack.  Very important as a student-Graphics. The screen is so colorful. Everything is so clear and easy to read. When I watch movies on Netflix or use iDVD there is no lag, unlike on my boyfriends Toshiba.-Software.  OS X Snow Leopard runs much faster than Windows and is still extremely user friendly. The ilife products like iphoto, iDVD, and garage band come in handy and provide creative opportunities that do not come standard on a PC.  As a music major I love using garage band for projects for classes. iphoto displays photos beautifully and they're easy to organize. You can upload them directly to facebook. What student doesn't have a facebook?-Built in Camera. I have spent countless hours playing with photo booth and using skype with this camera. The camera never lags and isnt blurry unlike the built in camera on my boyfriends Toshiba. You'll be having hours of fun with photo booth.-Battery Life. You will not find a PC that matches the battery life of this mac. My Dell battery lasted an hour maximum before needing to be plugged in. When using wi-fi the battery lasts about 4-5 hours. The more applications open the more it takes out of the battery. itunes sucks a good one to two hours off the battery life. When I'm at the library working on a paper with just i work open it has lasted about 6 and a half hours. I rarely bring my charger to campus and when I do it's not bulky!!! I haven't seen a  decrease in the battery life since I got it. The battery on my dell gradually worked its way down.  There has been no deterioration in this battery.-Keyboard. The keyboard is light and easy to use. They keys do not get stuck and I find it a little bit easier to type. My Dell keyboard would often have keys get stuck.-Doesn't overheat. The ventilation design on this laptop is so much better than my Dell. It used to overheat and get really hot. The mac is able to cool itself off much better.-Trackpad. When I had my Dell I often missed having a mouse because the trackpad on it was just not comfortable and a little hard to use. The glass one on the mac makes it easy to zoom in on documents and glide the mouse across the screen. It is still as clean as the day I got it.Cons-Pricey! I was skeptical that this computer would be worth the 950( with student discount) that it was plus all the protection plans and apple care for it. But it has absolutely been worth it. You get what you pay for. If i could do it all over again I would have gotten the macbook pro. For about a hundred dollars more you get twice the memory.-Memory specs. For the price compared to PC's I was a little disappointed about the only 2GB of memory. However 2GB on a PC is very different than 2GB on a mac. I use my computer for several documents, garageband projects, iphoto pictures, itunes/ipod, word processing, and to play the Sims. After all of these uses I still have 196.49 GB free according to the info in the finder. It will definitely do what you need and then some but I would've liked 4GB from apple.This is the perfect laptop for college students. I am so glad I picked this laptop. My friends that have PC's have had countless problems with viruses, spyware, etc. My own mother's compaq is no longer functional after having it for only 6 months due to a virus, even with anti-virus protection. You will be so happy with this laptop, especially if you switch from a PC. Apple even has helpful tutorial videos that I benefitted greatly from on the apple website.If you want something long lasting, durable, light-weight, and fast this is the laptop to choose. It has countless benefits over PC's and after having this laptop I will never go back to one.