I was looking for a tablet but couldn't find one that had enough of the features I was looking for.  At the same time, I realized that some 2-in-1's were not that much more than a heavy duty tablet.  After perusing some based on features I wanted, I found this item.  I saw a good price for a used model so I pulled the trigger.I'm just fired it up last night and got to playing with it.***DO NOT USE THE HP SETUP.  Bypass that!***Features I was surprised to find:-the laptop shuts.  In looking at the photos, it seems as though the monitor is fixed.  It is not.  For me, this was a plus.-there is a charger at the bottom of the slate (the monitor portion of the 2-in-1.)  Convenient instead of having to always dock it on the base-slot for the microSD card is adjacent to the charger slot.  I like this feature because it's a "set and forget" type maneuver for increasing your HD space if you don't plan on always taking the card in and out.  The base also has a multicard reader.-the on-screen keyboard is a breeze to use.-SOUND!  Pretty sweet so far and that's not even trying it out that loud.  Granted, it's a laptop, but, the sonic quality is nice.  Nice surround features.  Watching American Dad last night and heard nice stereo separation and overall atmospheric sound.  Granted, it's not Saving Private Ryan in the theater surround.  But, it did surprise me.-Windows 8.1 was made for touchscreen.  Quite the learning curve, but it's fun.What I likes:-keyboard on the base is good.  Keys feel nice and the spacing is just right.  I'm used to a 15" laptop, but it does not feel cramped or awkward.  Just getting used to PC again from Mac.-quality of the monitor.  Glass is nice and the color is vibrant.  I'm used to the haze from my old MBP, but this thing sparkles.  Crisp and detailed.  I gotta tweak the color settings.  (I have an HP monitor that I calibrated via Apple's tools.  Got it nice and rich.  Here's hoping the video card gives me something to work with, however minimal.)-ease with which the slate pops up.  Just slide the lever and out it comes.  Clean design too.  It might be heavy for some--it's not a featherlight tablet; it's a legit computer!  Just workout, stop watching so much Netflix!!!What might be minor nuisances:-touch screen in regular Windows mode (not the metro-slidy-tab-icon screen) is somewhat slow.  I'll chalk that up to not using a stylus and getting accustomed to the nuances of the machine.  I'm so used to the MBP, I can work around just about anything. It's minor, but I'll monitor should it become annoying.-screen does get messy, but, what do you expect.  Just think about all the crap your hands touch in a day and then you're smearing that all over a nice, glossy screen.  It cleans off easily if you do so after each use.  Or, I'm sure there are cleaners you can use.  Either way, it's a fact of the touchscreen, but not a deal breaker at all.  If the monitor gets hard to clean, I'll update.-if minor fan noise annoys you, this might not be the unit for you.  It's not noisy, but you know it's on.  Again, not a deal breaker.-Windows apps store is a joke.  Who knows if it'll ever get to Apple's level, but they were late to the game so perhaps later this year some more will come down the pike.  Yes, the Netflix app works well!  But, no Amazon Prime app.Overall this unit is proving it's worth.  As for the one review that the laptop tips over when on one's lap, I had that problem only when I moved the unit past a certain point.  If you keep the "bar" of the base on your lap, you won't have issues.  You can play around with the location, but yes, past a certain point, gravity takes over.I'm planning on heavy Excel usage (macro writing, etc.) and later, using it for computer programming with Visual Studio.I'll update my usage as I go along.  For the price, this was a good purchase and proving it's worth so far.  My hope is that others that need a value-priced PC (not tablet or chromebook) for boring Office work.  Pays the bills and for the 2-in-1.