I would love to give this computer a 5 star rating.  It is a beast!  It plays demanding games like Batman Arkham Asylum, Fallout 3 and New Vegas nearly flawlessly.  I'm a gamer with a lot of free time at work, and I really liked this computer.However, I was dismayed when Asus wrongfully denied the $100 rebate I sent in.  They claim I didn't send a bar code/UPC... yet scanned documentation on their own website clearly shows that I did send the bar code.Amazon came to my rescue.  Amazon decided to eat the cost themselves and refunded me $100.  They earned my respect, loyalty, and my business in the future.The notebook also came with loose USB ports and internal power connection.  Eventually the "male end" prong of the power connection broke off into the power adapter.  Asus wanted me to pay the shipping just to have them look at it, implying that it was customer misuse.  It's insane to think that when a customer plugs or unplugs an adapter into a notebook, that somehow constitutes misuse of the product.Asus also said I may be charged for the repairs, despite a 1 year warranty that allegedly covers accidents.I once again wrote to Amazon, simply to vent and warn them about their vendor.  I never once considered sending the computer back for a refund, since that option had expired a month ago.  However, to my amazement, Amazon agreed to give me the option of sending a used, defective, $1200 notebook back to them for a full refund.The other option was that Amazon would credit me for any possible repair costs charged to me by Asus.Asus eventually agreed to send me a shipping label via email.  I first reported the defects on May 6.  On May 24 I requested that they service the notebook.  A couple days or so later I called them back to point out that their own warranty says they will pay all shipping costs, and so Asus consented to email me postage.  Currently I have waited nearly a week for the postage.  I just got off the phone with Asus, and they are having trouble sending me the postage email.  They cannot give me a time table.When I first got the laptop, despite the loose USBs, I was highly impressed with its performance.  I imagined being a lifetime customer.  However, due to Asus's customer service, I'll never buy from them again.I will remain an Amazon customer.  Their customer service is extremely quick, their representatives are courteous, and they've really gone out of their way to make up for the broken promises of their vendor.Because of good customer service, I would buy another laptop in the future from Amazon... just not an Asus.Update 06/17/11 I just received my Asus back from repairs.  They ended up paying shipping both ways, and fixed the broken prong.  However, the USB ports are still loose.  This is more than a slight inconvenience.  I have to fidget with the mouse or gamepad controller for quite a while before they stay connected.