This would be an excellent computer if you were using it with an external keyboard and mouse, but the front edge is sharp and hurts the palms of my hands after a short time.  There is a lip on the front that protrudes and will leave an indention in your palms when using the touch pad, causing discomfort.  This can be quite painful after extended use.  Most laptops have a rounded front edge, not so much with this one.  This type of discomfort could be isolated to those of us with large hands.The other CONS for me are the keyboard layout and touch pad.  I thought I would like the keys being farther apart from one another, but I didn't care for this feature.  I found that I had to look down at the keys while typing, more so than I would have with a typical keyboard.  Maybe with time this can be overcome.  The touch pad swipe features are cool when they work.  If you don't touch the sweet spot just right you'll find yourself frustrated after a bit.  I messed with the sensitivity and all other touch pad settings and it still was not as responsive as I would like.  I also had issues with the pointer jumping all over the screen.  This was not due to the touch pad being inadvertently grazed by my hand.  This was not a constant problem, but it did happen daily.The touch pad left and right buttons "are not" the quiet type.  I don't like the loud click type buttons and I wish that this would have been listed in the description.  If you or others around you are the type to be bothered by this, look elsewhere.The speed of the computer is good, the large display is GREAT and the BRD player was a nice feature, but for someone who likes to use their laptop in their lap at home on the couch or in bed, this may not be the most comfortable laptop for you.I called Amazon and spoke with a Customer Service Rep and was told they don't handle 3rd party returns or exchanges.  I thought I would have received more help than that.  I wasn't happy with this so I went to the Amazon returns page and started the return process there.  Low and behold I had a response from the 3rd party seller in less than an hour with return instruction.***UPDATE*** 5 Feb 2014I decided to keep the laptop and I've been using it daily for over 2 years now.  It is a great multi-purpose computer and I would recommend it.PROS: Awesome display, love the keyboard now, movies, games, word processing, graphic design all perform very well.  No performance complaints at all.CONS: I still hate the front lip as it is very uncomfortable. The hinges are not as smooth and have begun to get very stiff and making a cracking noise.  The upper left screen bezel has cracked (no rough handling, just normal opening and closing of the lid) I'll be replacing the hinges and bezel soon. It takes several minutes to connect wirelessly to the internet. The left/right touch pad buttons are noisy. Battery life has been reduced to about 1.5 hours during constant use (fairly normal battery issue).