If, like me, you're a normal person (i.e. NOT a techie) wanting to get the real deal on a low price laptop, this is it.Before Christmas, I read several dozen reviews before purchasing this laptop.  The main thing for me was the price, since none of my laptops have lasted more than 3 years, and my last one (Dell-500.00) only lasted 2yrs.  So I was very tempted to buy this ASUS, as it was advertised for $325 around the holidays.  I didn't really see very consistent complaints on the various websites I looked at (Best Buy, etc), so took the plunge but now wish that I hadn't.IT's not that this laptop is terrible.  It's not.  And it certainly has all the features I really needed: Windows 7, webcam, ok speakers, and good screen size.  It also is very light--a real plus.  It has good battery life so far, doesn't get hot, and doesn't have the annoying keyboard panel that is so common these days (the side panel with the extra set of numbers on it). From a list of externals, the computer fits the bill.FYI, it does NOT have an internal CD/DVD drive.also FYI, the speakers are on the bottom of the computer (where your legs hit), which is not a dealbreaker but weird.  Ok volume but makes it kind of muted.The big down side is the touchpad.  It's a dealbreaker.  A lot of people complained about odd things concerning the touchpad, like the sensitivity, but that kind of thing is fixable if you know what menu you're looking for.  What is not fixable is the actual design of the touchpad.  Firstly, the right and left click buttons are not raised or separated from the touchpad itself; nor are they distinguished from one another.  There is just a line painted on the pad that divides right from left.  This means that it is very awkward to click, select, and drag.  It's very easy to delete a whole selection you're highlighting, or right click when you mean to left click.  Many times I touch/click and nothing happens at all.  So far, after a month, my fingers have still not adjusted to this new set up--and I am having a hard time selecting/dragging, etc, accurately and quickly. It seems like maybe something under the pad does not have the right design/sensitivity because I have never struggled with this kind of thing before, not even on those computers which have the raised dot touchpad in the center of the keyboard.  This one is just OFF in a funny way.Also, it seems like the touchpad is located rather left of center.  So if you're left-handed, this may be the touchpad for you.  But if you are right handed like me, your right hand has to stretch quite a ways over to click/select.This is definitely the most annoying feature for me, enough to make me wish I had tried it out in the store first.  But I also have had some trouble with audio-visual speed/internet speed/printing speed which may or may not be related to the computer--but I sure didn't have trouble with my previous laptop, nor does anyone else experience it on our other house computers.  I think it might be a memory/RAM problem because I cannot watch Netflix (or listen to iTunes) and print/surf at the same time.  Lots of delays which, like I said, might be a problem with something else but I wouldn't take the chance.So, if you're on the fence about this machine like I was, and not able to really interpret other reviews to make a good decision, don't take the plunge just to save the money.  Maybe try the cheap Toshiba, which is also around $300, and, while heavy, cumbersome, and ugly, didn't have any of these problems.