For about the same amount of money you can take your existing Windows 7 laptop and make it a far superior machine than this. I have a Dell Inspirton N7010 laptop running Windows 7 Ultimate. I was considering a new laptop but the only thing I didn't like about my dell was the 17" screen and the speed of the computer which was a direct result of a traditional hard drive and only 4 GB of RAM. Instead I just bought and installed a Crucial m4 512GB  2.5-Inch Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/s with Data Transfer Kit CT512M4SSD2CCA  so now my Solid State Drive is as large as my original hard drive, TWO Kingston Technology 4 GB (1x4 GB Module) 1333MHz DDR3 PC3-10600 204-Pin SODIMM Memory for Select Dell Notebooks KTD-L3B/4G so I've doubled my RAM. The I screen  I had with the Dell was already a beautiful 1080P HD screen so keeping the larger size laptop was a small price to pay to save so much money and get essentially a new computer that would have cost aver $2,000 if it were duplicated from the manufacturer. the new two 4 GB dimms replaced the two 2 GB memory dimms that were factory installed. This doubled my Memory from 4 GB to 8 GB. The solid state drive held as much as the original hard drive so when I did the data transfer, which is really easy to do, it copies your entire hard drive onto the SSD, Operating System, all software, and files, etc. that were on the original HD. Essentially it "cloned" my internal hard drive.Doing the data transfer is easy breezy and installation of both the memory and the SSD is super easy too. The only thing is to do things in the right order. Do the data transfer (cloning) first, then remove the old HD and RAM and install the new. You'll have a new screamer.For kicks and giggles I added a WD My Passport 2TB Portable External Hard Drive Storage USB 3.0 Black and backed up my entire new SSD to it. Another nice and inexpensive item was the Case Logic QHDC-101 Portable EVA Hard Drive Case  - Black which houses the WD external hard drive beautifully and safely.I'm a fan of Windows 7. It's not that I've heard bad things about Windows 8 it's that I've heard bad things about most of the hardware used for Windows 8. A touch screen is desirable as it's not easily navigated with a mouse or track pad and reading many reviews on cnet.com about the new touch screen laptops makes me want to stay away from this new OS until the hardware manufacturers have gotten their act together and made good, reliable, touch screens to accompany the new MS OS. Also, I've used Windows 7 for years and find it to be stable and reliable. Windows 8 still need to be put to the test...remember Windows Vista? Most people who had it would like to forget it.Consider upgrading. I've never done it before. It's alot easier than you think and look at what I got for my money. A 512 GB SSD and 8 GB of RAM. I was already running with an i5 processor which meets and exceeds all my personal needs.