I ordered this laptop with no issues. It shipped quickly and, yes, I was aware of the lack of optical drive, but I already have a portable DVD-RW so it doesn't really matter. I decided to upgrade the RAM and immediately found a manufacturing error preventing me from doing so. I promptly contacted Amazon customer service and got the issue resolved and booked a repair with Acer. On a whim, I decided to find out what the bay next to the power port was. I found the corresponding screw and pulled out the dummy bay and saw a optical drive connector. I put everything back together and got on the laptop to chat again with Acer customer service. This is my conversation: Govindarajalu R: Hi, my name is Govindarajalu R. How may I help you? Govindarajalu R: Hello, Wes. Govindarajalu R: How are you doing today? Wes Barthe: Hi Govindarajalu. I'm doing fine. What is the purpose of the bay below the power input? I would like to know if I can have an optical drive installed Govindarajalu R: Sure, I will help you in this regard. Wes Barthe: Thank you Govindarajalu R: I understand that you need to know the details of specification available right below the power input, am I correct? Wes Barthe: correct. It looks as though there is a bay available there, just no optical drive Govindarajalu R: Okay. Govindarajalu R: I just gone through the specification. Govindarajalu R: I found that optical drive is not installed in your laptop model. Wes Barthe: correct Wes Barthe: can i install an aftermarket internal drive? Govindarajalu R: It is dummy drive, yes with the help of local technician you can install internal drive. Wes Barthe: YAY! I'd spoken with a rep earlier who was very unhelpful with admitting this. can you help me with finding the correct compatible drive, or getting me in touch with the folks who can? Govindarajalu R: May I place the chat on hold for 3 minutes while I search the information for you? Wes Barthe: sure Govindarajalu R: Thank you. Govindarajalu R: Thank you for staying on hold. I appreciate your patience. Wes Barthe: no sweat Govindarajalu R: I see that in your computer there is no plug that need to fix optical drive. Govindarajalu R: You can use external optical driver to read and write disc. Wes Barthe: so what you're saying is that behind the dummy drive, there is no connection for an optical drive hook up? Govindarajalu R: Yes, correct. Wes Barthe: then what can I put there? another hard drive perhaps Wes Barthe: the reason I ask is that I've already looked inside and seen the connector. Govindarajalu R: I am sorry Wes, that can be for different reason. Govindarajalu R: If you still need drive, then you have to change the hardware setup with help of local technician. and it will void the warranty. Wes Barthe: so, by adding the drive, it will void the warranty, even though the hardware connection is available? Govindarajalu R: Yes, changing any hardware components  which is factory ship will void teh warranty. Wes Barthe: what about upgrading memory? Govindarajalu R: Yes, you can upgrade the memory, it will not affect your warranty. Wes Barthe: whats the difference in adding an optical drive then? isn't hardware, hardware? Govindarajalu R: Yes. Wes Barthe: yes? dont understand your answer. please clarify Govindarajalu R: While installing the optical drive, if there is any physical damage happens to computer, that will void the warranty. Wes Barthe: ok, so I Can install an optical drive? Govindarajalu R: Yes, you install it. Govindarajalu R: Let me check for a part number. Wes Barthe: ok which acer model# is compatible with my laptop: E1-510-4487 Wes Barthe: Thank You Govindarajalu R: Yes. Govindarajalu R: I am checking in the service guide. Govindarajalu R: Here is the part number for Optical drive : KO.00807.010 Govindarajalu R: With the part number you can check in stores and install in your computer. Govindarajalu R: Is there any details you like to know? Govindarajalu R: I did not get any response, are you still connected online?Wes Barthe: yes Wes Barthe: sorry stepped away for a moment Govindarajalu R: No problem. Govindarajalu R: I hope I have provided you the require details. Wes Barthe: thank you very much for the part number Govindarajalu R: You are welcome. Wes Barthe: have a great day Govindarajalu R: Wes, to conclude we have provided the part number for optical drive and this should help you fix the issue. If there are no additional questions on this topic, I will close the chat session. Govindarajalu R:Find solutions or advice from other Acer owners on the  Acer Community!  Give it a try today! Govindarajalu R: BYe. Govindarajalu R has disconnected.Hope this helps!