Let me start by saying I knew I was getting a big heavy brick of a gaming laptop.  I have owned Asus ROG laptops before and I have family who still do.  This laptop is significantly heavier, and makes no attempt at being thin.  For me not an issue I wanted a desktop replacement that will generally only travel from bedroom to living room, but if you need a mobile powerhouse look at the Asus (still big but not nearly as big or heavy), MSI GS series or the Razer Blade.This laptop has good specs but is a little lacking for the price range.  8gb RAM is about half of other gaming laptops at the same price.  2.0 Audio when most laptops in the range will offer 2.1 (have a subwoofer).  750gb HDD other laptops will offer more storage or ssd at similar price range.  That being said I got this on a warehouse deal, so with savings calculated in I got an excellent deal.One of the big positives (for me) I have already found with this computer is that Dell/Alienware is nice enough to include the hard drive caddy so I can add an ssd without buying additional parts (I had to pay $50 to buy this part for an HP I also own).  I was also happy to find that Alienware was nice enough to put the 8gb ram in the harder to reach ram slots, which are under the keyboard requiring a full teardown of the computer.  This makes adding up to 16gb additional ram, for a total of 24gb, a breeze.I love the lighting effects, I had an issue initially where using an "advanced" rather than "basic" theme would cause the lights not to work on reboot.  The issue was resolved by installing the newest software and haven't had a problem since.  I love that Alienware didn't load the computer down with bloatware my computer came with just their utilities installed.The track pad and Keyboard are both very good, I was surprised to find that the trackpad is very capable (most gaming laptops I have used don't put a lot of quality in the trackpad since the intended user is likely to use a mouse anyway).One Disappointment for me is that Dell went with a cheaper Broadcom Wireless Chip rather than the Killer gaming adapter, though they did include the Killer LAN adapter.  For a gaming computer having the Killer adapter helps reduce lag time, I will admit that the Broadcom has so far performed very well.I am using this primarily for development and I am so far very impressed with the performance.  I love the screen size it's great for snapping 2 applications on each side of the screen for easier multitasking.Lastly I will just say that Alienware quality is second to none.  The build quality on this machine is amazing, no parts feel loose or cheap.  The "soft touch" texture they used for all the exposed plastic parts is a nice touch and makes the computer much more pleasant to use.