3 weeks have passed since I received my 13" Macbook Air, my first Mac.I am a passionate user of PC's since 1988, the first one had a 8086 processor, 640kB Ram and two 5" floppies, no HDD. The addition of the first 20 MB hdd in 1989 was a HUGE progress. Fast forward to 2011 and here I am with core i5, 4GB Ram, 128GB SSD on my Air.About the hardware in Macbook Air:extraordinary feel and finish, a pleasure to hold, touch and look. The unibody enclosure is very sturdy and gives a constant feeling of solidity and foreverlastingness. I love the fact that the bottom is securely held in place by screws. I never changed the battery in my previous laptops and never upgraded anything in them. The keyboard is pleasant to use, size and travel are perfect for me. The backlight is a feature I find absolutely necessary, as I use the computer a lot at home in dim lit environments. The system adjusts automatically the brightness of the screen and of the keyboard very close to my taste, sometimes I have to make adjustments which is very easy to do with the dedicated keys. The display at 1440x900 in 13" is practically retina class for me, as I cannot see the individual pixels anymore. It is a great display, with very good definition and color, a pleasure for all the tasks I am performing on the computer. The touchpad is fantastic to use, as your fingers glide with almost no friction on the surface, and the button has the right amount of pressure threshold. The display hinge has perfect movement and feel. The case gets not hot in my normal use, and having and absolute silent laptop (no HDD spin and no fan blowing) is and absolute joy for me. The battery lasts between 5 to 7 hours, maybe even more if I use it in the night, all lights at minimum. No optical drive? I do not need it anymore. Two usb ports, enough for an external HDD and a thumb drive. With the thunderbolt I connect to an external display when I am at the office. With the SD card slot I import the photos from my Nikon D5000. Magsafe connector for power? A little masterpiece on its own. Almost forgot the tiny 45W power adapter, very small and with long cords on both ends.My verdict, hardware: attention to detail taken to extremes gives perfect product and satisfaction.About the software Mac OSX Lion and bundles:Stable and fast operation. It shuts down in seconds, and boots in under 20. That is a HUGE improvement over my PC/winXP. Sleep is a big surprise for me. Practically, it is instant on and instant off, just open/close the display on your Air!  Multitouch gestures are fantastic. It took me a few days to get used to the 1, 2, 3, 4 finger gestures. They are all great and improve my productivity in ways hard to describe. Safari has all the functionality I need, and more. Finder was my greatest challenge to get used to, me being hardwired to total commander's two panes type of operation. Now i find it very good. For documents I am using Libre Office (have used Open Office since 2006 on PC). iPhoto has also all the features I need to fiddle with my new photos and the 30k digital photos collection that goes back to 1999. Mail is great, also is spotlight. I only disabled dashboard, which I do not understand right now, maybe later. Coming from PC, I immediately installed Sophos Antivirus, just to relax my mind. Fonts and the looks of windows, button, menus . . . are very well implemented, to the last detail. Everything on the display look pleasant to my eyes, even the pages I regularly visit are rendered in a more pleasant way for me. I do a lot of pdf reading, and the full screen capability of preview combined with the possibility of making annotations makes my Air now being favorite, better than the iPad. Photobooth is an amazing application, we had hours of laughter with the kids and our friends. I have a pair of Logitech usb 2.0 speakers that worked (to my surprise) immediately I connected them, I mostly listen to internet radio. I have still a lot to discover and learn.My verdict, software: Mac OSX Lion is an environment that puts the user and his satisfaction on the first place, with success.About Amazon:I am very pleased with Amazon, I can learn about the products, can learn about other users experiences, can make a well informed buying decision. The service was excellent with all my purchases.My recommendation : try before you buy, and give opinions only on things you own or use regularly.