I bought this computer right before I went to grad school and was deciding between this and a macbook air which were roughly the same price, and I can't tell you how much I regret not buying the Air (or at least some other computer).  Let me preface this by saying that I have bought Asus products for years - this was my 3rd laptop from them and I had also bought a motherboard for a desktop from them.  I never had any serious issues with those purchase so I decided to stick with them for my latest purchase. As you have probably guessed though, it wasn't long before it started having problems.  It stopped charging within a couple of months of buying it.  I contacted their customer service people and found that Asus customer service is especially abysmal - emails from these people were in unbelievably broken English and the things they told me were inconsistent from one rep to the next.  The only thing that was consistent was that they were all of very little help.  Eventually I was told I would just have to buy a new charger from them.  That irritated me but I was desperate, so I did it.  A few months later, guess what - it wasn't charging again.  So I called up the customer service people again and after a lot of back and forth was told to send the computer in.  I did this and a few weeks later they sent it back in exactly the same condition, still not working.  I called them up again and after some more back and forth was told to send it back in.  I did that, and a few weeks later it came back with another new charger and a replaced part.  I just got it back and is working for the time being, but I have very little confidence in it and it has been a huge inconvenience.  I have owned this computer for less than a year and in that time the computer has literally spent months being of no use to me either because it wouldn't turn on/charge or because it was in transit back and forth and back and forth from Asus.On top of this the firmware they have for the touch pad is really awful, and the fit and finish is not as nice as my friend's Macbook Air.  Basically, under close inspection/first hand use, this think is pretty junky compared to the Air as far as I can tell.  In addition to my more major hardware problems, I have a couple dead pixels and the "feet" on the bottom of the computer aren't perfectly aligned such that when I place it on a flat surface there is a slight wobble that can be felt.This most certainly the last Asus product I will ever buy.  My advice for people in my situation in the future would be to go with the Apple not only does it appear to be a better product with better customer support, it's also an American company.  Hope you learn from my mistake!