So for the last 25 years I've been using PC's. From my 4mhz 8088 PC clone with 2x 360k floppy drives and 512k of RAM with a monochrome screen to my current desktop PC which is a 6-core, 16 gig ram, RAID-0, RAID-1, NVIDIA 560ti video with 1gig RAM and 2x 24" monitors. I had never considered a Mac previously and always considered them to be nothing but overpriced PC's in a shiny case built and designed for computer illiterate individuals seeking a point-and-click appliance. How could I have been so wrong?This laptop is simply the best product I've ever purchased, period. My head, being in the PC world, couldn't even comprehend how elegant and wonderful this laptop could possibly be. I had no frame of reference for a "GREAT product" because, coming from the PC world, I had never experienced that. EVERY laptop I have previously owned or used had something that was sub-par. Sure, 90% of other laptops are good, but they always leave something to be desired. For instance the track pad might be finicky, or the keyboard design may be sub-par, or the built-in speakers aren't loud enough, or the machine is heavy, or noisy, etc. There is nothing sub-par on this machine.- The thing is as light as a feather- Battery lasts 7hrs- Battery charges quickly- Track pad is the best thing I've ever used- Keyboard is shockingly usable and prevents errors, it's a joy to type on- Screen is bright, vibrant, and beautiful- It doesn't get hot- I never hear any fans or anything... maybe 2x's since I've gotten it has it used it's fans- Web cam is great, high res, and works flawlessly- Speakers sound great- Even the power cord is brilliantly designed... and that's just the hardware.OSX, being now based on UNIX, is a dream come true. It makes doing every-day computer tasks a breeze and as simple as point and click. BUT, never fear, you have the full power of UNIX under the hood so if you want to get deep, you absolutely can. I had wrongly ASSumed that OSX was for dummies. Again, I couldn't be more wrong. Within hours I had my macports repository set up and was sucking down Nmap, GTK+, and all sorts of things I would do on my Ubuntu box. I was running Python scripts, writing scripts, running ifconfig... it was great!Oh, so then I decided to fire up Eclipse and try debugging some Android code. After installing Eclipse I tried to fire it up and when I did it complained about not having a Java SDK installed. "Great, let the nightmare begin", I thought to myself. Not so fast! My Mac popped up a window that said, "Oh, hai! I see you don't have the proper Java SDK to run Eclipse, lemme go get that ish for you, cool?". Stunned, I pressed OK, and it went out, got the proper SDK, installed it, and re-launched Eclipse all ready to do. Let me just say the Eclipse install on a PC is... shall I say, slightly more involved.I grabbed my Galaxy S phone, plugged it into my laptop and VIOLA! It just worked! No endless driver installations, no driver conflicts, etc. It was great. So then, just for kicks, I unplugged my Galaxy S, plugged in my Galaxy Nexus and guess what? No drivers necessary, it just worked! Amazing.Another thing that surprised me about OSX was the apps. Everything about them. They are abundant, beautiful, and feature rich. Many of the cross platform apps such as Skype are far superior on the Mac. Not to mention that the apps that aren't free, such as Keynote (Apple's version of PowerPoint), are dirt cheap. Keynote was $19.99 and in my brief experience of crafting a 30 minute slide presentation, far superior to PowerPoint.I've seen the light. Trust me, I didn't want to, but it's impossible to ignore. I'm a convert. I don't think I'll ever buy another PC again, unless it's for gaming.