I love how the computer is made- it's higher quality plastic than most (though the right and left buttons for the touch pad are a little stiff and click quite loudly when you press them), the keyboard is GREAT to type on and not cheap, all the functions are nice, the touchscreen is responsive, I even like Windows 8 a little bit. However, I can't even play farmville 2 without having the game be glitchy. I was just trying to watch a show online (not HD streaming or anything) and even though the show is loaded fully, it's like glitching through the show. And it's not the site or the show that is glitching- it's got to be the computer because I have been using the same website to watch the same show on my previous laptop for about two weeks now and it is pretty much seamless and no glitching at all.* Update: I tried another site to watch the show and I didn't have as much glitching, very minor and very infrequent, I would say. So maybe it was the previous site I was using to watch it (although, like I said, I have never had problems with it before and had fine internet connection) but I am going to give it the benefit of the doubt/ leave that up to you to decide!The glitching with watching the show has shocked me the most. It's just a simple task and I thought a 2.0 GHz quad core processor would be able to handle that seamlessly. I've even had a little delay when navigating around the computer's settings. I am now looking to find a different laptop to find something with just a little more speed, sadly. Otherwise I really, really like this laptop.Might be good for people who just like to browse the internet most of the time!*more things I have noticed is the battery power "remaining time" is inconsistent (which could be just my computer, or just another glitch). When it was at 18% it said an 1 hour and 8 minutes remaining. Then it hit 16% and said 38 minutes remaining. And now it's at 14% and says there are 52 minutes remaining. Not a big deal for me really, but a little annoying and I hope that that is just my laptop and not with everyones.Also I have had some sort of update to install every day since I got the laptop. Not sure if that again is just my laptop or if it has to do with being on Windows 8 (actually 8.1 since I chose to upgrade).Last thing I want to add is that I play Lord of the Rings Online, and though I don't know how demanding the game is compared to other PC games, I do want to say that it took a while to start up the game- but once it started I did not have that bad glitches. It was seamless for the most part except for a couple of times where my character wouldn't move for about...10-40 seconds (depends on if I kept clicking while it was glitching. If I left it alone it gets back up to speed faster.)Ask questions in a comment if you have any and I will try and answer because that makes it easier to make up your mind about buying!