I work for a technology company writing technical documentation, and took a Windows laptop when I started working there.  But, my department needed to migrate someone to a new MacBook with the 802.11ac wireless protocol, so I took one for the team (ha!) and was upgraded to this sweet little machine.Wow.  What took me so long to move to a Mac?  I love it.  And I'm only on the 13" base model (128GB HD / 4GB RAM / 1.3GHz)I think I've always been a little sticker-shocked when looking at Apple prices for personal use, but I do have an iPhone and an iPad and there's something to be said about the wonderfulness that is the Apple ecosystem and the Apple Cloud.Everything worthy of being said has already been said in the numerous reviews:- The battery life is impressive- The start time and general load time of applications is jaw-dropping- The machine is incredibly light but feels very sturdySome things I appreciated coming from the world of Windows:- iMessaging integrated into the laptop, so when I have an important text message come to my iPhone, I get a pop-up and can respond from my computer without pulling out my phone.  Super convenient.- Multi-touch on the trackpad, I don't think I can ever go back to old trackpads.  There's a slight learning curve but once you start utilizing the multi-touch gestures regularly, the efficiency is great.- Even though I practice good computing practices, after a year or two of use, I would always have a few nagging issues on my Windows machines.  Usually issues could be fixed by running malware extractors or registry fixes, but there would always be *something* and I found it to be good practice to do a complete restore every other year or so.  While I've only had the MBA a few months, Apple reviews and my short experience indicates that nonsense will be left in Windows-land.Accessories that I got for my MBA (since this is my main machine at work, I use it as a desk computer):- Logitech K750 wireless solar keyboard for Mac (Apple currently doesn't make a wireless keyboard with number pad)- Apple Magic Trackpad- An HP Pavilion 23xi IPS LED monitor for second screen; I did have to run a script to make it work with the MBA which you can find by googling.- If price is of no object, go for the Apple Thunderbolt Display.**all of the above have a gray matte finish similar to the MBA and look very nice together on my desk**- The Grid-it!  Since there are a lack of peripherals on the MBA, I had to get a few adaptors, namely a Thunderbolt display port for second monitor expansion, Thunderbolt Ethernet port, USB port expander, and the standard stuff you'd need for any laptop: Wireless adaptor for non-BT keyboard, a few thumb drives, headphones, iPhone/iPad charger, SD card holder and adaptors.  Instead of all of these things falling to the bottom of my laptop bag, my life is neat and organized with this accessory.- Ubiquiti UniFi 802.11ac Access PointOther accessories to consider: External CD/DVD or Blu Ray drive, External HD, and/or AirPort devices.After about three months of use, I am a very happy camper.