I have been wanting a Mac Laptop for quite a few years. I usually ended up purchasing a desktop because for the price, you will usually end up getting a machine with better specs. I kept going back and forth about getting the 13 inch or the 15 inch. I read the reviews and compared the specs and while the 15 inch (top of the line) had much better specs, I had to finally admit that I probably wouldn't need the discrete video card or the option of quad-core processors. I even went and posted the question on a website for Apple users and the overwhelming advice I received was to get the entry-level 13 inch machine. And in the end, I am very happy that I followed that advice. I went with the entry-level 13 inch machine and I could not be happier with my purchase. This computer is advertised as having the integrated intel video processor with 384 MB of RAM. One of the first things I did was to upgrade my RAM to 8 GB. When you do this you increase the amount of video RAM to 512 MB. This machine starts up very quickly and so far (which is almost two months now) this laptop has done everything that I have asked of it and it has done so without breaking a sweat. In fact, it seems to do anything, very quickly and very easily. I am still very impressed at the build quality that is evident in every aspect of this computer. I am very happy with my purchase and I would, without reservation, highly recommend this machine to anyone. I mostly use my computer for very basic types of stuff. Surfing the web, watching videos on youtube, e-mail and some lightweight document creating. It was fast, very fast, as soon as I started it up, right out of the box. But I must say that I could tell that is was "snappier" after upgrading the RAM to 8 GB. My only plans at this point are to eventually upgrade the hard drive to a larger size. As you already know, it comes standard with a 320 GB HD and while that is fairly large, I would like to increase it to something like 750 GB, which is also an option from apple. The illuminated keyboard is a real plus when typing in a dark room. This is the second laptop that I have ever owned, the first was a PC laptop that I purchased when I was in school for my programming classes. If I had to buy a laptop for the same reasons today as when I was in school, I could use this MacBook Pro, because it has an Intel processor and it can run windows. Apple products have a well deserved reputation for longevity and I plan to use this one for a very long time! I purchased this laptop from Amazon because they offered it at a better price than purchasing it from the Apple online store and it came with free shipping.