I bought this for my daughter for her 13th birthday.  So far, she LOVES it.  It's a great little computer.  It's not a typical laptop, so those considering buying it should really understand what they are getting before purchasing it.  Most of the limitations are software based, not hardware based.Things to consider before buying it:1) It's running Chrome OS.  It's not Windows or Mac OS.  Don't get me wrong, it's a great OS, but it has its limitations.2) It's got minimal internal storage.3) It's designed for cloud based functions.So, the person who would want this is someone who wants something light, quick, for web-based browsing and activities but is looking for more than a tablet.Getting past that, it's fantastic overall.PROs:1) It's fast.  It's got a quick processor, 2GB ram, and a Solid State Drive.  All that adds up to it working really fast.  Boots in a matter of seconds, logs in quickly.  In fact, almost every app loads very quick and is quite responsive.2) It's quiet.  Being that it has a SSD, you don't have the typical noise that you hear from a typical hard drive.3) It's lightweight.4) Battery life so far has been fantastic.  With the lack of Optical drive or traditional hard-drive, it uses less power at idle, so the battery life is much longer than typical laptops I've used.5) HD screen is really nice and clear.6) It has a good collection of apps and add-ons that give it additional functionality.7) It has HDMI, VGA out, 3 USB ports.  Has a Webcam & microphone for webchatting.8) Comes with 100GB of Cloud storage (this also comes as a con...which I will discuss in that section).CONs:1) Only 16GB storage...but that's not 16GB that you can use for apps, etc.  It's 16GB total...including the OS.  Even though Chrome is light-weight, it takes some space on it.2) It comes with 100GB of Cloud storage.  This is great, BUT...it's only free for 2 years.  After that, you're paying for it or your stuff is "stuck"...and what I mean by that is that while you can access it, you won't be able to modify it (delete, move or add new material).  You can buy more than 100GB for a fee.3) It needs the internet to do almost anything on it.  The apps are run in the cloud, so even simple functions are not functional without internet.  I did not subtract a star for this because anyone buying this should understand the device's limitations before buying it.  Buying a Cloud based device and then slamming it because you need the internet would be like buying a cell phone and being upset that you need to have cellular service to use it.All in all, it's great.  Truthfully, someone could buy this, format the drive and install a version of linux like Ubuntu, Opensuse, or Manjaro and have a great little full-function laptop for cheap, being that many Linux OSes can be installed on about 8 GB of space.For now, my daughter love it and thinks it's great for what she wants, and that makes me happy with my purchase