After my Android tablet liberated me from the rigid confines of my my desk by allowing me to surf the web and check email while on the couch or in bed, far from my desktop computer, I longed for even more freedom. I spend most of my computer time doing various word processing activities, and for that my very nice tablet is no reasonable substitute for a desktop computer. This Chromebook however, is perfect. It's inexpensive, lightweight, simple, and ready to use right out of the box.Because it's lightweight and doesn't get hot, it's very comfortable to sit with a Chromebook actually on your lap--something I haven't found to be true with other laptops. The plastic cover looks almost as good as the heavier casings on more expensive laptops, but it is easy to scratch so be careful. I'll review two aspects of the Chromebook--its functionality for word processing and its use as a back-and-forth to school computer for students.For word processing:  I hadn't used Google Docs much before I got the Chromebook, but it's a fine substitute for Word--the only thing I really  miss from Word is the ability to get synonyms with just a right click. I still use Word on my desktop computer, but since Google Docs can turn Word documents into Google Doc documents and visa versa it's possible to go back and forth between Word on my regular computer and Google Docs on my Chromebook very easily. I assumed I would end up wanting to get a bluetooth mouse, especially for the many times that I have to cut and paste while writing, but the trackpad is completely simple to use for this and for everything a mouse does so I haven't bothered. The keyboard keys are nicely spaced, not crowded. One thing I especially love about word processing on the Chromebook is that since it boots up and is ready to go so quickly I can grab a few minutes here and there to write--times that would be impractical on my desktop with its longer come to life time. Also with the Chromebook it's possible to write anywhere, including places without an internet connection since Google Docs can be used off-line.For students:  The students I see in my tutoring business have been very taken with the Chromebook, and after trying mine at least one of my students will be getting her own for Christmas. Her parents had been planning on getting her an iPad, but the Chromebook is both less expensive and more functional. Without buying any extra software students can research, write and print reports, essays or homework on it, and many of my students have already started using Google Docs instead of Word  because it allows for collaboration when they are doing group projects.  Most young people  are comfortable storing things in the cloud or moving things off and on flash drives so the small amount of storage isn't an issue for them , and the Chromebook's light weight is a real plus considering how heavy their backpacks can be. The Chrome Store has a lot of apps, always an enticement, and most of them free. Then there is the cool factor--the Chromebook looks good, and who doesn't appreciate that in an electronic device?I'm not ready to give up my desktop computer, with its large amount of storage and ability to add software, but as a second computer I could not be happier with my Chromebook. Being able to use the Chromebook to write while sitting on my couch in front of the fireplace is heaven.