I am not the type of person who writes reviews in leisure nor do I exaggerate when it comes to being a critic. When I say that this laptop is the worst thing you can probably buy with your money, go on a hunt for something better.I am a college student who is aiming for education beyond college. So when I as browsing through laptops, I looked for portability, sturdiness, endurance, fast processes, and of course affordability. Most important feature I was looking into was endurance since I may have to use the newly purchased laptop beyond college and into the workforce.This laptop is no mean cheap; this is reasonably priced I would say because this is very sturdy which maintains the integrity of Lenovo. However, what really struck me to buy this item is the hybrid functionality of switching between a laptop and a tablet. I've heard many good things about Lenovo so I went ahead to purchase this product. Now, I will never purchase any Lenovo Ultrabook EVER again.This is my second Lenovo product that I've purchased and the first was Lenovo Yoga 13. I liked the model a lot, I'm not gonna lie. The model was thin, light, fast, but a bit expensive. Within a few weeks I returned it because of mousepad problems. The right click didn't work in some websites which I didn't understand. Also, the memory was WAY TOO SMALL for a student who's always typing and making documents for school. So unfortunately, that was out.A few weeks later, I found Lenovo twist. I thought this laptop was perfect because it's under 4 pounds, compact, touchscreen (which I really grew into liking) and twice the memory of those of Yoga, being that it is still an Ultrabook. If I can rewind back in time, I would have never purchased this product.The first problem with this laptop is the POWER BUTTON.It's a very tiny button on the lower right side of the screen right below the lock button, which is used during tablet mode. You have to press this button VERY HARD or MANY TIMES or else, it won't turn on. Sometimes, it doesn't respond to the button so much that I pressed this for a good 30 sec and it just turned on and off by itself. WTF lenovo.The second problem is the SCREEN.There's nothing wrong with the touchscreen. Actually, it's very responsive and it feels just like a touchphone. It's not as smooth as an iPad but, not bad.The problem with the screen is the FLIPLOCK. This model is a hybrid of tablet and laptop. So when you twist the screen, it automatically read which side is upright and it changes the configuration. It doesn't understand when I'm using it as a laptop or a tablet. However, the quick fix for this is the LOCK button above the POWER button. And guess what? It doesn't read my inputs correctly either! So I'm stuck with a tablet screen whilst in a laptop mode!! I understand there's a quick fix for this but I don't want a quick fix! I want my laptop to be normally fucntional! It's freaking new, so why is it acting like I used this for years??the third and the BIGGEST turnoff for this model is the MOUSEPADOMG it is SO POORLY made. The mousepad feels really, really course and thick. So naturally, I thought it won't read your inputs easily. I was wrong.This mousepad is so HYPERSENSITIVE that it doesn't understand a light touch from a tap. It highlights EVERYTHING that I'm trying to read and in one instance deleted my texts. Do you know how much I suffered from this mousepad?And please, don't tell me 'you can uninstall the driver and download the older version' or 'change the settings of your mouse' or 'update the mousepad driver' or even 'download a separate mouse program' because I've done ALL of that and NOTHING seems to work. Now I have to opt out to use the nipple and even THAT doesn't understand my movements. This is a HARDWARE problem. Not the software. Sometimes, it reads the pressure of my wrist resting on the side of the laptop as a click. So it's not software, it's an internal malfunction. Lenovo, fix your damn mousepads. It's terrible. Get it right or you're gonna lose customers.Fourth problem is with WifiTo be really honest, the wifi connection is bad in ways that it keeps getting disconnected but since I'm so distracted by other horrific features, this is in the shadows of flaws in this model. Good thinking Lenovo!Keep in mind, this was not manufacturer refurbished, used, or damaged. This was absolutely new and I was the first person to use the computer. If I could I would SO return this in a heartbeat but since Lenovo's warranty sucks (I would have to mail this to TX to fix in weeks!) and I don't have money to buy another model, I's stuck with this piece of crap. My Squaretrade warranty wouldn't help me and I can't even return this through Amazon because if I send this laptop over, what am I gonna use in school?!?! This was my first time trying out Lenovo because I've heard SO many great things about this brand and how it keeps its integrity in each model.I agree that it keeps its integrity as in if I drop this laptop it would not break. But the normal functionality just SUCKS.So thanks for ripping off a college student Lenovo. I hope you're happy. And I will NEVER purchase your products EVER again.