I was looking at a Toshiba with similar but less specs than this machine. 3GB vs 4GB memory, and 320GB HD vs 500GB hard drive. $200 more everywhere I looked for the Tob, some places $300 more. This unit also has an extra slot for another hard drive internally.I bought this unit 3 weeks ago at a local BB for $599, which was a steal for the features and overall quality of this laptop.This Gateway is fast, plays DVDs with no problem, the high def is great and very crisp, and the 17.3 screen is plenty of real estate to work from. The keyboard was a little flat for my liking but after using it a while I've adjusted to it.Also the touch pad is at times not as responsive as I would like, the scrolling function that is. I would like it to be be a little more sensitive when scrolling up and down. Just wish I could adjust the response to the touch pressure some but that's not possible. But there are a lot of software adjustments to the touch pad available and it works great overall. The scrolling is usually when surfing so that could be a site or browser issue rather than the touch pad itself.The built in wireless network works great and gets a much stronger and reliable signal than my other laptop all over our house. I can even go out on the patio with no problems. The RJ-45 network hard wire connector works fine as well.Windows 7 is a joy on this thing, especially compared to Vista. Multitasking shows no signs of lag or hesitation when using several programs at once.I have 5 desktops and another laptop and all have XP except one. That one sits in the corner with very little use because it has Vista on it. I use it for backup audio recording sessions in my business only. Now it will get a face lift to Windows 7 and become my primary desktop.But it will be fighting with this new Gateway as I can see this laptop becoming my primary work machine for most things I do. I'm a techie and do light programming, audio and some video.I've yet to try any games on it but do think most games would play alright with some settings adjustments, except for the most intensive resource using games.Depending on the use, I've been averaging 3 - 3 1/2 hours on the battery with medium use on the resources, that's also having the screen about two settings dimmer from the highest setting which is still a very bright screen. The weight is around 7 pounds and makes it very comfortable for the lap and almost no heat from the bottom of the unit after a couple of hours use.If you buy one and need a case for it, look at the Case Logic 17" Slimline Laptop Case here at Amazon. I bought it and it's a good case for the price of 26 bucks, especially for 17 inch laptops.