I purchased this laptop so I could go to LAN parties and not have to take my huge desktop rig.  While this laptop is rather large and heavy the excellent cooling I suspect is going to increase the overall life of this laptop.Pros-Great Gaming performance. Upon getting this laptop in the mail I updated the GFX driver got 3dmark on it and running.  [...].  Pretty solid IMHO.Easy to setup in game configurations with GeForce experience.  It looks at what you have and adjusts the options in game to give you the best performance/quality ratio.  I was quickly able to get Battlefield 4, Final Fantasy XIV, DOTA2, and Titanfall running super smooth at around 50-60FPS.Battery boost seems to have a decent effect when gaming on the battery.  It does cut your FPS down but it does this to extend your overall gaming session.  Depends on the game that is running whether it actually works.  The default Max FPS on battery is 30FPS.  If you never get above 30 on your settings you won't notice much of a difference. But I did notice about an extra hour or so of gaming in my testing with FFXIV.  Overall battery is great. I was able to get 3-4 hours of gaming and 4-5 hours of just web browsing youtube videos etc.Decent sound not the best i've ever heard in my life but one of the best I've heard from a laptop.  Also the mic is pretty good as well.  I've heard no complaints about my sound levels in Ventrillo usingKeyboard is super responsive, keys have a nice bounce and feel to them.  It's also almost a fullsize which makes typing super comfortable.The overall astetic is nice.  I like the stealth fighter look. This is completely subjective though.ConsNo SSD.  This is kind of meh though.  System seems fine the standard HDD installed.  I will be using the 2nd available HDD slot to install a SSD though just to add a bit of extra snappiness.  I really like that I can put in an extra HDD/SSD and there's RAID support across the two drives.McAfee -  There wasn't much bloatware overall but this one piece did upset me just cause it's a pain in the butt to remove from the system.RAM Slots-  This is the biggest con I can see.  This laptop has 4 ram slots only 2 are user accessable with out voiding your warranty.  There are two on the bottom side, only one of which was populated.  After watching some disassembly videos there are two extra ram slots on the keyboard side of the motherboard. There's no way to get to these slots with out completely voiding your warranty.  If you want to populate the one empty slot of memory Google HMT451S6AFR8A-PB.  This is the part number matching the other three that are currently in the system.  Always good to match your memory.  I found one for around 40 on Amazon which gives the system 16GB total.  I don't see me going higher than that due to the aforementioned issue with RAM slots 3/4.Other Thoughts,This thing is great with a few tweaks (extra ram stick, ssd) it is amazing.  You won't be disappointed.