We have 4 Chromebooks in our family.  The latest Samsung model, an Acer C720 4GB and C720 2GB, and this HP Chromebook 11.  The HP is tops in build quality, sound, and keyboard, and the IPS screen dominates the other current offering's TN panels.  However, it's performance is nowhere near the standard being set by the Haswell chipped models.  So why would you buy this over the others?The build quality is really good compared to the other Chromebooks.  Very solid body; although I wish the display / lid was a bit more rigid and the finish not so glossy (really shows fingerprints).  Excellent keyboard.  None of the other Chromebooks we own is as nice to type on. The Samsung has nice keys, but these are much better; nice size / spacing and very quiet.  Excellent speakers.  If you rely on on-board sound you will really enjoy the performance of the HP's top firing, under keyboard speakers.  And of course, the display.  The IPS screen is clear and bright, the colors are so much more natural than the Samsung or the Acers, and the viewing angles are stellar as well.  Only the $1300 Pixel has better screen in a Chromebook.  If you can live with the lower performance of this Chromebook you will certianly be satisfied with the machine as a whole.  As long as you aren't opening tons of tabs at the same time it should work well.  My daughter uses this HP at college and she really loves it.  She notes that it streams Netflix and Hulu Plus really good for her, and that using Google Drive/Document and her cloud printer has worked really well.  The only complaint she has is with the charge times, and I have noticed this too.  Where many have praised the ability to charge with any Micro USB wire, charging is slow.  Even with the original charger (the recalled model that came with it) the charging was not as fast as the the Acers or the Samsung.  And if you try to charge this with the charger supplied with your smart phone it will take an even longer time and you will not be able to charge while you use it (the battery will still drain).Some additional observations.  The lack of an SD card slot, and no USB 3 may be an issue for some, and no HDMI makes extending the screen a bit more difficult.  Yes the Micro USB is Slim Port capable, but you can't charge and extend the screen at the same time.  The 16GB drive is small, but if you have transitioned to working in the cloud this shouldn't be an issue.  Still, even with a 100GB Google Drive account, I swapped out the SSD in my C720 for a 128GB unit and ended up with over 100 GB of local drive space.  As for the trackpad.  I really like the size and feel of it, but it can be a little jumpy sometimes.  Still it is generally smooth, quiet, and the clicker works well.  The Bluetooth works good with my Bose Soundlink Mini, and I have even hooked up my Nuforce Icon DAC via USB.  The Chromebooks all recognize the DAC and it sounds great with music played through Google Play.I give it 4 stars for the build, stellar screen, and cost to value.  The speed is adequate, but it lags with a lot of websites; Facebook being the one I notice the most.  My ideal Chromebook would have the screen, sound, and keyboard of the HP 11 with the performance of the Haswell machines.  One should also consider that with the popularity of the Chromebooks growing, additional manufacturers like Dell getting into the game, and the certainty that there will be a whole new crop of new and improved machines coming in the very near future, this machine may be outdated sooner than later.  Still, it is an excellent Chromebook.