UPDATE---(on bottom)Conceptually and on paper, this machine is awesome. After using it for about a month or so, it was still awesome. It is very snappy, and the trackpad is amazing compared to any other trackpad I have used. The display is not perfect (gradient mountains near the edge of the screen due to varying 'tightness' of the bezel), but decent for being on a laptop. They keyboard is backlight, adding value during use at night. Overall, it has been good computing experience.It stopped being awesome though, after I used it for what it is designed to be - portable. If you search on your favorite search engine "2011 MBA - Faint lines", it will be your first hit. If anything presses against the lid of the MBA while closed for an extended period of time, the keyboard will press against the screen - imprinting onto the LCD. This is a common occurrence for those who use a laptop...like a laptop and is honestly unacceptable. After bringing it to the genius bar, a suggestion provided to me is to simply use a hard cover case such that the pressure is applied to the case instead of the MBA lid. While an excellent suggestion, it undermines the purpose of the form factor of the MacBook Air - namely, portability from being extremely lightweight and thin. To travel without without fear, I would have to double the weight and quadruple the thickness.For those travelers out there - this is my warning, and may I also add that my ThinkPad 120xe and Alienware M11X never suffered damage due to being transported.Edit: If you're wondering whether or not this screen issue is a just cause for 1 star - it is. The screen heavily impacts the enjoyability of using the product. If it was just a matter of having a poor quality screen (such as one with very poor color replication), then the rating would have been based on how important I felt screen quality was. However, this is something entirely different - the screen is damaged during what I would consider to be normal and practical usage. As such, it is a design flaw that cripples the entire experience. I will attempt to find and upload a picture of related damage.UPDATE -- (Copy and paste of my review for the Razer Kabuto Screen Protector/Mousepad - refer to the product for a full review, I only copied comments relevant to the MBA)<review for the Kabuto>At first, I was told by the Apple Genius Bar technicians that placing something between the screen and the body would only reduce the clearance, and would do nothing to help with the issue. I decided that it certainly would not hurt (more) - and might even help distribute the pressure a little more evenly across the screen. Worse case,  /wave <$20.To my surprise, the cloth has work VERY well. Since I've used it, the white line issue is practically nonexistent.Now, to review the product:Pros - Thin! - but not TOO thin. I was certainly aware of the thickness of this cloth before I bought it. I chose this one over other (more popular / common) brands because this cloth adds the additional functionality of a mousepad (others are just cloths - I did find one that was a cloth, and a mousepad  - but that one was a tad too thick for the MBA - first hand experience - Everki). It was also 'slightly' thicker. I valued the thickness because I sought to provide more of a 'cushion' between the screen and the body. I deemed other cloths TOO thin.....DISCLAIMER - the fit within the MBA is not a 'perfect' fit. Meaning the lid does not close entirely (it is not a giant gap - but definitely a noticeable one if you care). If you want a cloth that closes entirely, you would want a thinner cloth (Shaggymac, Radtech). For me, the cushion was a requirement - a super thin cloth, in my opinion (it could be completely wrong!), could not protect as well as this cloth.</end of review>WITH this product, I would raise my rating to around 4 ish stars. Unfortunately, the Macbook Air does NOT come with a screen protector cloth, and will be leaving my reviewing of 1 star as a WARNING that a screen protector cloth is NEED - not to prevent scratches (with is the obvious reason why one would want screen protection), but to prevent the 'faint white line.'Good luck!