I have had this computer for almost a month before I wrote this review so i could give you all a good review. This laptop is awesome. I am very happy that I purchased this laptop. It is very fast everything runs great on this machine. This is my first Asus laptop and I am so so so happy I purchased it. I am a big gammer so all of the games I have played have worked without any problems on high settings. I play mostly MMORPG type games, so I have played WOW, ROM, Atlantica, and soon Star Craft 2, every game I have thrown at this computer it has worked without a problem.  I also run alot of programs because I am currently in school so I have alot of applications open, and I have my browser open with prob over 20 + tabs, and I have multiple games running in the background along with my Norton working in the background and other background services and this thing DOES NOT SKIP A BEAT. With all that going on I haven't seen this computer over-clock it self yet so its well worth getting the Asus i7 series laptops. The volume is great on some things and others its pretty crappy, the screen is awesome I am not sure what everyone is complaining about because it looks great to me. The keyboard is a chicklet type keyboard but I love it, it doesn't flex on the left side well not on my computer so I am not sure where people are getting that from either, but then again I don't type really hard, I am very fast lite typer, but I have typed hard to see if it flexes and it doesn't so maybe its just their computer. Some people are complaining that there is not a backlight on the keyboard, well all I have to say about that is it would be nice but I type without looking at the keyboard so it really doesn't matter to me.Now the only bad thing I have to say is the laptop is a finger print magnet and a dust magnet because I am always cleaning this beast LOL. The color is a very dark dark brown and you can't tell it is a brown color unless its under direct light but it doesn't bother me because it looks very professional and I like that. It does get a little hot on the left hand side but the fan does a good job keeping it cool. I did buy a laptop cooler but I don't think it really needs it but I use it anyways and it keeps it pretty cool, but this a laptop after all with alot of power so what can you expect it will get hot sometimes! Over all this is a great computer for just the causal user or for someone who needs alot of power. If you can get this computer when its on sale then grab it, even if you can't the price amazon is offering for this computer is still wonderful because I did alot of research and you can't get this much power with this size screen with any other computer or for the same computer from a different company its more expensive. I had doubts about buying this computer at first and after doing alot of research at least a week worth of research reading reviews and all sorts of thing and I still found that this is a freakin awesome computer from an awesome company. If your a gammer then get this beast it will handle all your games, if you need power for other things and software then this is the computer for you. Like it says its an entertainment laptop I have viewed HD movies on here and it is so amazing, I use headphones ofcourse so the sound comes across great, im a computer geek and very picky so if i suggest this computer to other people then its good. Just Buy It.