After considering many lower cost PC options, I went with the MacBook.  I am very happy with my purchase.  Overall design factors include a superior track pad interface, solid construction, back-lit keyboard, superior OS, terrific display, etc.  There are some higher end PC notebook solutions available but the cost difference really isn't that much between these solutions and the MacBook.  You get what you pay for and them some with this MacBook.I have no need to use an external mouse with this notebook due to an inferior track-pad interface found on most PC notebooks.  I have observed that the mouse pointer will jump around at times on PC notebooks due to sensitivity issues.  Other reviewers have observed the same behavior. This is likely due to the sensing of the palm by the track-pad.  Additionally, the track-pad on the PC solutions is often too small.  Often, these solutions need to include at least two buttons for left and right clicking and sometimes four just to accommodate users who are accustom to using buttons on the top or bottom of the track-pad.  The track-pad on the MacBook is a button itself and that is all that is needed.  Apple in effect is telling users to evolve and you will be better off.One thing worth noting about the MacBook is it does have sharp edges.  This allows the notebook to close such that there is no gap around the perimeter of the notebook.  However, if you are a user that rests your wrists on the notebook while typing instead of letting them float above the keypad, you will get many creases on your wrists and will likely feel some irritation.  This may ultimately result in more significant wrist injuries. When I first started using this notebook, my wrists did exhibit these creases so I adjusted my typing position by floating my hands above the keyboard as recommended.  Problem solved!  Apple design engineers are in effect saying "learn to type correctly."  Additionally, I purchased the following item to place the MacBook in a slanted orientation.  It also helps with heat dissipation and is very portable.  Having the notebook in the slanted orientation will also fix the issue with the sharp edges if you insist on not floating your hands above the keyboard while typing. I highly recommend it:Hercules X-Stand Ergonomic Portable Natural Airflow Cooling Stand For all 12-17" Laptop / Notebook ComputersI decided to go with the 1680 x 1050 display rather than the lower resolution display.  I believe that this is definitely worth the extra money.  Additionally, I considered the matte screen to mitigate the effects of screen reflections but ultimately decided to go with the glossy screen due to its vibrancy.  There can be issues with reflections so if you are a user that has a window directly behind you or work in an environment that has bright lights, you may want to opt for the matte screen. Reflections have not been an issue for me.  I recommend the glossy screen for most users.My system has 8 Gig of RAM.  Running a few applications will eat up memory fairly quickly.  Once memory runs low, the OS will need to swap memory to the hard disk thus compromising performance.  According to Apple, use of RAM that is not exactly the same as what is specified (same specs and manufacture) will void the warranty.  You may want to consider that if you are looking at the possibility of adding your own RAM which you can do for significantly less than what Apple charges which is $200 for 4 Gig more than the base model which has 4 Gig of RAM itself.  Contact Apple first if you have any doubts about such warranty issues.In summary,  all of the components of the MacBook are integrated so well with the OS that it is truly the superior solution. This is simply because Apple has virtually complete control of the OS and hardware.  Without going into the technical details here, this makes a huge difference when compared to solutions based on Windows that need to accommodate multiple hardware platforms from many notebook manufactures.