5/11/2013 - I received this laptop in the mail last night and have now spent about twelve hours using it. It came nicely packaged in a small box which contained only the bare essentials - the laptop, the charger, and an instructional diagram. Getting the laptop up and running was a piece of cake. The laptop itself is made of plastic. Despite this, it does not feel cheap or poorly constructed. The plastic backing is shiny and has a "premium look". The keyboard and speakers are also arranged in an aesthetically pleasing manner.The laptop comes with the regular edition of Windows 8. It comes pre-installed with quite a bit of "bloatware" from Acer, i.e., programs that they likely get paid to include on the machine. This includes McAfee antivirus, Norton backup software, Acer music and video software, a video editing suite, and numerous other Acer programs. I spent about an hour and a half deleting all of this software using the "Add and remove programs" feature in the control panel. Luckily, they uninstalled painlessly and left no discernible traces behind them. I also deleted the included links to eBay, Amazon, and Netflix, and deleted all of the pre-installed Acer "apps" found on the Windows 8 "Metro" interface. The only Acer apps that I left behind were "Launch Manager" (for the hot keys) and "Identity Card" (which displays your laptop's serial number). This left the system with a clean look and zippy feel.I then proceeded to install the new student edition of Microsoft Office, Google Chrome, and Google Drive (the latter of which I used to download all of my personal files from my other computer). If you do install Office, make sure you open Word, Excel, and PowerPoint individually to uninstall the included AcerCloud add-in. This may be done by going to options, add-ins, and then manage COM add-ins. Remove them to speed up start up time. Now the laptop is looking good and working well. I fired up a few videos on Youtube to test the speakers and they actually get loud and produce pretty good sound quality. The screen resolution and overall video quality is also good for the price. Battery life so far seems to be about three hours (the description on the website says five), which is enough for me.I "upgraded" to this system from a two-year-old HP Pavilion dv6t running an Intel Pentium i7 processor with 8 gigabytes of RAM. So in a sense this was a "downgrade", but actually, the responsiveness of the system is about equivalent to that of my more expensive HP. Also, this computer is lighter, has better battery life, and doesn't make nearly as much noise or get as hot. So it was a worthwhile trade off. I chose an Acer this time around because I used to own one (back in 2006) and it served me well and never broke down. Hopefully this one will live up to its predecessor. I have had several HP laptops break down on me and wasted a lot of time on the line with their tech support and didn't want to live through that again.I should point out to potential buyers, there is another machine on Amazon right now by Asus that looks to be identical to this Acer. However, it's a bit cheaper. If I had realized this when I made the purchase I probably would have tried it instead. It is the ASUS K55N-DS81 15.6-Inch Laptop (Black) currently available for $379.99. If my opinion of this Acer laptop changes I'll update my review in the future.8/13/2013 - I've now been using the laptop for about three months. I haven't had any problems with it so far. It still feels very responsive for browsing the internet, watching videos online, and document editing. I also use it quite a bit for statistical analysis using the R programming language and have been happy with its responsiveness. Battery life is as advertised when using power saver mode.