I was really excited to get this laptop but after a few days, I encountered and dealt with the following problems:1. The 1024 GB 5400 rpm Hard Drive that comes with the laptop does not fit the spec. and the performance of this awesome machine.  Its really slow to boot up (relatively speaking compared to any PC with a SSD).>> I fixed this by installing a 250 GB Samsung SSD to run the Windows 8 OS and 1TB SSHD for applications and data (the PC has dual drive bays).  Once Windows 8 finally downloaded all its updates (it does this in background), the PC now boots up in less than 5 seconds.2. When you close the lid, the PC goes into sleep mode so all your applications 'die'.>> By default, the Power4Gear Hybrid Software for handling the power options does not save the applications' data to disk before putting the PC into sleep mode hence all your open applications die.  You need to go into the settings and set the 'Allow hybrid sleep' to 'On'.  This should be the default!3. Nvidia drivers cannot be installed from the GeForce Experience application so your games report that you have an old driver and the game may crash.>> The reason for this is Asus has its own updater for the PC drivers although the Live update does not detect when there are new drivers on the Asus support website!!  You have to download these manually and install them yourself, WTF!4. I've installed Rainmeter on the PC and you cannot hide desktop icons using the 'View->Show desktop icons' option.  Even if you set this to be off, when the PC is rebooted, the desktop icons are shown again even though they are suppose to be off.>> You can only turn them off in the Power4Gear Hybrid application under the Enable/Disable menu item > Hide Desktop Icons!5. Window 8 is annoying on a PC as there is no Statup menu for accessing all windows applications.>> I fixed this by installing the ClassicShell (See: [...] this should be fixed in Windows 8.1.6. The metal around the keyboard is really nice but is difficult to keep clean.  Greasy fingers with leave marks everywhere.>> I wear gloves now when using the PC (only joking).Note, if you open the back panel, you will see only a 4 GB memory module installed.  Don't worry there is a further 8 GB installed somewhere else where you can't get at without openning up the unit and invalidating your warranty.  There is a free memory slot for a further upgrade but 12 GB seems to be enough for running all the games I have (COH2, Tomb Raider 2013, StarCraft Heart of the Swarm) and photographs post processing.So nearly happy with the PC although I needed to spend some more money and time in fixing the above problems.  Would be interested to hear from someone who brought the equalivalent Alienware PC if similar things on their laptop annoys them as this was the other laptop I was considering.  The SSD and the SSHD upgrade meant the PC costed around $1,550 which is about the price of the Alienware equilvalent.