This is my first Sony VAIO purchase and I have to say it's really good! It's design is beautiful as well as the Sea-foam color I believe that's what it's called. It has a beautifully back-lit keyboard makes it very easy to see at night obviously but in the day too it looks really nice. It's very lightweight and thanks to it's 5400RPM HDD it does not get hot at all which is a relief because this is a problem I have run into with other laptops.It comes with an Intel i3 processor which is great for everyday tasks and having several programs open. I use Cisco Packet Tracer while listening to music on YouTube or Pandora and having my browser, Mozilla open with multiple tabs open and it handles it very well.I plan on slapping another 2 gigs to this PC to run better because I need it but for everyday use and stuff it should be fine.This PC comes with Windows 8! As stated on the product specs. Okay Windows 8 is pretty good, yes it has a new interface but not so different honestly. When the PC boots you will be prompted with MS new Metro UI (User Interface). It 's very nice actually the apps are pretty cool and it just shows where OS(operating system(s)) are going. Many people have approached Windows 8 with a negative attitude because of the interface but if you look back when the transition went from WinXP to Windows Vista soon after Windows 7 people reacted the same but then got used to it and so I believe that's how Windows 8 is going to be.*I do advise you to invest 5 dollars in a program called Start8* This program brings back the Start button that we are so used to seeing in Windows 7 and it functions just like Windows 7 and it makes the transition a little less painful with all the extra clicking that Windows 8 forces us to make.Graphics are good too it's nothing spectacular but hey it's good enough. This PC can edit HD & 3D videos it's sort of like Windows Movie Maker, and it comes with Sound Forge where you can create your own music which is pretty cool don't think I will use it but somebody else probably will.In the package where the instruction manual comes will be a promotional credit where Sony gives you 3 credits for you to use on Google Play where you can watch 3 movies of your choice with the selection given unlimited times. I don't think you can download it which is unfortunate but still it's 3 movies.I know this is a long review and not the best but I do hope it has helped anyone interested in getting this PC.Overall, it's a great PC. This is not suited for somebody needing to have Photoshop open with some Adobe Illustrator and 10 tabs on your browser open. But more for someone with little-moderate use and also this is price range I was looking for as well.Feel free to leave a comment or a question and  I will try to answer it to the best of my ability!Regards,Andrew Ramirez