I bought this notebook/laptop under $500 USD as a quick tool for a short IT project.  Being accustomed to high-end enterprise-class notebooks (fast, lightweight, solid build), this seemed risky, but at that price and spec, add a warranty/service plan just in case, how could one resist?  (Disposable <$500 PCs: what a novel idea!)Ten months later, after much project travel, this is my rock-solid, non-enterprise class "go-to" PC.  The 6GB memory with an i5 proc running Win7 x64 packs some useful power.  For instance, I can do presentations and demos running two virtual machines.  The keyboard is the best I've used so far; I do a lot of typing and content creation, and I'll reach for the V570 to do most of my writing on it rather than the other high-end PCs.  The biometric fingerprint reader works well, and the built-in ports (HDMI, VGA, e-SATA) are handy when the ultra doesn't deliver.  Lenovo's boot optimizer actually works and is a nice cherry atop the other performance highlights.The build and finish is surprisingly good.  The weight and thickness is decent for a non-ultra book, and it's held up well over time.  The only battle wound is a dent in the outer display cover after some typical airport checkpoint abuse.What has proved the most frustrating to me (and other reviewers) is the multi-touch pad (Synaptics v8.0.4):  It will do all your typical multi-touch gestures well, however it will occasionally snap into zoom mode while typing, causing your editor/app to suddenly zoom in or out rapidly.  This happens even if your left palm is simply resting on the left palm reset, far left of the touchpad.  Touchpad adjustments to PalmCheck have not solved this problem.Yes, there are a few other things that are annoying, but most are due to my being spoiled by models costing 3x more.  Battery life is not fantastic, not surviving a 5-hr flight if stuck in coach.  The keyboard is not backlit, and there's no built-in Bluetooth, so you cannot use all those devices you bought unless you strap on a USB Bluetooth adapter.  The 768-pixel display height is tough on some applications, esp. app dev and diagramming where I prefer a bit more res/height.  It goes without saying that this display is not stellar but functional considering the price.  And the built-in speakers are sub-par, distorting most audio at reasonable volume.  Using it as a quick speakerphone (built-in mic with built-in speakers) is not advisable due to lack of built-in noise/feedback cancellation, but this is solved with external devices I already have (USB headset, speakerphone).All these negatives are offset by the memory, proc and power for that crazy price.  If they can still find them, and they don't need the latest, sexiest, status symbol, I highly recommend it to friends and colleagues to be their bang-for-buck PC.UsageBackup PC for consulting, software development, document creation, diagramming, demo'ing tech via virtualization, light video editing, watching video content/movies while travelling, VOIP/video conferencing, and your standard business activities. It's used as a UPnP media source ([...]) as well. I have played a couple of games when necessary, and it does a good job rendering 3D.