I purchased this computer to use just with my Samsung Smart TV - (because the television internet interface is just so slow in performance) Please keep this in mind when looking at my four star rating and review comments.I will get the "not so good" stuff out of the way first.  The "fit and finish" of the computer overall is pretty good, not great but not poor.  The keyboard platform piece appears to sit down into the bottom case with a VERY noticeable lip edge that is a bit sharp.  As the wrist rest space when using the keyboard is really large (a plus) the edge is not right on the wrist area and so far has not been a problem; I later just stood the computer on edge with the screen hinged open and used an emery board to smooth the edge.I wish the screen had a indent or latch to use in the middle, the lid closes nice and tight, but without having something to grab onto the inclination is to just use one corner of the lid/screen to open it up, as the spring holding the lid closed is tight and the screen is so large I am sure it would be just a matter of time before the case or screen itself is damaged.  I definitely recommend using a two handed approach when opening up for use.OK, that was all I have found so far that I consider a weakness of the computer.  I purchased this computer to sit on the cabinet with my television so I could use it on the internet, and for Skype.  I do not think I would toss this into a computer bag and cart it around for use as it is not built to take a lot of bumps.I wanted a computer with Bluetooth so I could pair the existing television keyboard with mousepad to it and save the expense of purchasing a wireless set - this computer has this.  I have sense found that paring my phone to the computer when using Skype allows me to send files to the computer and then out to who ever I am online with, or just to move pictures without having to drag out the USB cable and connect them together. Bluetooth use and setup, including paring of devices  with the computer and Windows 8 is a Snap.A note about Windows 8 - it really is meant to be used with a touch screen, this computer does NOT have a touch screen, that is not a fault of the computer but the OS I decided to use.  This may be something you want to consider if you purchase ANY system that uses Windows 8 and does not have a touch screen.The computer has a built in camera and microphone, and I find both are just superb for both close up and distance use, I sit about 12 feet back from where the computer is when using the camera and microphone with Skype and the people I talk to say the picture and audio is very good.The Wi-Fi interface can be controlled from within Windows 8, or from the keyboard, long gone is the switch on side of the computer itself.  The indicator is a soft white light (as are all of the indicators) on the lower left edge of the computer, a plus I think as they are not always shining into your eyes.The power on/off switch is in the upper left corner, it is not backlit (hence it does not shine into your eyes either) but has it's own indicator in the four light cluster in the lower left.The computer has a 500GB hard drive, a step up from the 320GB capacity of others in this class of computer.  The processor is only 1.8Ghz, but this also means you , using less battery and less heat is generated.  I find that using the laptop, actually on my lap, is not uncomfortable from any heat generation.  There is a max memory capacity of 8GB, it comes with 4GB.  If you are planning on power gaming or CAD creation then consider a memory upgrade up front or go with a different computer that supports greater capacity.The graphics engine is built in, and is pretty good, full motion video looks great and so far I have not found any problems in quality.  The built in speakers for sound...well that could be better in my opinion but when I use headphones or external speakers it really shines, and as such I am not taking points of for this.Plenty of USB connectors (three on the left, one on the right) and an HDMI output (left side) - this is the only output for video and is more and more the standard, but if you need some other type of video in or out this would be a limitation.The DVD is read / write, I used it for creating my recovery disks, I could use a USB as well but wanted to test the DVD.  It is what it is, not a lot of frills software comes with the unit, but so far I find no lag or artifacts in using it for sound or video.With all the features this computer has, and being at a price point in the near $400 range it did all I wanted it to do without having to spend several hundred more for the same features and things I would not be using.For a light use, on the desk type of situation I would recommend this - keeping in mind the OS and lack of touch screen.  I am happy with the computer, would buy it again, and with the considerations of use in  mind I would recommend it to others.