I need to lead with the negative. With my T100 the Broadcom wireless drivers that Windows update suggested I update to through Windows update Borked the tablet. It took me awhile to figure out that they were the problem as there were a fair number of other updates. In the end it took 7 restores, one refresh and lots of sleuthing (about 8hrs in total) to determine that it was the update to the Broadcom wireless drivers that kept destroying the windows install. The touch screen would lose operability, I'd get BSoD on reboot and sometimes it would just lock-up completely. I was able to restore each time, but after I left the drivers alone with no update, it has been working PERFECTLY since then. So my suggestion is, do NOT attempt to update the Broadcom wireless drivers THROUGH WINDOWS UPDATE.I say that because today I ran in to another Broadcom driver issue. The wireless adapter comes defaulted to 20mhz/65mbps mode. I enabled 40mhz/150mbps mode. It would keep losing an effective network connection after 3-5 minutes. After checking, Asus has newer Broadcom drivers on their website. I downloaded it and had to manually select the driver (no install package for them). The installed driver has a signed date of October, the Asus website says that the drivers on their site I think are November signed, after manually updating Windows claims that the drivers are older and from September (despite what Asus website claims). HOWEVER, the wireless adapter now works in 40mhz/150mbps mode without dropping the connection every few minutes (requiring a restart). Weirdly the network status claims it is only connected at 24mbps (I've verified 150Mbps connection speeds as SMB transfers from my file server chug along between 6-8.5MB/sec, about 67Mbps on the high end, compared to 3-5.5MB/sec in 20Mhz/65Mbps mode).So the wireless in the tablet is bonkers. I think I blame mostly Broadcom on this one, but Asus should have also done better validation of the hardware they were installing in these tablets. Mine is a fairly early one, Warehouse deal from around 11/25, so it is probably some of the earliest hardware. It could be Asus changed to a different revision of the same Broadcom wireless adapter, or maybe better quality control.Either way, BEWARE when you are setting it up for the first time.So the negative out of the way. After getting the wireless issues fixed, it has been problem free and working GREAT. Yes, it is only a 768p screen, but the quality is rather good. Decent viewing angles, decent saturation, bright enough and I don't notice significant glare (I'd rate it roughly on par, glare wise, as my iPad 2, but overall better DPI, almost as good viewing angles, better contrast and maybe slightly better saturation).The atom processor in the tablet is overall pretty snappy and I don't find any real issues with the eMMC in the tablet for speed. The card slot seems limited to around 20-25MB/sec only, sadly, but it may be worth getting a fast micro SD card for it anyway, as you have better small file transfer performance, even if you can't get all of the sequential speed goodness (I got a 32GB Sandisk Extreme to go with the tablet on sale from Amazon. It hits ~80MB/sec reads and 55MB/sec writes through my desktop's USB 3.0 reader, but only around 25MB/sec read and writes in the T100, but small file performance is pretty close between the my USB3.0 card reader and the internal T100 card slot).The dock is pretty good. I have average sized hands for a man 6'1", so bigger than average for most men. I don't have any real problems typing on it. Sure, it is small, its a 10.1" tablet dock. I wouldn't want to write a 20 page paper on it, but I can manage at least 80% of my typing speed that I can on my 14" laptop or desktop's full sized keyboard. The key travel is nice, it isn't a loud keyboard. The trackpad is nicer than I was lead to believe. No, it isn't great, yes it is small. I don't really have any issues with it losing track and it generally registers clicks (90+% of the time).Overall, for the price the T100 is awesome. Sadly stock of it seems low right now with few having it, especially the 64GB model. I can't help wondering what Asus could have done with another $100 on the price tag. z3770 processor, 900 or 1080p screen and 3/4GB of RAM? Maybe slightly better build quality and better/faster wireless?Maybe next year.At any rate, the T100 is well worth its price.