DESIGNThe Yoga is an exciting device.  I had been following its progress since its first debut at CES 2012.  The 360-degree hinge is very innovative, successfully adding slate (let's not say tablet) functionality to a fully-usable Ultrabook.The finish on the Yoga is pretty to touch and to look at, but it does seem more susceptible to scratches and staining than the average laptop.DISPLAYOverall, the display on the Yoga is very nice.  It is IPS, has great viewing angles and nice colors.  Compared to most laptops, 1600 x 900 is "high resolution".  Unfortunately, after using smartphones with as many or more pixels on a 4 or 5 inch screen, my initial reaction when using the Yoga screen was "pixels".  I particularly noticed the pixilation when reading scaled text.  But this is no great fault of the Yoga itself, just the nature of our becoming accustomed to higher-resolution screens.In typical Lenovo fashion, the 360-degree hinge is very strong.  When you move the screen to a certain position, it will stay there, and that's something not every laptop can claim.  It opens and closes easily, and fully opens into "Tablet Mode" with a satisfying snap.  But on this point, the Yoga is not much use as a tablet, first of all being extremely awkward with keys exposed on the back (forget carrying an extra sleeve along), even though the keys and touchpad are disabled in this mode.  And furthermore it is much too heavy for true tablet use.  But as a slate with a stand (Lenovo: "Stand Mode"), the Yoga fills a very nice niche.KEYBOARDThe keyboard on the Yoga is mediocre.  Coming from a Lenovo ThinkPad, it was one of my biggest disappointments, since key action is somewhat mushy and the keyboard itself has flex in the middle.  It also lacks backlighting, which is a strange omission for a higher-end laptop.  In its favor, the keyboard does include dedicated Home and End keys, as well as function keys that do not require the user to depress the "Fn" key to use them.TOUCHPADThe touchpad on the Yoga is one of the best on a Windows machine.  It has a nice texture which allows your finger to glide smoothly across, and pointing is accurate.  In addition, two-finger scrolling is very smooth, unlike some of the competition.WIRELESSIn my use of the Yoga, I did not have problems with the wireless.  However, the wireless card does not support 802.11a (5 GHz) WiFi, which means it will not be able to take advantage of a dual-band router's ability to avoid congestion on 2.4 GHz frequencies.  This, again, is an unfortunate omission for a laptop in this price range, and should give pause to any buyer who wants full compatibility with all home router technologies.There have been a number of user complaints with regard to limited range on the Yoga WiFi, though I did not have a chance to validate these claims.NOISEHere is the deal-breaker for me.  The fan on this laptop runs constantly, and in a quiet environment, is very audible.  My unit's fan was not defective, as it did not make any grinding or scraping noises like some have reported, but the constant `woosh' of fan noise at a volume and frequency higher than other models was too much to be ignored in a quiet environment.  Some work all day in a noisy office or house and will not notice this, others, like me, spend lots of time in a quiet work environment or bedroom, and the noise is overpowering.  Hopefully Lenovo will rectify this issue through a software update at some point, but for now, it is definitely an issue to be aware of.UPGRADABILITYThe Yoga scores a big plus in the upgradability category, since users can not only upgrade their SSD, but also add a second SSD, as well as upgrade their RAM.  There are several how-to articles available on the web to accomplish this.WRAP-UPMy overall assessment of the Ideapad Yoga is that it is a great concept not quite ready for prime-time.  The pretty screen and acrobatic form-factor are overshadowed by a mediocre keyboard and a noisy fan, not to mention the glaring omission of 5 GHz wireless capability for dual-band routers, and the question of how long the finish will endure before it looks as dingy as the store model.I ended up exchanging my Yoga for an Asus Zenbook Prime Touch (UX31A-BHI5T11).  The Zenbook has some quality-control issues with its screen and inferior trackpad, but otherwise has a better (and backlit) keyboard, better wireless, quieter fan, and sharper screen, all coming in a thinner and lighter profile.  Though I would currently recommend the Asus over the Yoga, I think all of the PC manufacturers need to take a closer look at their consumer feedback and quality control before rushing the next device to market.