Main computer use is word processing, web surfing and minor computer based art and photo manipulation. Acer Aspire V5 was purchased after a HP laptop died after three years of rather heavy school use. Main selling points were 4 megs of RAM, 500 meg hard drive and the $340 price at Staples. In the six weeks between the HP dying and my purchasing of the Acer Aspire V5 I sampled a few tablets with the idea that they could adequately replace the HP, I had various issues with each of the tablets but the death knell for all of them was connectivity issues with my printer and their small RAM and hard drives. However, after dealing with this Acer for over a month I feel I would have been better off sticking with the Microsoft Surface. Yes the Acer V5 has 4 megs of RAM, unfortunately the processor takes the speed down to around 1 meg, I had a Gateway 12 years ago that was faster, in all aspects, than this Acer V5. I had to spend a three days scrubbing the bloat ware which was using 90-95% of of the CPU, after uninstalling the mountain of Acer crap it is now running with around 70% of the CPU free, from time to time, however, it starts running slow and shows that 90+% is in use and has to be restarted before it will clear its cache. On top of the memory space issues it also has trouble handling wi-fi signals, connecting isn't an issue, neither is staying connected, where it has issue lies is with the computer accepting that there is in fact internet access. Again, restarting is the only thing that resolves this issue once it starts. On top of those issues I kept getting virus warnings, straight out of the box, from McAfee and Norton both. Downloaded AVG just to make sure and AVG informs me that Windows has been installed incorrectly and is causing a false virus signal. Other issues consist of, touch pad unresponsive to tapping and the scroll is horridly placed (entire right hand edge of touch pad) for a right handed user. The SD card reader is located under the right hand side of the device, an SD card can be inserted without flipping the lap top over, extracting it however is essentially impossible. The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not. The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card. I will not be using that slot again. All in all I've found the Acer Aspire V5 to be a wonderful, if lightweight and somewhat expensive, paper weight. The chances that I will be purchasing another Acer product in the future are very slim, I didn't expect a super machine, but I did expect something faster and more reliable than a computer I had over a decade ago.