I pulled the trigger on the Envy 15 after reading every review here, as well as elsewhere online. I received the unit in perfect condition, no flaws except the screen cover was loose on one side, but it popped back in, took under 10 seconds. Initially, there were problems streaming video, but since downloading the latest bio for the envy 15 I've had no issues streaming movies. No keyboard issues (love the backlighting!), and no issues with volume fluttering, as apparently the first rollout had.My pre-purchase concerns were: should I get the 1080p,,,especially since the type would then be too small to read, and that movie streams are 720p, not 1080p (and if they are 1080p, there would likely be dropouts, as there are sometimes with 720p), and, secondly, how good is the Beats audio?Get the 1080p. Yes the type is smaller, but you can change the DPI in windows, or, Google Chrome allows you to change font size of each page, OR, you can press ctrl and use the mouse wheel to enlarge any page you are reading. Unfortunately, this magnification won't apply to applications. I use Spotify and some other audio recording applications that are now a little harder to "read", but the upside is absolutely stellar graphic displays of images and video, with seemingly perfect reds. As we know, most applications aren't designed to be "read" as much as navigated, etc. Most importantly, with 1080p, the viewing angles are nearly perfect, with no loss of image clarity even when viewed off-angle (even watching 480p or 720p). Unless you won't be watching video, the 1080p is the way to go.The Beats audio is the best internal-speaker audio I've heard in a laptop. My hobby is streaming music on MOG and Spotify, and playing/recording Audials Radiotracker. Each of these programs work just fine with Beats. The speakers are loud and very high-quality, and the Beats enhancement can be turned off (recommended if you are recording streaming music or video). Naturally, good earbuds should be used for the best audio, but there are times that's not practical, and the internal speakers are sufficient. For watching movies, the internal speakers are very good, for listening to Spotify music, the speakers are good. There is more bass on the 15 than any other laptop on the market that I am aware of, just don't expect a thumping bass from such small subs.My previous laptop was the HP dm4, with a 14" screen. The Envy is a much larger laptop, and heavier, but I wanted something larger for more realistic video streaming, and the better audio that comes with a heavier unit. The ultra-thin laptops come with fewer, smaller speakers. The only downside with the 15 is its battery and power brick. The power brick is HUGE, and the battery can't be removed. Normally with laptops I use ac power, so I take the battery out to preserve it, and to reduce the weight of the laptop on my lap. Now I've got a larger, heavier laptop, with a battery that won't come out, yikes! I'll research how to remove the battery, I'm sure it can be done.I opted for the 30-day Amazon Prime trial, and received free 2-day shipping, and free TV and movie streaming via their Instant Video service which is very nice. Dowton Abbey looks incredible in 720p. I am happy with Amazon service and selection, would buy this again. I visited my local Staples and Best Buy, before this purchase, only to find really poor selection, units with the older Intel i3 or i5, and with lousy configurations. The Amazon buyers know what they're doing.