Many people go into depth about the technical specs of computers in their reviews and for that I thank them, because it is usually infinitely helpful in the decision making process!However not everyone has had a background in technology as I have, which is well above average, but not an IT God either. So I'll just break down plain and simple what I liked (but mostly didn't about this purchase).The GOOD: - Beautiful screen. Seriously the HD graphics on this screen are just phenomenal! Gorgeous and vivid colors. Crisp and clear. I've seen very few laptop at this price range that have such a lovely display. - Screen size. I'm the kind of gal who believes bigger is better and this translates to the screen size in my electronics as well. Now this is purely personal preference and does not matter for some people, but I  always find it worthwhile to pay more for more screen real estate. Hence my bad ass Note 2 phone, giant obnoxious tablets, etc. HOWEVER-- I find that this modest 15 inch screen (for whatever reason) feels wider than it really is. Does that make sense? Not really. But hey, I didn't feel jipped for stepping down from a 17 inch screen. - Sleek design. I really like the look of this laptop. Its this gun metal charcoal color, gives the appearance of metal rather than cheap plastic, and is just modern and sexy. Very gender neutral! - Red backlit keyboard. Its one of those features where you go: "WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE?!"- Webcam is very crisp and follows movement well.THE BAD: - Ugh. Windows 8. I know some of you out there love it, but I've come to hate windows 8 almost as much as I hate Apple. Seriously. Even though its not difficult to learn, the functionality is needlessly convoluted and just plain blows.  HELPFUL TIP: Download the Poki start button, VERY cool little start button app that is organized, looks great, and has not installed bloatware to my knowledge. Infinitely helpful. - The AC adapter. God. WHY. This thing weighs more than a fat kid at a cake convention. Or Honey Boo Boo's mom. I suppose it only stands to reason that more powerful machines need a bigger brick, but in this case, bigger is NOT better. Its heavy, cumbersome, and to make matters worse the cord is ridiculously short. Which SUCKS because this thing needs to be plugged in all the time---more on that later. - Batter life-- or lack of it! Yes, no gaming laptop is going to last very long on battery, especially in gaming mode or high performance, but like many of my old boyfriends, its stamina just borders on pathetic. Even without gaming I'm lucky to get 2 hours on battery with this machine. Really. Expect 30 to 40 minutes of gaming before you have to deal with the stupid powerbrick all over again. - Bloatware. Yeah, almost every PC will have it, but I'm going to whine about it anyway. Took me a little while to scrape all this junk off. Lenovo likes to add all their little BS apps and programs on there that are useless.THE DOWNRIGHT UGLY:  - Lame gaming laptop. I was lazy and did only a cursory job of researching the specs before purchasing this laptop and relied mostly on slightly dated reviews. DON'T make my stupid mistake. While this is not a terrible gamer tool by any means, in my opinion its not worth the money. This laptop can only handle WoW (not a game that demands high performance) on Medium settings and don't even try to get it to perform well on other games. - The infamous TRACKPAD. I am GREAT with trackpads. I have friends that are married to their fancy laptop mouse and seem mystified with my near god-like skills with trackpads. That being said -- HEED THE OTHER REVIEWS ABOUT THE TRACKPAD! It really is dysfunctional, horrifically oversensitive, and even had a trackpad master like me swearing so profusely it gave me gas. There is almost no distinction between right or left click. Forget trying to zoom in or out. Oh--you didn't want to swipe to Win 8 app mode for no reason? TOO BAD. If you decide to go with this laptop, for the love of god get a mouse (which IMO defeats part of the purpose of a grab and go portable PC). - OVERHEATING. I believe part of this is due to me getting a bum device (more on that momentarily), but this thing overheats like crazy. Running a YouTube video? OVERHEAT. Browsing Facebook? OVERHEAT. Play a game? NUCLEAR MELTDOWN. I bought a decent cooling mat which helped a lot and I expect to use a cooling mat when gaming...but not when its on a flat surface and I'm barely breathe on it. - Quality issue! From what I've gleaned by talking with other lenovo laptop owners, there is a lot of inconsistency in the build quality of their products, particularly this model. Mine had issues from the start. Awful overheating. OS issues. Blue screens. Backlit keyboard going out. Games needing constant adjustments to be even halfway playable. Start up issues. OS updating issues. The list of crap goes on. Certainly a lot of these problems could be solved with some repair and maybe an OS wipe, but you SHOULDN'T HAVE TO DO THAT IN THE FIRST place. I baby my machines... this one had no reason to freak out.So there you have it. Some folks have had a great experience with this model and their advice should be considered too, but it just wasn't for me. Plain and simple.