I bought this for my birthday from Walmart a week ago (immediate gratification). Actually, this is the second one, as I returned the first for the current because it appeared to be faulty (premature determination). The reason I returned the first one is because I couldn't get it to turn on after the first time. The second unit had the same issue, but I figured out I could hold the power button down for about 10 seconds (hard restart) and it would turn on.This was unacceptable. I updated the BIOS from the Asus site and the issue was fixed. I've been going 6 days now with no problems.I bought this to replace an older Archos 101 that gave up the ghost. While researching a replacement, I had pretty much decided on a Google Nexus 10 2013, but there only rumors about whether it even existed. Then, I came across a review about the Asus T100ta. I had looked at the Surface Pro, but it cost a lot more than I was willing to spend. This is actually what I was looking for and I didn't even know it. Full Win 8.1 (as opposed to Android), keyboard, 64GB storage, microSD slot, USB 3.0...wow. And just $379. Oh, did I forget to mention Office 2013 Home and Student?Yes, it takes a while to initially charge it (mine took about 5 hours). Yes, I had to manually update the BIOS before it worked properly. Yes, the keyboard is a bit cramped. A few shortcomings, but I love it. Battery life (after it's fully charged) is like forever (well, around 10 hours). You can run any Windows program. I can even VPN into my work computer. You can really type. Screen resolution is very good (not excellent). I'm not a fan of Win8. In fact, this is my first exposure to it. However, on a touchscreen, I'm comfortable with it, after reading the tips.I am very happy I made this purchase as opposed to another Android slate. If you're of the fence about buying one, go ahead and pull the trigger.Update 11/28/13: No more fingerprints! I bought the Skinomi TechSkin - Asus Transformer Book T100 here on Amazon. It is lazer cut to fit the T100. It is a skin that mimics carbon fiber and sticks to the back of the tablet portion. It has cutouts for all the buttons, ports, speakers, and even the Asus logo. The fit is very good, but I did need to trim around a few of the ports with a utility knife (I'd recommend an X-acto knife though). This very minor surgery may not have been necessary had I been a little more careful with the application of it. I started from the middle to ensure the Asus logo was properly aligned. If you do it this way, you may want another person to help you by holding up the side you're not working on and working one side at a time.This skin makes the transformer look a lot more upscale. It doesn't collect fingerprints and improves the grip a bit.