I do purchase lots of laptops each year, as I have a nag for trying new tech.But I like to think that I am in constant search for the perfect gadget and never finding it (be it a laptop, a tablet, a phone, a remote control...)And let me tell you, I have never been torn by a product as much as I did with Vizio CT15-A1The laptop is gorgeous, the screen is amazing, and the build quality is superb. But there are some serious short comings.I had the laptop for nearly a month now, and I stil feel this love and hate realtionship. I can't make up mind wether to keep it or ditch it for another laptop. (either way, in few months, a new laptop must fill its shoes, especially with Win8 on the way)What I love about the laptop:* Looks space-age. And I don't mean like a Macbook Air does (althoug the similarities are stunning), it is the angular design of the screen lid, and above all, the grayish hue on the body.* Excellent construction, with very useful rubber bottom.* Amazing IPS full-HD matte display* Cool charger ligths (abit too bright)What I hate about the laptop:* The touchpad* The touchpad* The touchpad (yes, that much!) of all the laptops I ever used, no touchpad ever came close to the horride experience of this laptop; gestures are erratic, touch sensitivity is horrible, and above all, the touchpad always ignore any minute gesture: to stick the pointer over something small, you must first swipe hard to get the cursor moving and then quickly set the cursor where you want... an exercise in patience.* Short battery life: while doing nothing but surfing the web, I get about 4 hours.* Keyboard is not likeable, but in reality is not as bad as other users have described. and of course, it is not backlit. It would not register some keys if very lightly pressed.* Should not really be called an ultrabook, because it does not standby as other laptops do: if you simply close the lid, the laptop goes on standby, not the deep sleep mode. So in few hours, battery would have dropped by about 20%, and then it goes into hibernate. So, first you are faced with unexpeted reduction in battery, second, you have to wait for the laptop to resume from hibernation, which BTW takes longer than a full boot.* There is a 2GB hibernation partition, which is weird given the laptop has 4GB of memory, so I think it is useless and unused (which might be the cause for the behavior above)* Recovery partition is there, but there is no way to extract it on Media, and, you must boot windows in recovery mode to be able to access it. pretty useless if your main parition is corrupt (which is at times why you would like to do recovery in the first place). It is a weird decision to do this, and maybe it is justified by the fact that the hard drive is not meant to be user replacebale. Or maybe such decision reflects Vizio's inexperience in the PC business world.* Charger is standard size (which is to say big), which is a shame given how beatifully designed the laptop is, and since battery life sucks, leaving the charger behind is not something you would want to do.You can see how many shortcomings there are, and yet I cannot hate the laptop... that should be an indication how beautiful the laptop is :) Beauty is skin deep? yeah, but it got me!