This is my first experience with the Thinkpad line of Lenovo products and it is nicely made, but with a few somewhat troubling caveats. It's a bit more of a solid build than the Ideapad Yoga 2 Pro and has a much more sane screen resolution at 1920x1080 for this 12'5" screen. Much easier to deal with software that runs on the desktop with this resolution over the Yoga 2 Pro.Pros:Perfect resolution for the screen size.Nice sized touchpad.Great backlit keyboard, except for the Function key placement.Strong wifi range, which I have unfortunately found to be a rarity in most of the popular Ultrabooks lately.Charges fast. About a little over an hour to go from 6% to 100%.Cons:Battery life is not very good. In the first week of usage I have been getting closer to 4-5 hours than the 8 claimed. It goes down quite quickly with just a little bit of browsing.UPDATE (12/27): I ended up getting around 6 hours of battery life after about 10 days of usage, so not quite as bad as originally thought, but certainly not anything to write home about.The wifi on this model with the i5 and 4 gig of ram is single channel. The dual channel wifi adapter is available on the i7 model, according to what one reviewer mentioned.A bit heavy for an Ultrabook. This should be about a half pound lighter to be in line with 13" ultrabooks of the day.Function key is all the way to the left of the keyboard where you normally expect to have the Control key. Has me hitting Function+C, instead of Control+C, etc more often than I would like.UPDATE (12/27): You can swap the Function key for the Control key in the bios. It's a work around but still a compromise in my estimation because it gets a bit confusing and a handful when doing some function/F-key combinations.A little bit of oversaturation on the screen: Though I like that this is the perfect resolution for this screen size, at times I notice faces can display a bit too much saturation, especially as compared to other laptop screens I've used recently. It also has a warmer look to the whites, which makes it easier on the eyes for text, but probably adds to the overly warm/saturation effect. Not a deal breaker, but noticeable to those that care about such stuff.UPDATE(12/27): As one person that commented on this below had mentioned, you can download the Intel graphics software and tweak the gamma and contrast to probably help this out a bit (Unfortunately I never tied it myself before returning the laptop).Conclusion:Overall, one of the nicer laptops I've tried in the last 6 months, and I think I've tried almost every highly rated Ultrabook to date. However, my biggest concern is the battery life being very pedestrian, along with the added weight. Both of these things have me wondering if I will bother to keep this or not. Ultrabooks or lightweight laptops are made for the traveler and these 2 cons are not conducive to a great traveling companion.UPDATE (12/27): Because of the added half pound of weight, along with a few other niggles that bothered me, I decided to return the laptop, but I still consider it to be a good deal and a strong overall Ultrabook.If the Yoga 2 Pro had not had the over the top resolution and the yellow problem it continues to have after their supposed "fix", I would have gone with that since it has better battery life and is lighter to carry. But there just hasn't been a product yet that Lenovo has knocked out of the park for the most important things I'm looking for - wifi strength, weight, battery life, screen clarity, and sane HD screen resolution.