I had the G73JH-A1 for almost two weeks before it shutdown while playing a game. A web search for G73JH and shutdown showed it could be overheating problems. I installed desktop gadgets that monitored the CPU and GPU and tested by playing various games. While closely watching and frequently checking the GPU temperature, it was generally anywhere from the mid 90s to just over a 100 and at times would reach 107 degrees.After reading more on the web, I downloaded the FurMark benchmark utility and tried the stability test. In less than 3 minutes, the laptop reached 110 degrees and shut down. If the GPU ran hotter than a "normal" 95 degrees, but remained at a constant 100 or 101 degrees without reaching critical temperature, it might have been acceptable. Perhaps by using a cooling pad and making sure the ambient room temperature wasn't higher than 90 I could do without having to send my G73JH for service. But the fact that a gaming laptop could overheat to shutdown with GPU intensive programs meant an unstable video card.Just to make sure it wasn't the benchmark utility, I tested it on my desktop computer which has an ATI 5770. It ran at a constant 96 degrees for 15 minutes. A friend installed FurMark on her laptop with an nVidia 360m and it was stable at 85 degrees.I'm glad this happened during my first 30 days. Instead of having Asus replace the video card or entire laptop with possibly a refurbished one even though I had just purchased it new, I had Amazon issue me a RMA for an exchange. Hopefully there's one in stock when it reaches them because I really did like this laptop and am willing to give it another chance.Aside from the GPU overheating and having to deal with an exchange, there were some minor cons. I won't bother with what I liked because it's been covered by plenty of other reviews.- The screen is way too glossy, causing lots glare and reflection on the monitor.- After a week the spacebar sometimes made a squeeking noise.- Dedicated volume buttons would have been easier than having to use both hands to press two keys, the Fn + F11 or F12.- I wish the Numlock light was on the right side of the keyboard near the number keys. Instead it's on the left side of the laptop, beside the Capslock key.- On the Numberpad, the right arrow key is under the 1 and the 0 is under the 2. I'm used to pressing 0 with my thumb and have been trying to get used to the shorter 0 key.- The touchpad bar for the mouse buttons is difficult to press. I'm glad I use a separate mouse.- This laptop is so big it doesn't fit in my old 17" laptop case. Asus provides a decent backpack but it's on the thin side and won't hold more than one or two textbooks. Be careful and make sure you buy a laptop case or backpack large enough.4-stars if the laptop didn't overheat but 3-stars because of the lemon. If Amazon is able to send another for an exchange I'll update this review again when I receive the replacement.Update July 9, 2010: Received my exchange today. I have to really commend Amazon's return service. It was very easy to request an RMA and they even refunded me the shipping costs for sending it back to them!After initial setup, the first thing I did was install Furmark and then I held my breath. I can let out a sigh of relief. After 5 minutes it was at 90 degrees, and after 20 minutes this new G73JH-A1 was running at 93 degrees. It might have hit 94 or even 95 but I think 20 minutes was enough to confirm it's stability.A couple of other things about this laptop:- The included mouse's buttons are very sensitive. My fingers sometimes press a top or side button when I pick it up to move the cursor. Will take a little getting used to since the buttons are so delicate.- I wish Asus had included recovery discs with this laptop. Perhaps it was a cost cutting measure. After all, this is a $1650 laptop that other companies would easily charge $2100 or more. Regardless, I don't mind because if I uninstall the bloatware and run Windows Update, I can have bloat-free updated recovery discs.Despite all the nitpicking, this is an incredible gaming laptop. Quad-core CPU for future programs and games, 8 gigs of RAM, Blu-Ray player, and one of the best laptop video card currently available, the ATI mobility 5870.