I love the MacBook! You're instantly greeted by glorious full screen brightness. The LED-backlit display is power efficient. And it's mercury and arsenic free. I like the smaller, lighter frame, compared to any PC.  Measuring a mere 1.08 inches thin and weighing in at only 5.0 pounds. It also offers a unique keyboard design that sits flush against the bed for a sleeker, lower profile. Other standard Apple "extras" includes a built-in iSight video camera. Stylishly and intelligently designed, the MacBook has everything I am looking for: affordability, innovation, powerful computing. My MacBook has a 2.13 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor with a 160 GB hard drive, plenty of room for music, photos, videos, and more. Hardware features include a built-in Gigabit Ethernet for high-speed networking, Bluetooth 2.1+EDR (Enhanced Data Rate), two USB ports, FireWire, and Mini-DVI video output. Apple has an updated model (10/09) with a 250 GB hard drive. I do not need the extra memory, amazingly, the newer model, does not have a FireWire port.I like Apple's magnetically connected MagSafe power adapter. This feature offers a magnetic connection instead of a physical one.  If you to trip over a power cord, you won't send MacBook flying off a table or desk, the cord simply disconnects, without damage to either the cord or the system. The adapter is easy to connect and disconnect without having to struggle with the connector. Opening and closing your MacBook is also a pleasure, thanks to a magnetic latch, there are no moving parts to snag, jam, or break. Again, I do not have to struggle with some PC toggle switch to open my MAC.The 160 GB Serial-ATA (SATA) hard drive (5400 RPM) high speed transfer of data, akin to FireWire and USB 2.0. The 2 GB of DDR2 RAM (two SO-DIMMs of 512 MB) have an 800 MHz speed, and the RAM capacity can be increased to 4 GB. The 13.3 inch glossy widescreen display, excellent video processing power from the NVIDIA GeForce 9400M integrated graphics chip, and an integrated 802.11n Wi-Fi LAN, provides compatibility with older 802.11b/g routers. It includes an 8x combo Superdrive for burning dual-layer DVDs as well as CDs. It comes pre-loaded with Apple's Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard operating system, the iLife '09 suite of applications, including iPhoto, iMovie, Garageband, and iTunes.Battery lasts  between 5 and 6 hours. The hafnium-infused circuitry--which reduces electrical current leakage in transistors conserves even more energy, giving you more time away from the wall outlet. Apple has worked hard to eliminate many of the toxins that are a common part of computer manufacturing. Apple engineers removed the majority of brominated flame retardants (BFRs) and polyvinyl chloride (PVC) from circuit boards, internal cables, connectors, insulators, adhesives, in the MacBook.Because Apple makes both the hardware and the software for the MacBook, they're designed to work together to produce a smarter product that uses less electricity. The MacBook hard drive spins down automatically when inactive. The MacBook also decides which processor CPU or GPU is best suited to efficiently perform a task. The processor even throttles down to save power between keystrokes as you type. Together, these adjustments make the MacBook much more energy efficient and result in fewer CO2 emissions.Made in America by Americans. I have gone through four different PCs using Microsoft operating systems in four years.  Microsoft makes a bad product, cheaply and poorly designed made in Asia.  The Asian hard drives constantly failed and crashed.  Programs were slow to load and constantly crashed.  The MAC is fanatstic. The superior Apple product is well designed, efficient and dependable. The Apple MacBook MC240LL/A 13.3-Inch Laptop is the best that I have owned! I thoroughly endorse and recommend Apple products to anyone.