First off, this laptop is a wonderful beast. If you've looked at the specs, it should be obvious it is a phenomenal product on the inside plus a very desirable 1920x1080 super-bright display, extremely loud speaker system, back-lit keyboard, backward-facing exhaust vents (this was a huge bonus for me), etc.I'm still very in love with this thing because it offers all the feature and more than I was hoping I could find in a single laptop. In fact, it doesn't seem there's any other laptop on the market with equivalent specs. The speed, power, and useability make this a dream machine.All that said, I've been sorely disappointed with some persistent hardware malfunctioning. The wifi adapter very frequently drops its connection for no apparent reason whatsoever. By "very frequently" I mean I normally can retain a connection for up to 5-10 minutes before it disconnects for about 30 seconds then reconnects. All other devices on my LAN have no connectivity problems, so I know it's just the laptop. I also tried using the ethernet adapter to mitigate this issue, but the odd thing is the same thing happens with that. This might not be a noticeable problem to some, but I imagine it would be an annoyance to most, especially since this is a gaming notebook. (I have never done any gaming on it, however. I often use it for work which involves using persistent SSH connections to remote servers all day and night.)The other hardware problem is that the trackpad horribly malfunctions. At first it just started moving the mouse in strange places or zooming in/out unexpectedly or clicking when I'm trying to just move the cursor or by not moving at all. Then after a while, the trackpad and its buttons just stopped working altogether. I mean they were completely nonfunctional.I love the machine a lot despite the connectivity issue, and so much so that I even purchased a USB wifi adapter to use on the laptop. But those things are pretty flaky as well and once the trackpad was busted, I considered returning the thing, however I was well beyond Amazon's return policy would allow.I started an RMA with Asus via their website. I just had to provide the serial number, purchase date information, etc. and a tech support person emailed me to troubleshoot. When installing all the firmware updates he recommended didn't make a lick of difference, they had me ship it via FedEx to their repair center (on their dime, of course).I received it back under a week later with only a strange single sheet of paper inside the box. It lists a bunch of checkboxes for possible repairs they could have made and only "Replaced LCD Monitor" was checked. How odd. I didn't know how replacing the monitor could fix the ethernet adapter, wifi adapter, and trackpad, but I cracked the thing open and gave it a whirl. To my surprise, all seemed keen... for a little while.I was a happy camper. I had the perfect laptop I knew this bad boy could be. I left some SSH connections open as a test for over 48 hours and they never disconnected. Using the trackpad is always accurate.Now here I sit 2 months later and all the same problems have returned. I phoned their tech support line and they opened a new RMA for me and I'll be sending it back in for in-depth repairs tomorrow. I'm hoping for a better, more permanent outcome this go-'round. Will update this review with any new info I have.As an aside, I'm not sure why people have had given so many horrible reviews of Asus' tech support. I've dealt with them via email and over the phone and I've never had any problems with them. They seem to be pretty responsive to me.Oct 24, 2011 UPDATE: ===========================To update the status of my laptop, I sent it in the second time and they replaced the wifi board and the trackpad. Upon starting to use it, the wifi disconnection problem was worse than ever, dropping my connection every 2 minutes. Plus, the trackpad they put in had a broken left mouse button that made no physical click and you'd have to pound to make it execute a click.I sent it back in for the third time about a week later. I received it back from this 3rd RMA about 10 days later. This time they replaced the hard drive, wifi board, trackpad, and LCD panel. I didn't have much time to test my wifi connection because soon as I turned it on, I realized they must've put the wrong LCD panel on because I could not achieve my previous maximum resolution of 1920x1080.The very same day I received it, I spent about a few hours updating Windows and all the drivers and another hour on the phone with tech support starting my 4th RMA. I sent it out the following morning and am still waiting on getting it back for the fourth time...This just isn't right. At the very least, one tech support fellow informed that if I return it one or two more times for the same issue, they will send it back to headquarters and give me a new one... So, now I'm hoping it will continue not working for me.It's an incredible machine and it's far superior to any laptop I've ever used or owned in every regard, except for these manufacturer defects that seemingly can't be resolved.