The version I got of this laptop is the 1,200$ one with SLI, 1920x1080 resolution screen, 1TB HDD, 8GB.There is nothing I find that I don't like about this laptop besides the fact that Lenovo and Microsoft tend to pre-install useless apps that unnecessarily takes up too much space (summarizes what Windows 8.1 really is).DESIGN sleek design (compared to most regular laptops, let alone gaming laptops). I really like the nice brushed aluminum look that makes it appear simplistic while elegant. Nothing flashy like most other gaming laptops which tend to go overboard on the design. The tic tac keyboard feels nice and responsive when I type,HARDWARE. I find that the SLI configuration does its job at playing most games on Ultra or at least High settings with Vsync, Anti-Aliasing and Ambient Occlusion all the way. I've used FRAPs to capture the framerate and on power hungry games like Battlefield 4, it surprisingly does well, staying around at least 45 fps on High settings. The only drawbacks of having SLI though is that there is very noticeable microstuttering(flicking/flashing graphics during movement) that happens on some games and it is common problem among many SLI setups. Playing with a SLI set up is also more unstable than normal, where certain times, part of the graphics on screen would glitch and malfunction but when SLI is disabled, it goes back to normal. But that is the developers end to fix that. Besides that, I would recommend to get the SLI if you really want to play games on this, otherwise, you are stuck with playing on Medium graphics settings.The hard drive on this laptop is horrendously slow. Its only 5400 RPM compared to the normal 7200 RPM HDD. and even then I still considered that as slow. So if you want really anything to load up, read, transfer instantaneously, I recommend you buy a SSD and swap out the HD. I swapped mine for a 500GB Samsung 840 EVO and computing was never the same for me. Boot time for this computer is around 4 seconds compare to 20 seconds, loading Photoshop took 1.5 seconds compared to 10 seconds. Another part I swapped out was the RAM, for a new Corsair 16GB RAM to handle more multitasking. During the installation of these parts, removing the bottom cover of the laptop was really easy, simply remove the battery first, unscrew all the screws and gently pry the cover off and pop in whatever parts you want.Overall I was generaly pleased with the performance,  stability and design that this laptop offer. Most of the promises of this laptop came through and certain ones exceeded my expectation. Priced at around 1,200, I would say it is worth the money. If you choose to upgrade it with a SSD, the total cost of the laptop and SSD combined would be only a fraction of what the overpriced MacbookPro would be while surpassing it with twice the performance and capability. While being powerful to game with, compact to bring around from place to place, and versatile enough to handle all kinds of work put out for it, the Y510p is the best laptop I've ever bought and being a computer science student, I would really recommend it to anyone out looking to buy a monster of a laptop.