This is my first HP laptop.I had to drive to another city to pick this up as my local Walmart didn't have it.The only thing I forgot to look for was a DVD drive and this doesn't have one. I found that out 2 days later. I will buy an external DVD drive from TigerDirect.I bought this laptop to take with me on the Missions filed to Natal Brazil.I needed a webcam to do Skype, I needed it to do remote access when I fix my customers PC back in US, I needed it for web design, I will use it for photo & video editing, I always buy quadcores or higher, and I always buy 8GB of RAM or higher, I always buy AMD processors because they are cheaper and just as good if not better than Intel. I've had an Intel i7 in the past and it was junk compared to the AMD Phenom II that I have now in my desktop.The laptop Processor speed ranges from 1.43Ghz to 3.10Ghz when maxing out.The laptop responds very well to speed and the touchscreen. It hasn't freeze up any or gotten slow. Took me about 10 hours to set it up because I had to remove all the bloatware that comes with it, then I upgraded all Windows updates and then installed Win8.1 and a few more updates. Then I updated all the old drivers which was 20 of them and 3 are bad. Then I installed all my software's and files and ran a tuneup cleaner on it and defrag the hard drive.The webcam quality is very low but I can easily fix it with a usb webcam which I probably won't do. The mic is fine.I also installed Steam and I can play all my games like Metro, Skyrim, Elder Scroll Oblivion, Dead Island, and many more. I haven't tested Elder Scroll Online yet but should play fine since I can already play my Steam games.BeatsAudio is amazing way to listen to music through Logitech Gaming headset. I didn't know BeatsAudio was on it until I opened the laptop up.My Laptop fully boots up in 20 seconds and shuts down within 10 seconds because of the tweaks that I did to it. The 4 USB 3.0 is awesome. I can transfer 10GB of data in 5min and on 2.0 it was taking me 25min.This laptop can keep up with my Dell XPS gaming desktop PC that I have.My antiviurs softwares are Comodo & Malwarebytes Pro.I have TuneUp Utilities 2013 to keep it fast.This laptop has performed well at everything that I have thrown at it.I just hope that I do not have any hardware failure while in Brazil.My touchscreen stopped working so I let HP tech support remote access to see how well they performed. The HP tech said that I had a hard drive failure and that I need to send in the laptop for repairs. I was only missing the driver and the tech would not give it to me nor did HP have it on their website. So I reinstalled Windows and my touchscreen is working great now. HP tech could not fix it.The problem is when I updated the these drivers:Standard Enhanced PCI to USB Host ControllerUSB Input DeviceAs it prevents my touchscreen from functioning. So do not update those drivers or the Validity Fingerprint Sensor Driver. Doing the fingerprint update will cause the fingerprint scanner not to work correctly.So the HP laptop is awesome and HP tech support sucks.