First let me say that I have spent the vast majority of my professional life working on PCs, mostly Dells.  I also bought Dell PCs for my home and have been through 3 or 4 at this point.  I've had Windows 95, Windows Millenium, and Windows XP.  Last year, when my last Dell appeared to outlive its usefulness at about 4 1/2 years, having slowed down to a crawl and almost coming to a stop thanks to McAfee antivirus protection, I decided it was time for my next computer.  So I started doing my typical exhaustive research.  At that time, Windows Vista had the market and I heard nothing but negative things about it.  At the same time, I'd noticed that one by one, most of my friends had switched to Mac.  So I finally decided to do that, too.  Bought an iMac 24" and have never been a happier camper on the computer. Love, love, love it.This spring, anticipating some work travel coming up and also foot surgery in the summer that will keep me at home, mostly on the couch, for a good 12 weeks, I decided it was time for a portable something.  Friends showed me their Asus Netbooks, and I was intrigued.  Checked it out and thought I'd get one.  Even though they were Windows-based.  But I liked the long battery life.  Then I got enticed by the MacBook Air, but decided that as sexy and light at it is, it was too expensive for what you got and the battery life was awful.  Next I was looking at the Asus "Thin and Light" models, which looked like a good compromise.  Long battery life, lightweight, and several hundred dollars cheaper than the MacBook Pro 13" which I also looked at.  What to do, what to do.  Well, after reading what seemed like hundreds of customer reviews not only for the computers but for Windows 7, I finally realized that I really and truly wanted the Mac.  The Windows users were grousing a lot.  The Mac users just loved their computers.  Getting my tax refund check in the mail the morning I was going to make a purchase clinched the deal. I bought the 13" MacBook Pro.I received it this weekend, along with an Airport Express router, set it all up with little difficulty, and was happily -- very happily -- playing with my new MBP yesterday.  I couldn't be happier.  The computer is a joy to look at and work on.  The display is clear, sharp, and beautiful.  The keyboard is very comfortable, even typing on my lap.  I just adore the trackpad, even though I'm still getting used to all the finger movements.  It found the internet and my network printer in a snap.The only thing that didn't work well with copying files from my iMac with Migration Assistant.  I probably did something wrong and will have to call Apple Support to figure it out, but all my files got dumped into one directory that I have trouble finding.  I assumed the photos would go to iPhoto, the music to iTunes, and the Word docs to Word.  But noooooooo!  Hopefully, my friends at Apple Care will help me out -- they were wonderful when I was trying to set up my network printer.So I'm happy.  Very happy.  My husband's happy, too, since I won't be kicking him off the iMac that much anymore, and we can both play on the web at the same time.  There's nothing much to watch on TV anyway!Edit:  I noticed that the MacBook Pro is no longer available directly from Amazon and delivered free by Prime.  What happened?  This is just a scant week after I bought it.  Also, the printer I bought, the Canon PIXMA 560 is also no longer available through Prime, even though that's how I bought it less than a week ago.  What gives?Edit 2:  So, I see this is back to being available directly from Amazon and shipped free with Prime.  How weird!