I just got my MacBook Air 11" on the second day it was launched, although I was not aware Amazon carries the same product, I went to Apple Store to purchase mine.First of all, the 2nd generation Air is as slim as the previous one, and with the addition of new 11" model, it takes the slimness to next level. You will be stunned by just looking at its profile in person.Secondly, the biggest differences you will notice at once are the screen is very crisp, even at the 11" model I bought, it can view significant size of the web pages and documents with no problem at all; also it got two USB slots, thanks Apple, they finally get it right; 13" weights as identical as the previous one, but 11" is less about half pound, not that much on the paper but you will immediately notice it when you actually hold it yourself.Thirdly, speed of processor, to be honest and frank, since I have been using two generations of Macbook Pro, I was initially worried about the actual speed of the 1.4GHz of Intel chip. But after few days of using it, I have to admit it feels much faster than the old Macbook with 2.16GHz processor. I can open tons of web pages, iLife '11 and Office applications without any problem. Latest OSX Snow Leopard definitely helps a lot. But I doubt if anyone will use it for heavy processing work, i.e. video editing, music composing or lots of calculation, I don't think you shall get this one as your main computer though.Fourthly, the SSD storage, since there are no moving parts, the laptop is very silent and cool, the reading of documents is fast, but not noticeable except using testing software. But booting up and waking up time are significant faster than the Hard-drive models.Last but not the least, the battery lasts just what apple promises, with wifi on, surfing web, watching youtude, listening music and doing some Words editing can give you about 4 hours life. Consider the size of the laptop, it is more than just OK. Of course everyone is greedy, if you need longer battery life, go for 13". And to me personally, although the Macbook Pro 13" can last about 2 hours longer when doing the same tasks (with screen set at really low bright), I still feel more satisfied with Air 11" performance than the Macbook Pro 13", as Macbook Pro never gave me 10 hours as Apple claims.In conclusion, the Second Generation of Macbook Air is not an overpriced Netbook for the hype, it is a true slim yet powerful laptop that you can actually carry with ease for daily work and entertainment without sacrifice too much for the speed. Steve Jobs once again stuns the market with this renovated master-piece, and with very attractive pricing. For this highly competitive pricing, the other slim laptop manufactures are going to have a tough time.Be aware, DELL, ACER, TOSHIBA and SONY, APPLE is coming with an ultimate weapon at hand. Get ready, It is going to be a very tough fight!!!FINAL WORD: GO FOR IT IF YOU CAN, YOU WILL BE A HAPPY MAN/WOMAN WITH THIS BABE IN YOUR HAND!!!