This laptop here the HP Pavillion Sleekbook is a rather interesting one. On the left side of it it has a usb 2.0 port and a jack in for headphones. On the right it has 2 usb 3.0 ports, a SD card reader, the charger port for your laptop, an ethernet port and a HDMI output meaning you can project the screen of your laptop into stuff like an HDMI Television. But for those who thought they could use the HDMI on the side to hook and play their games like a ps3 or xbox, sorry I tried and it will not work like that, you will need to still buy a capture card for type of thing. It also does not come with a DVD/CD writer/driver so you would need to order a portable one like for example a Samsung portable DVD drive. Also it has a built in mic and a webcam so that is also a plus.This laptop comes with the AMD A8 quad core processor and with what I experienced so far it does a pretty good job with page loading, handling different programs at once and the like. It's video card is the AMD Raedon HD 7600G so its also at a pretty decent quality as well.  The battery life averages at about 3 to 3 and a half hours give or take while watching a movie or two. Can't say much more on that since I only tested on default energy settings unplugged and not it's power saver or high performance settings.Pros:It's able to handle multiple processes.Good ventilation so the processors dont get as hot.Is able to handle MMO's like Phantasy Star Online 2 with pretty good quality. I tested with level 4 graphics with 60fps and it does a pretty good job.Good sound quality, it gets really loud at 40 with headphones on so I don't see any need to turn it all the way up.The performance mostly based on optimizing from hardware rather than software. With the specs on this Windows 8 does seem to fare really decently from it.Cons:One of them would have to be the material casing. Feels like its cheap as when your opening up the laptop the screen feels like it could come apart from the hinges.Another one would have to be the touchpad for this. This may not be commonplace but as far as I experienced it would lock up at a random interval and would either go to the Metro UI start menu or just flat out redirect me to the Metro UI itself and would have to set it back to the desktop UI.The lack of a DVD/CD may be off putting for some. But if your able to shell out a few more for a portable usb one or are no longer interested in the medium it wont be that problematic for you.The Metro UI itself. Since this laptop is not a touch screen type you might not want to deal with it as much. And while yes there are ways to disable the Metro UI like the classic shell or the Skip Metro Suite, it does not really make it stop it completely. Like I said in a previous statement, its possible that while you set it to disable the features of the Metro UI the touchpad itself may glitch out on you and you either find yourself starting up one of the window 8 apps or are brought back to it's default interface. Small annoyance but nothing that offsetting.Overall it's a pretty decent laptop despite the small nuisances.