I brought this convertible tablet over Samsung ATIV, and Asus Vivotab, and Acer's w510, and other i3/i5 core tablets.Why I picked an Atom processor device:Here is how I picked this device. I want a mobile device, so battery life is a key. The i3/i5/i7 tablets are somewhat short in battery life except Acer's Iconia W700. Even for Iconia, the i3/i5 processor is an overkill since I am not going to play Crysis nor any other graphic intensive game on a 11 inch screen. Honestly, Microsoft Surface tablet has feature I ever wanted in a mobile device, but the battery life killed the deal. If Microsoft can get Surface Pro to about 6-7 hour battery life, I will buy it in a heartbeat. There is a lot of potential for future surface pro models.  ARM processor  offers great battery life and comparable performance over Intel Atom, but having a real version of windows 8 instead of RT means I have a lot more choices over software. If in the future RT becomes more widely adopted, I will definitely consider switching.Here is why I picked Envy x2:Having a keyboard that can be easily integrated with the tablet is very important to me since I don't need this to be in tablet all the time. Having a keyboard would means I don't need to carry a second laptop with me if I do decide to work in Word or type anything more than few sentences.Advantage of Envy x2 over Asus vivotab ME400 is this one got a nice keyboard. The origami folded style stand with a detached keyboard seems like very troublesome to type anything serious unless you always have a flat surface like a table, and definitely not idea if you ever type on your lap. As far as Acer W510 goes, the tablet looks wonderful and it was very light weight, but the clamshell keyboard makes it look like a kid's toy. Acer's W700 seems like an idea candidate, but then again lack a good attachable keyboard is a problem. I really had a difficult time choosing between the Samsung ATIV, Lenovo Tab 2, and this. I didn't choose Lenovo due to the price difference and again lack of a good keyboard dock. ATIV has a stylus which I would like to have, but the exterior plastic just doesn't fit my taste.Review of Envy x2:The body is made of aluminum, which looks absolutely gorgeous. It has a nice keyboard dock with additional battery which is also very surprising good for typing. There is no problem at all for working in Microsoft Word. Battery life is very good, with mixed combination of Microsoft Word, Surfing the Web, watching Netflix, I get about 12 hours with the keyboard dock.Microsoft windows 8 works great on this device. The interface is fluid and responsive. Hardly noticed any lag if at all despite this machine runs on Atom processor.However, this device is not very easy on the hand when holding for a long period of time with just one hand grabbing by the edge. It is better with holding by using both hand or grab the center. It would easier to hold if there is a good case for it. So far, I haven't see any case on sell for this device at all.Pro:Good battery lifeNice finishing aluminum finishingKeyboard dock and can convert into a laptop.Surprising good speed (I was initially worried about the atom processor)Real Windows 8Con:No active stylus (I am hearing rumors Envy x2 supposes to come with one, but after going over multiple forum and website, that seems not to be true)Keyboard dock fits somewhat looselyHonestly, even at 1.5 lb, this tablet is hard to hold in one hand due to it's length.This device is not good for you if:You primarily need a tablet and don't need to type much. Get a lighter weight 10 inch tablet instead. Your hands and fingers will thank you. I would personally recommend Lenovo's Tab 2 (light weight, easy to hold, also stylus)If you need an active stylus, get Samsung ATIV if you need to type or Lenovo tab 2 if you not into typing.If you are planning to use this as your only computer.Conclusion:Good laptop/tablet for people who needs mobility. Overall very stylish looking device with nice metal finishing. Good productivities value with nice keyboard. Good for using as a laptop most of the time with occasional need as a tablet.