Think about it.  Lightning fast processor in a computer that does 95% of what I use a computer for.  There is ONE Windows only program that I have to use for work, so I still have to have a Windows machine around for that.  I use my Mac at home for photo editing but I'm experimenting with the web based solutions in Chrome, which get better and better each day.I have a 27" IPS monitor for my Mac Mini with a DVI input (Mac) and an HDMI input (Chromebook).  I connect the Chromebook with the HDMI, I connect a bluetooth mouse and keyboard, shut the lid on the Chromebook (that automatically puts it into "docking" mode, so it runs with the cover closed.  Cover closed shuts off the built in screen, so the battery life more than doubles- no need to plug it in when I dock), I tuck the Chromebook away alongside the monitor, and I have a complete desktop computer system that takes up little space on my desk. And no slouch.  The graphics are identical to that which my i7 Mac Mini puts out (1920 x 1080).  1080p YouTube videos no issue.  1080p videos play back from an SD card, no problem.  Haswell processor is lightning fast- instant response.  Web pages load and open faster than on the Mini (ad block pro extension is key).  The audio can play through the monitor via HDMI (if it has speakers, mine does not) or through the Chromebook's speakers.  The Chromebook's speakers are outstanding for a laptop, the best I have heard on a laptop ANYWHERE CLOSE to this price point.  Speakers fire both downwards against the desk surface, and also up through the keyboard.  You can not tell where the sound is coming from, it just sounds great.So, $199 for Chromebook, $275 (or less) for a monitor, $50 for keyboard and mouse, around $500 for a top line, lightning fast desktop replacement.  Add a USB3 external drive or USB3 stick and I have local storage, though the Chromebook comes with 2 years of Google Drive storage.  Now, when I leave the house, I grab the Chromebook and take it with me.  Small, very light, packed inside my $9 Amazon Basics neoprene sleeve.Best of all, since it's Google connected, if you enable Google Sync, if you need to wipe it clean and start fresh (aka, Powerwash), as soon as you log in to your Google account, all of your apps, desktop, configurations etc automatically and practically instantly download, so your machine is back where you had it.  Nothing to re-install, nothing to re-configure, etc.  If your files are stored at Google Drive or Dropbox, they all automatically show back up, nothing was lost.  This is the future of computing.  Resistance is futile.Here are the two bummers:1.  I can not figure out how to get IMAP mail working on it.  My Android phone and tablet (with limited local storage) have IMAP mail, why not my Chromebook?  I use IMAP for work e-mail and Gmail.  It could be configured to only download the most recent emails to not take up space on the SSD.  Choose to save certain messages and attachments locally, etc. that I may need later or offline.  I need a standalone IMAP client for it, or the Gmail offline client needs to include IMAP. If I had that, I could almost get rid of my Mac.2.  The built-in screen's resolution could be better.  I am spoiled by my 27" IPS screen, I want that contrast and brightness on my Chromebook as well. Yes, I can spend more on a "better" Chromebook and get a better screen, I know.Here's a Top Tip for people who already own a Chromebook or are buying one.  This unit comes with 2GB of RAM which is fine, but if you open a lot of webpages or watch huge videos it might bog a little.  Chrome OS runs on Linux, and in Linux there's something called zRam.  zRam creates a RAM swap file on your hard drive, 1.5 times the size of your physical RAM.  Since the hard drive in the Chromebook is an SSD, data moves between RAM and that swapfile instantly.  Once you enable zRam, it will add a 3GB RAM swap file on your SSD, so now your 2GB RAM Chromebook effectively has 5GB of RAM, instantly and for free.  It is a persistent change- it stays there even after you reboot.Here's how:1.  Hit ctrl-alt-T, a browser window opens with a message about Crosh, the Chrome OS developer shell, followed by a command prompt ("crosh>")2.  Type "swap enable" (no quotes) and hit enter.  Crosh confirms that you've created a swap file that will be active when you re-boot.3.  Re-boot, and enjoy your free RAM upgrade.  w00t.