I am by no means a Tech savvy type of guy, But this Lenovo Yoga is by FAR my most favorite laptop to date.PRICE: Although a bit pricey, I did my research and found that consumers report and PC Review thought highly of this model so I decided to dump the extra cash for the SSID hard drive that comes installed on this model, the additional RAM and faster processor - when all was said and done I paid roughly $1300 approx. 9 months ago for this model.EASE of USE: This model is a touch screen laptop and has windows 8 installed. Once again, not a very tech savvy type of guy, but my learning curve was pretty short and I found using the operating system to be pretty fun and simple. I like the live tiles and the ability to switch to a "normal" desktop mode that I've grown use to on older operating systems.WEIGHT & SPEED: From boot-up to getting online to pulling up previously worked on documents, I'm pleasantly surprised with how fast I can get right back in to the swing of things after hitting the power button. I travel extensively overseas and toting this around is truly non-fatiguing what-so-ever. 13.3 inch is a perfect size in my opinion for a travel laptop. my hands don't feel all scrunched together as I type, it's comfortable in my hand when I use it in a tablet mode and it's great to watch movies on:-)DISLAY & SOUND: the display is brilliant and movies, photos and charts really seem to come to life on its screen. The sound is certainly adequate and the ability to connect it either by the headphone jack or by Bluetooth really adds to its limitless configurations for listening to anything from youtube videos, to music to watching your favorite movies.TOUCHSCREEN: The screen has been VERY responsive to my touch and sometimes it reminds me of a very large smartphone in the way I can swipe or pinch or drag and drop and just completely interact with whatever task I have up on screen.  I guess it just goes to show that an "old Dog" truly can learn some new tricks:-)BATTERY LIFE: I can get approximately 5 hours of life from it, and that's with medium usage (I.E. watching a movie, playing a game or two, surfing the internet and working on Microsoft office based programs). It would be nice if I could get closer to 6-7 or even 8 hours out of it, but, I suppose 5 hours is a happy median.PORTS: It only has two USB ports; a 2.0 port and 3.0 port. This seems to be a bit minimal. I think three would have been MUCH better, but for me it was not a showstopper. Because of how thin it is there is no onboard DVD drive, once again, not a showstopper and it does have an HDMI port and media card port.Well, that's about it. I am most definitely a satisfied buyer and owner, love Lenovo and look forward to many years of excellent service from this device.