My work bought me this, then few years later, I took the plunge to buy this, after selling my Macbook Pro 17.Well, this is the cheaper one, because I bought it on my own. The work laptop was maxed out and costed around $6k.Yes, Win 8 makes no sense. Yes, you need to adjust a lot, and will be frustrated. And yes, you want to get Win 7.BUT! For 2 years I had my old Alienware m18x, I was very pleased. I mean, it's worth the money. The built quality is amazing on this machine, unlike MSI or ASUS, or any other cheaply made machines out there.Everything is perfect, and not annoying. That itself is why I purchased this, even though at the price range, you can get something else with more power, and more glitter. But the thing is, you have to deal with crappy customer service, lack of support for upgrades, and just general frustration of not getting anythign done right. Don't get me wrong, Dell is ridiculous sometimes, if you get somebody who's ridiculous, but most of the times, it's ok.Also, the laptop does everything. This laptop can hold 3 ssd's, 2x GPU, you can upgrade this thing for the next 5 years and still won't be obsolete, and on top of that, if you want to, you can hit someone over the head with it, and it might kill 'em. AND still work afterwards.The heat isn't bad at all, as long as you get it on the flat surface, and everything runs smoothly. EVEN on WIN 8~!The 16gb ram underneath the keyboard is PIA to install, but worth it (you have to take the back out, then take the keyboard out to install the ram), but adding 3 ssd on your laptop is just satisfying.You can hit Windows Experience Index of 9.9 out of 7.9 with this LAPTOP. And people complain about carrying this, because it's too heavy, well, I carried it with me for two years, and never had problems.When you do get this, make sure to delete McAfee first. Not many bloat wear comes with it.Also, you need to do your 100+ updates before you can install win 8.1, if it doesn't already come with it. As well as your graphics driver, and processor updates. I think your Sound Blaster Recon3Di also needs upgrade.Google: Pokki (acts as Start with menu), and Speccy (temp monitor) and install both.Few things:1. If you connect via HDMI out, then the sound will be up to the monitor, because it's HDMI out with sound - ordered CA sub and speakers2. The webcam on top of the monitor is pretty crappy resolution.3. This is the most comfortable, and solid laptop you'll ever type from.4. Win 8 isn't that bad, once you know how to use it. I'm actually liking it a lot, although I have no idea why I have apps, when I can use web browser for most of the apps services for better.5. Win 8 app store doesn't have Pandora... which doesn't matter because you have it on your browser... which reinforces the whole, why do we have apps? Can I use that for Ubuntu or iOS Lion, so I can switch back and forth?6. You're going to hate Win 8. But just treat all apps like apps on your phone, and you won't go insane.7. Keyboard is excellent, no matter what other people says8. The mousepad is excellent, no matter what other people say - you just have to set it up right9. Windows Experience Index always is based on lowest scores10. I'm on PC mode, so after you set yourself up, find this option under User Permission.I was thinking about getting an MSI, but, I know that their lines overheat, because it's just not possible for such a thin and light laptop with that much power to keep cool in that much space. I mean, they sound great on paper, but all the crap I don't have to deal with Alienware is what got me to purchase this.Dell support is pretty good. They have PC Doctor to diagnose my laptop online, and AlienAutopsy is great way to update or diagnose problems with the laptop with schedule maintenance, like a car.BTW, lastly, although onboard Raid on here, it doesn't support Raid 5 or 10 (4hd).Congrats. You can sell this 3 years from now for some money, unlike MSI or Asus or any other laptops.  Very solidly built, like it should be a monument.