I am no stranger to laptops, this is my 6th. I've owned Dell, Toshiba and Asus laptops, this is my first HP. It is replacing my Toshiba x205-s9349 which at 3 1/2 years old has become sluggish and a couple of times shut off by itself signaling the end might be near. I spend all day (and night) on my laptop and use it for surfing, photography, watching streaming movies, updating my iPod and iPhone and watching Blu-ray movies. I also use it to watch streaming live events on ESPN3  such as ALMS racing and college football which on my old laptop I connected to my TV via 25FT HDMI TO HDMI Cable. After checking reviews and features, I found this model had great reviews and most of the features I wanted. It also was a few hundred dollars less then other computers with the same features (6gb ram, 750gb hd, Blu-ray reader, 17" display, HDMI out, 802.11n, Bluetooth). The only thing I was weary of was the Windows 7 64bit OS and running older programs. To date, I have had no issues and Windows 7 is similar to Vista, so not hard to figure out.ProsBlazing fast, high end processorHigh end graphics with excellent LED screenBlu-ray player17"Aluminum casingLong battery lifePriceFinger scannerConsNo Firewire or any type of expansion card slot to add itThe converter part on the power cord gets pretty hotNeutralSound, even though it has the Dr Dre Beats Audio, it still sounds about the same as my old Toshibia (although that system also had a highly touted Harman Kardon speaker/subwoofer system). Obviously sound is limited to the small size/speakers limitation of laptops.HP Laptop reliability reputation. There was a report out a couple years back showing HP to have the worse reliability, in the upper 20% after 3 years. It was also noted that it makes the most laptops and that the smaller laptop makers, like Toshibia, had lower failure rates. To me, that study sounds flawed in that if there are so many more HP laptops, many more are going to need repair so I am not sure about the methodology of the study or if HP quality (or anyone else's) has changed since its been out.UPDATE: I have had the computer for 9 months. 2 problems arose and were quickly fixed by HP. First, the A/C adapter stopped working. They shipped one no charge. For some reason Fed Ex shipped the part from SC to Atlanta and instead of going to the local distribution center here in metro Atlanta, it was sent to TX. So that delayed the part, not HP's fault though. I did not have to send the bad part back.The second thing that happened, according to the H.P. Support Assistance software and third party S.M.A.R.T. software, I had some bad sectors on my hard drive, the kind that a Windows scan and fix can't help. So I contacted support, gave them the error code. They told me I needed a new hard drive and would have a supervisor call within 2 business days. The supervisor called the next day, Friday. He told me I would ship it out and I had 15 days to ship the bad one back. They take your credit card number and will charge it if they don't get the broken part back in the time allowed. It was stressed that if I sent it back after 15 days, they still won't refund the money. I got the feeling if I wasn't comfortable doing the swap, they would have me send the entire laptop in. They paid shipping of the part both ways. So, again, the distribution center is in SC and I am in Atlanta. The part arrived on Saturday, the next day. I bought an external USB drive, partitioned it so it was slightly smaller than the HD on the laptop. I followed the Windows 7 directions to make a mirror image which includes making a boot disc. It took a few hours to make the mirrors of c: and d: which was under 300GB total. d: is HP's backup partition. I swapped out the drives, and used the Windows boot disc with the external USB HD connected that had the mirror image and in a couple of hours, my computer was exactly like I had it before. HP sent discs, but I didn't need them by using Windows Backup. Once I made sure everything was right, I swapped back to the old disc and did a boot and nuke, erasing all content. One more swap and everything is great.So, HP support has been great.