I had to spend $100.00, two visits by techs from a warranty I have that covers all computer related items, to have this cleaned up... and now it's finally working properly.  First - delivery of original order placed gets lost, I have to wait for second one to be shipped then notice I'm charged for two even though I have email saying credits were issued. But the reason for three stars is that it works now, after the tech had to practically rebuild it. Almost everything in my Control Panel was some type of "ware" if not a virus. For once though, I was glad to NOT see 50 google applications.  So once this is working properly, registers cleaned and do not install anything calling itself Microsoft Register CLeaning Pro because it is not really from Microsoft.  Meanwhile, you will get pop up warnings from the real Microsoft telling you there are registry issues ... and the CLeaning Pro pops open with a Windows type logo. This is a virus.  Many  of this type of "false pop-up scams or spam" happen, either claiming it's from Dell or Microsoft at the same time the real Dell or Microsoft is warning you something is not right. McAfee came installed for a 30 day trial, but after I put my own anti-virus and other protection their appeared to be far more than McAfee detected. I bought this NEW, after the horrible mistake of purchasing a refurbished computer  -- which is a whole other story. ANyway this Dell is okay, but slow and doesn't stream well. I don't hear any improvement in sound from Waves Maxx Audio (my old laptop had Beats Audio which produced a far better sound for whatever mode you put it in. Maybe Windows 8 is not for me ... after going through many, many Android devices - I needed a regular laptop and this Dell model sounded right for the price at the time I purchased it (a month ago).  This was a Prime purchase but came directly from Dell - or from Dell to AMazon - and it is not a bad computer for the price - just don't buy it for your main device. Most likely you'll find listening to music and streaming movies are better with devices you may have already. The fact that half the things in my computer after 2 weeks were found to be bad news - is the main reason I only gave it three stars. I'm not one to go randomly from site to site so I cannot understand the extra $100 I had to spend to get this to work properly - also, if it's speed you need - this is not the computer for you. Otherwise it is nice to have around when Android devices prohibit your access to many things.*UPDATE December 15, 2013: A/C adapter is junk. It's the kind that has a heavy transformer thing at an odd length and so heavy, it ends up pulling itself apart if plugged in while in use, which is not that often for me. One good feature this laptop has is its warning when battery is below 20% or if you leave A/C in too long. In other words, it helps you help ITs battery last longer ...I HOPE.  I had a hard time finding a replacement A/C charger/adapter at a decent price, too. I've owned this just over a month now- it required many, many updates and drivers and now the Cap-Lock key does the opposite of what it is there for. This happens right after 30 days .... unbelievable. I've had too many computer mishaps this year so I am satisfied with this thing as it is now but not thrilled. I'm not sure if my wifi/e-printer has a problemor if it's Windows 8 that doesn't allow a compatible update ... in any case that year old printer is now useless in conjunction with this laptop. I just GIVE UP.