I have had my Dell Studio 1555 since September 2009. I've used it to play games, do college work, and other minor things. Anytime I have had an issue with something on the laptop the Dell support has been readily available to help me out and solve the problem quickly.I've seen a lot of reviews on here that say that this laptop overheats easily. I find this FALSE. (caps used for emphasis) Mine has never crashed because of becoming too hot, but it has become hot enough that the bottom was uncomfortable to touch.I have also read many reviews saying it has a terrible battery life. Mine is 3 years old and by setting it on "Power Saver" form the Power Options window, I get about 4-5 hours of battery life.For those of you who don't know or are curious, if you look in the bottom right corner of the screen there should be a battery icon that you can right-click on and select "Power Options" which will open a window that you can choose one of three different ways for your battery to use its juice. There's one that devotes most of the juice to high performance, but this drains the battery quickly. There's another that saves power (which is what I use), but says that it doesn't give very good performance - for doing college work, surfing the internet, playing games, and streaming videos/movies I find the level of performance to be very adequate for this option. The third level is a balance between the two...well, it says balance, but it devotes slightly more juice to performance than battery life (it's like a "55-45" ratio.)Now, here are the things I find unfortunate about this laptop...1. No number pad - this isn't awful, just inconvenient.2. No indication of whether or not Caps Lock is on unless you're on the log in screen. - Slightly annoying, but it's not too hard to type a letter and see the result.3. The grips on the bottom of the laptop come off easily if you slide your computer around on your desk. I lost all of mine over the course of the 3 years I've owned it, but unless you're always working on a slanted surface you really don't need them.Overall, I think this is a nice computer to have despite other reviews. I purchased mine from a Best Buy in 2009. I run Windows Vista and have not/will not "upgrade" to Windows 7 because Vista works for me.Oh! I have dropped the laptop repeatedly, but one time I dropped it hard enough to mess up the disc drive and Dell sent out a repairman ***to my house*** and he repaired it without any questions. It was very nice.I hope this review has helped you decide whether or not to purchase this product.UPDATE - 9.11.13I still have this laptop and am not having ANY issues with it! Runs great! When (or IF) it dies I will definitely purchase another one of these! I love Dell!!