This is the second Asus Laptop I have purchased. The first one was K42JR. I have got one each of Toshiba, Dell, HP, Sager. As I was using the 14inch Asus earlier, this new Laptop feels like a giant. I purchased this one at $1299, and immediately the price went up to $1999. Now it is stable at 1349. It is really interesting to watch the price fluctuation of this model. This model was not available for a very long time. But Amazon made it available and delivered before the estimated date!I am using it for my office work and really impressed with this one. The i7 740 is a premium Intel chip. 6GB RAM shows its true strength. I think this to be far more than sufficient to handle large data excel files at ease. Now I am thinking to use this one for video streaming to handle AVCHD files. Once I end up with some video editing, I may add my experience in this review.The picture quality is stunning and the screen is very beautiful. Though the screen size is just 15.6 inches, the side panel strips are very thick making the overall size of this laptop , a very big one. I can not put this laptop inside my laptop sack, but required to put it outside the Laptop Jacket of the bag. Perhaps I will be required to search for a new Laptop Sack for carrying this Laptop.It is stated in the users guide that there is one inbuilt mic near the webcam, but i have not tested it by making a skype call.This is a very heavy Laptop. The Adapter is also very big size 6" x 3".It works great with wireless network. [ better than all my previous laptops]The keyboard is very smooth. The number pad helps a lot.The keys are properly placed and helps for typing for a longer time.This is really a silent worker. No noise at all. and it does not generate heat either for normal work like excel, internet surfing etc.The speakers produce a very clear sound. But the maximum volume level does not feel sufficient. The battery life is also reasonably good. You have selection of high performance, Entertainment, Quiet Office and Battery saving. The Battery lasts for more than two hours and is proper considering the power at which this Laptop works.The back light of keypad is another advantage of this laptop and generates a descent light to find the appropriate keys in dark.It has got USB3 drive but I have not used the same. Three USB drives one on Right and two on left - really useful placement.Sorry I am not using it for games and hence can not write anything about it. But it works excellent for my office work and my idea of handling very large data files with i7 740 and 6 GB Ram seems to work very well.The left hand top switch turns off all lights including the back light of keyboard. However I could not find a switch to increase or decrease volume of speakers - a real good feature missing - though you can use function keys for the same.Overall this is the best piece I have amongst the fleet of Laptops I have and I am more than satisfied and happy with this Laptop [ Only expect some one to carry the same on my behalf --- 7 pounds !!!! ]Thanks Asus ---- Thanks Amazon.Update:-This Laptop had a problem of short circuit and died immediately after the warranty was over. I am frustrated as I have invested a huge amount on this piece