I needed a second still image camera for business since we share a single one in the office, which often results in delays. I was so happy with the Sony Cybershot DSCW80 that I bought about two or three years ago, that it was a no-brainer to upgrade to this newer, higher megapixel version. This is my fourth Sony digital camera, and I'm loving it.I can't stress enough how wonderful the anti-blur technology on the camera is. While these newer, lightweight cameras are much more portable than their predecessors, it's also hard to hold them steady without a little of that extra weight. I don't have Parkinson's, but I don't have a steady surgical hand either, and this camera totally makes up for it. I don't like using the zoom feature without a tripod, but the more you zoom in on any camera, the shakier you get if you don't have it on a steady surface. It just goes with the territory.I am an amateur photographer--I use this for just regular photographs of everyday things. I need something simple to point and shoot. It has the same basic controls that my other Sonys have had, with the bonus of a slightly larger screen on the back. Most users will probably have little trouble using the dials and menu on the back to try different settings and to view the pictures you've already taken. I doubt if you'll have to consult the manual if you've had any experience with digital cameras before.I have video cameras and image editing software, so I didn't use the video function and did not install or use Sony's software on my computer, so I can't comment on either of those functions. The battery charges more quickly than previous models, and seems to have longer life for my still image shooting. The images are just fantastic--I could wave it around while taking a shot and still get a crisp, clean picture.Some people don't like the fact that the lens extends out when you turn it on, but I think it's a small price to pay for such quality images. My only other gripe about this camera, as with all Sony cameras, is the fact that it does not take a standard SD card and you must use Sony's Memory Stick Pro Duo. This isn't necessary, it is slightly irritating, and if it took a standard SD card I would have given it 5 stars.If you can get past the fact that you'll need to purchase a special memory card for this camera (and it's such a great camera that it's not hard to make that leap), you'll be very happy with this for years to come. I highly recommend this camera for anyone, advanced users and beginners alike. It's a fantastic value that will preserve your memories and take great pictures for your business for years to come.