There are many reviews that discuss the overall merits of this camera quite well.  I would like to highlight just a few that I think haven't been emphasized enough.* The 3" hi resolution screen is a delight.  I did not think it would make that much difference but it does.  This is the first camera that I felt I could examine the quality of the picture using the on board screen.  Playback is wonderful.* They seem to have fixed the loose mode dial.  The dial on my camera (bought in December 2009) is quite snug.* The slide switches for power and camera/playback are preferable to the push  button switches in my mind.  The power on is quicker since it does not require a built in delay that the push buttons need (to avoid accidental turn on).  You can also turn the power on by feel which is handy when you are trying to avoid disturbing a scene.  The slide switch on playback mode is convenient for review and downloading since the lens is not popping out in your hand when you turn the camera on.  The downside, as pointed out elsewhere, is that you may forget to switch back to camera mode and miss a shot.  Again, after a while, you get in the habit of checking the switch, which you can do by feel.* The separate movie record button is brilliant.  Why this isn't a standard feature on all cameras, I do not know.  It is not difficult to push, and it is not too easy to push (i.e. making accidental movies).* The quick menu feature is excellent.  This is the first camera I have had with this feature and it helps tremendously in making the advanced features of the camera much more accessible and therefor more likely to be utilized.* The camera feels lighter than I expected which is nice because I like to keep it in a shirt pocket.  It fits quite easily in Men's shirt pockets.  Doesn't sag my shirt as much as my Rollei 35, which is my longtime standard 35mm.* The frame of the camera is clearly quite rugged and gives it a solid feel. I am sure the internals are well anchored to this frame, however the plastic doors and front and back panels seem a bit fragile.  This is one area that Canon clearly has the edge - their exterior panels and doors are beautifully designed and give their cameras a bit more of a quality feel in the hand.* The movie modes of this camera make it probably the first true dual mode camera on the market.  I think this form factor will dominate as opposed to the video cam form factor (that also takes stills).  I will certainly be retiring the old DV cam.Overall, this is the most well thought out and feature-rich point and shoot camera I have seen.  I think I will be using it for a long time.