My feelings/observations pretty much echo what others have said about this device:It looks and feels cheaply made.Doorbell sounds are "cheesy" and do not include a "standard" ding/dong.To the person at the door, this is not obviously a doorbell system.50' of connecting cable is not as much as you might think and can be somewhat limiting.  A maximum run of 100' is simply not good enough for some houses.  Were I to install this so I could monitor the front door from my basement, 100' would barely reach the desired location for the receiver/monitor.The description indicates you can use your existing doorbell wiring to connect everything "within minutes."  Guess these guys have never been in an attic to connect to/troubleshoot doorbell wiring.  The worst part is that the installation/instruction "manual" does not include information as to how to connect the device to your doorbell wiring or whether an existing transformer will power everything.  It also does not say if your other door buttons and chimes can be left connected or not.  Additionally, if you want to use the monitor you must run the wire *somewhere* that you can access the system.  For most people this means surface wires or use of wall-trace unless you want to "fish" the wall to install the required wiring.  If I were to replace the current chimes with the monitor it would be at the ceiling.It works OK, but *just* OK.  Video is poor and washed out looking.  As another reviewer said so well: "The picture is good enough to tell if you recognize the person at the door, but not good enough to describe a stranger to the police."  Once connected the video duration is just long enough to tell who's there but *not* enough to have any sort of conversation if needed.  The audio is somewhat "hollow".I was really wanting to use this for my home-bound Mother-in-Law (also hard of hearing) so she could tell who is at the door before unlocking/opening it.  Because of the somewhat non-existant "integration" instructions, that the unit looks and feels cheap, and the fairly poor audio/video quality I just couldn't bring myself to subject her to the hassle.