I'm already on my second one. The monitor broke on the first one--luckily within the first 30 days so I just mailed it back. I hope it's not a recurring product defect (the screen went crazy), because I love the camera for its wide angle lens and high quality video. I'm used to using the Canon elphs--a far superior camera in both fit, finish, and photo quality, but I really need the ultra wide angle, not only for my work, but it's a format I much prefer. Please make one Canon!A couple of design issues: When you pull it out of your pocket, it's not obvious whether it's rightside up, upside down, or backwards--it's enough of a chore to figure out you might lose the photo if you're in a hurry. Also it's a good thing it's digital because the shutter button is so easy to press accidently, a good portion of shots are mistakes. The menu system is very clumsy and slow to navigate, and when you finally settle on one besides the default, you 'll inevitably turn the camera off--thus resetting to the default--because all the buttons are alike.This camera doesn't do RAW. If it had RAW capture, you wouldn't need to muck around with any camera settings--that you do later on the computer.I'd recommend it to anyone who's been desperate for a wide angle pocket camera. Everyone else wait until either the 2nd generation, or when Canon decides to copy it.Update: Broke the monitor again. This time was my fault I guess. I turned it on and discovered the screen was cracked. Maybe from banging into something? I suggest a hard case if you don't want this to happen. The repair is at least $150. Chock this up to bad design again--and incidently "photo guy," I'm an industrial designer and feel qualified to criticize this camera from a design perspective--so next time Kodak, before you call your camera a "pocket" camera, make the screen a little less vulnerable by either covering it with thicker glass as Sony does, or put a warning on it. I have a 5 year old Canon digital Elph that still works fine, I doubt I'll be able to say that about this camera in 5 years--that is if it ever comes back from Kodak repair.