At closeout price of $199, this is a good bargain. It uses the regular AA batteries (four needed) which means you don't have to pay high price for the rechargeable and you can get regular ones everywhere in case your rechargeable run out. The down side of using AA batteries of course is the size and weight. The image quality is good to excellent. It produces very good 4x6 prints from Costco or Sam's Club digital prints. 8x12 is probably the maximum one will want to go. At this size, although some resolution and other image quality issue shows, the overall result is still good. At 11x14, the image quality is only ok to decent at close range. It looks better at more than 2 ft away, which is probably the distance most of the people will look at pictures of this size.Speaking of resolution, the 1,984x1,488 pixels only produces 2.95Mpixels, not 3Mpixels is an odd ratio. While is may not sounds like a big deal, it is if you are thinking to get this one vs some of the 3.2 Mpixles camera. The difference in pixels is larger than you think. More importantly, 1,984x1,488 is an odd ratio. Unless you always make prints at home, or crop every picture the way you want, the Costco or Sam's will automatically crop the top and bottom for you! The camera offers a 3:2 mode to "solve" this problem. But the big problem is it reduces the resolution to 1,984x1,312. Either you use the 3:2 mode or your crop it yourself, the effective resolution dropped to 2.6 Mpixels!! If 4x6 pictures are what you use the most, you should think of this camera as a 2.6 Mpixels instead of 3.Like others have mentioned, the flash is not designed that well. It pops every time because otherwise it blocks the optical viewfinder. BTW, you need to use the LCD viewfinder for the 3:2 mode. You cannot tell exactly what image area with the optical finder with 3:2 mode.The color is very good but the contrast level is a little too high. This problem becomes visible when you print it at 8x12 and very visible at 11x14. The white balance under sunlight or flashlight is quite good. Under other man made lighting conditions the white balance is less than ideal.Would I buy this camera had I known how it actually works? Yes at [less money[ but not at [more money].