I am really into taking pictures and have a Nikon D90 and had a Canon sd630 point and shoot for years.  My canon was getting old and it was time to get another one.  I immediately started to look at Canon cameras.  I looked at the Canon sd1200, 1300, 1400, s90, and the sd780.  Went to best buy and tried all of the Canons out and wasn't too impressed with the image quality I was use to my sd630.  I had told myself that I would never get a non-Canon point and shoot.  As I was leaving Best Buy, I came across the Samsung TL240.  The sleekness of this camera caught my eye.  It is a beautiful camera and the 3.5" touchscreen was amazing.  I decided to test out the camera for fun and I was super amazed. First picture I took had amazing image quality.  The touchscreen is very responsive and vibrant.  I went home and began to do my research on this camera.  There are not too many reviews out on this camera.  It is a relatively new camera that just came out in Feb.  Found some youtube video reviews that were very helpful and did some research on the functions on the Samsung website.I decided to buy this camera.  I have had it a few days now and can't put it down.  Let me tell you about some of the functions.  This camera has functions that I never knew existed on a camera.  There is Smart Auto.  When the camera is in this mode, you just place the camera on the image you want to shoot and it automatically selects the best mode to shoot in.  I went in my backyard and rotated the camera on trees and the foliage mode turned on, turned it to my sister and the portrait mode came on.  The touchscreen is amazing.  It has a vibration touch as you click and amazing sound.  When you are in playback mode, you can tilt the camera without touching the screen to flip through pictures.  If you want to delete a photo, simply draw an X on the screen to delete and draw a circle on the screen if you want to rotate the image.  The camera shoots great close up shots in macro and has dual image stabilization.  The camera comes with a wide angle lens that makes shooting landscape easier.  The camera has so many photo effect options including miniature, vignette, and 2 different fish eye controls.  I am not even halfway through the manual and messing around with the functions.  Also shoots 720p HD videoI highly recommend this camera.  I always do a lot of research before I but any electronic and this camera Highly impressed me and is still doing that.  It is a great buy and all my friends want one already.