Received mine yesterday and very impressed so far. I am a retired photography teacher, also have a nice Kodak z-series point & shoot, and a Canon Xsi dSLR. Bought this to have a nice pocket camera to carry. Setup was easy, there are plenty of options, features, and modes. But most owners will probably use it in the "intelligent auto" mode where the camera figures everything. It has a high quality Leica lens. I am amazed at how close I can shoot, without using the zoom, and even with the flash firing. This camera just came out in January, 2011, so the required lithium-ion rechargeable battery is expensive at $49.95 at this time. Generics will not work, I have read, because like many companies, the battery contains a computer chip which tells the camera if the battery is legit, sorry. I'm sure prices will come down on the battery, and a second battery is not needed, at least at first. It takes very high quality pictures. You can adjust settings, but even at the best image quality setting this takes over 1200 images to an 8GB SD memory card. A Class 6 is recommended if you plan to shoot HD 720 video. I highly recommend this camera. UPDATE: Months later I am still very happy with this camera. In fact, I tend to use it most often of the 3 good digital cameras I own. I mainly like its small size which can be slipped into a pocket in a thin camera pouch, and automatically great pictures. One thing I have noticed, and that is sometimes floating dust in the shot will end up as a round circle in the picture. This does not happen often, usually only happens in lightly dusty areas, and according to the company is normal. There's nothing really wrong with the camera. I can live with it, and dust spots like these can be corrected using photo software most of us have. Additional UPDATE 12/2011: I still love this camera but have had one additional problem. Sometimes when I take flash pictures in a darker area, or of a dark object, i.e. mens suit, the black does not photograph as black. It has "noise" made up of multiple color pixels. This does not happen often, and I think it may be a problem of the flash. It doesn't perform like my Canon digital Rebel XSi, though, but it's a much simpler camera, small, and very easy to use. I do still like it even with it's occassional problems.