Pros:Compact SizeQuality FeelSliding lens cover doubles as power switchFast LCD refresh (must be 60 hz, but only in high performance mode)Weather Sealed buttonsCons:Battery LifeNo full manual modeOnly 3x optical zoomNo optical shake reductionBottom Line: Great value for a quality feeling budget compact camera.  Image quality is fine, I see no problems with smaller prints up to ISO 800, this is far better than my previous point and shoot that was half the resolution.  My favorite features are the weather sealed buttons (the camera isn't weather sealed, get the Z33wp for that), but the buttons are rubber covered and liquid can't get in around them, and my other favorite feature is the high frame update on the LCD.  As long as you set the menu option for high performance, the rear LCD updates very rapidly, any motion is updated instantly.  This is much improved over most of the competition, but no reviews I see mention this.Some people are complaining about the quality of the images, but either they have a bad sample or are just viewing the images at 100% on a computer monitor.  Prints are fine.  I will comment that the rear LCD is sometimes grainy appearing, but the final images are great.  This is because the rear LCD has a high frame update, about 60 hz, and it needs to set the sensitivity very high in low light in order to show you an image at that rate, so the display comes grainy.  When you take the picture it is fine.Overall this is a pretty average performing camera that is inexpensive.  It has a semi manual mode for setting your own ISO, EV compensation, but it lacks a few other options.  The aperture just uses a couple values, and can't be selected manually.  If you can pick this up for about a hundred bucks it is a bargain.  If you get up near one hundred fifty there are probably better options available.Update: I found the condition people must be getting grainy pictures.  This camera doesn't have a powerful flash, and in a large room trying to take a picture of a subject maybe 15 or 20 ft away the flash doesn't have the power to illuminate them adequately.  If you use this indoors in a dim room, it is fine at close range, but not great for a Christmas program or a picture of a presenter across the room.  In these situations you might try disabling the flash.