Purchased this camera for my daughter's birthday last July -- it had received a lot of 4 plus star reviews and was selling for the supposedly bargain price of $149.99.Less than six months later it's suffering from routine System Error (Zoom) messages, which the camera puts out when you turn it on, the zoom lens extends (or tries to), and all is not well with the motorized system that sets the lens in position for taking photos or videos.  As I've learned in the last 24 hours this is a common problem with point-and-shoot digital cameras, though somehow it's one I haven't suffered with my long-in-the-tooth Canon PowerShot SD800 IS, which I've used without incident for 6 or 7 years.The bottom line is that the camera is now unusable.  I've had *some* success cleaning out the spaces between the various telescoping lens elements, but I can't get the camera to start up reliably -- even when the lens appears to extend fully.  And frankly I'm not surprised, because the first time I held the camera I found it suspiciously light ... and one reason undoubtedly is the set of cheap plastic cylinders within cylinders that hold the zoom lens elements in place and allow them to telescope and retract.Of course, the problem from here on out is how to shop for a point-and-shoot camera that *won't* exhibit this common problem.  In all the camera reviews I've read on Amazon I rarely encounter one that cites this issue -- usually people complain about more basic problems, such as suddenly finding themselves unable to turn on the camera.  And no camera maker is going to flaunt the reliability of its zoom lens motor system.  At least, I can't *ever* recall reading such a claim from the usual suspects: Canon, Nikon, Panasonic, et al.In any case, consider yourself warned if you're seriously thinking about buying this camera new or used.  Personally, I'd keep on looking.1/9/13 update: following suggestions I found at a DIY camera troubleshooting website I actually got the zoom lens working again (it took about an hour) and even took a couple of pictures with the camera ... for a day.  The following morning I went to turn the camera on and the lens fidgeted, trying (and failing) a few times to extend itself, and the dreaded System Error (Zoom) message was back. <Sigh>