I sell cameras/camcorders for a living and I have to say that this is one of the worst ones I've come across in a while. While the syle and design might look cool, it is still a camera, and isn't a camera used for capturing important moments? Preserving memories, etc? Then why on earth would you put those things in the hands of something faulty? Yes I am a bit anal when it comes to these things, but it is for your own good I promise.I would only recommend this camera to a young child, as they are really the only ones who might not know better or even care about the quality of the images.  While it is stylish and pocket sized, so are many other cameras of far, far, far better quality than this. First of all, the trendy sliding front piece makes it so your lense never comes out, hence lousy zoom and not much image diversity. The menu is easy to navigate, but again, so are many others in the "point-and-shoot" category. I wish people would open up their minds a bit and embrace technology--it is as if some are just too indimidated by it to venture into something perhaps a bit more complicated (read: sophisticated).  As I patiently tell my customers, a camera should be an investment...not an impulse buy because something is cute or popular.The flash on this thing is awful. It's literally like a sputtering blink that leaves you wondering if it even illuminated anything.  Forget taking pictures indoors with low-light, because you'll just have orange blurs.  There is no image stabilization, (whether it says it has it or not--I promise, try it out, it doesn't.)  I mounted it on a table top tripod and held it still and the pictures STILL had a blur to them.  This is because the camera has a cheaply made sensor that can't capture anything of quality.ONE Okay feature, on most Fujifilm cameras, is the color quality. If you can actually get a clear shot, the color is very nice and vivid. Sometimes so vivid in fact, that it looks like the saturation was upped about +5. This could be a good thing or bad, depending on your situation.  I'm not knocking Fuji's cameras in general--there are some quite nice ones, but do yourself a favor and skip this one. It is more like a colorful toy than a good quality camera.Great cameras in the same price range:  Canon Powershot A480, Nikon Coolpix S220, Sony Cybershot W180.