*Hint*... Before installing using the CD this product comes with, go to wilife.com and download the latest version instead.I really like this product.  I've tried some of the X-10 garbage over the years, but never had a very favorable opinion of anything I received from them... especially with their software.  The Logitech WiLife software is another story though.  It's professionally done, and comes with cool features like the ability to define motion detection zones and sensitivity.  Oh, and it works right out of the box (after some automatic configuration that takes 5 minutes or so).The image from the camera appeared strange at first.  But since I agreed to "automatically check for updates" during setup, it quickly discovered new firmware that was available for the camera.  I told it to update and it did so without any problems.  When the camera came back on, the image was a lot better.  Awesome!There are so many features that the software provides, like the ability to send e-mail or phone alerts when motion is detected.  And of course the coolest thing is being able to view the video from a remote location using the internet (you must sign up for a free WiLife account first).  Don't expect real-time viewing over the web though: the video you are viewing online is usually from 30 seconds to a minute ago... no big deal.This camera also comes with a nice variety of mounting options for standing up on a desk, mounting to a wall, or mounting to a window.  It appears that a lot of thought went in to the design of this thing and it wasn't just slapped together to get a product out.The one thing I was disappointed with was all the "upgrade to the Platinum edition so you can do this and this" nonsense all over the software.  You're first encounter is at the very first startup of the program, when a "Helpful Tips" window opens and tells you all the things you can do if you had the Platinum version (before you even get to see what you can do with what you already have)!  Then there are a bunch of buttons on the screen for digital panning and zooming, etc that are for Platinum users only.  It's a bit obnoxious if you spend a lot of money for a system and they bombard you with "yeah, but give us more money and you can have this and this".  Why not offer a 6-month free trial of the Platinum features included in the somewhat high price of this product?!Platinum complaint aside, this really is a nice product, and the software is far from the garbage you get with other products like X-10.  I may just have to get one of the outdoor cameras and an infrared add-on.  :)