After doing TONS of research over a span of about two months, i finally bought this camera.  I tried it out in stores (along with many others) and it was simply the best for the money.  Though it may not be one of those TINY pocket cameras, i never had a problem fitting it in the pocket of my cargo pants or jeans.  If you are unsure about this camera, this may help:1. Great quality pictures.  Believe me, 3.2 MP is plenty for the average person.  Amazing quality up untill 8 by 10 inches2. Though it is not advertised, the camera lasted through a day of pouring rain while i was hiking without a problem.  It was very wet, but even in a cloud on the top of a mountain i found no problem with the camera.  I would still suggest avoiding wet weather (just in case), but it stood up fine for me.3. Panoramic mode is really great - stiches very easily together4.  Movies have great quality with long length - sound works well, i have a lot of fun with them.5. Software is simple to use, easy to upload pictures6. TV output made it easy to show everyone the pictures7. Long battery life (with rechargeables)9. Nice zoom + nice quality = good editing.  I was able to zoom way in on pictures i took in NYC from a building to see the license plate numbers clearly - the quality is that good!10. easy to switch between modes11. personalizeable12. Reasonable weight - not cumbersome evern for long hikesThe only problems I encountered with this camera are:1. Long period of time between when you press the shutter button and when it takes the picture - if you are going to need to catch very fast shots of things (maybe whale watching) you could have a problem - i solved this however by using the movie mode and taking out the frame i wanted on the computer. 2. Took a while to get the correct settings for museum shooting.  too bright, too dark - i did get it to work well eventually.  it just needs some fiddling.3. The software isnt amazing, you may want to buy a better program for editing.I would suggest buying several accesories for the camera:1. a larger memory card (I got a 512 MB card so i would never need another, and I am very happy with it.  It stored every picture I toook over the span of a week in the Virgin Islands no problemo.  at highest quality, you can take over 300 pictures without a worry!2. Rechargable batteries (i got 2200) they last very long!3. a good caseAll in all, this is an amazing camera.  a solid choice for everyone except maybe a professional photographer.  after the research, this is definately the best value for the money.