I've owned the Olympus 565-UZ for a couple of years and really liked it, but it has its limitations, especially for low-light photography. So I struggled with the decision to get one of the new megazooms with CMOS sensors, like the Fuji HS20 or the Kodak Easyshare Max, or to take the plunge and get a DSLR.I actually did buy the HS20, but found it clunky and awkward to use, and the picture quality was kind of erratic. It was just not enough of an improvement over my Olympus to justify a $500 investment, so I sent it back.A professional photographer advised me to get a DSLR if image quality is my concern. This camera was an easy choice for me because it takes rechargeable AA batteries. I might be in the minority, but I don't want to bother with proprietary rechargeables. I want to be able to walk into a drugstore and pick up some AAs if necessary. And then there was the matter of price - as many reviewers have stated, the K-X offers a huge bang for the buck.Although it's a DSLR, the K-X has been an easier transition from my Olympus in terms of size and weight. It just fits well in my hand. I went with the kit with 18-55mm and 55-300mm lenses, based on the reviews. I've been largely pleased with  both, although the telephoto lens does add some heft to the camera!The same photographer who suggested a DSLR advised me to get a 50mm f/1.7 lens for low-light situations. I found a good used one on eBay for about $130.I am far from a professional photographer, but I have found the leap to a DSLR has not been as traumatic as I feared. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the 55-300mm lens goes about the same distance as the Olympus 20x lens - I can still take Manhattan skyline photos from my window. The 18-55mm lens works fine for most shots.The f/1.7 lens has acquitted itself well under a variety of conditions once I figured out how to use it. I have to get used to "zooming" by positioning myself in a lot of cases, but I like the results.I bought my K-X from Beach Camera, which was very efficient. I got it the day after I placed the order, and it was well-packaged. They also seem to have a very liberal return policy, although I intend to hang onto this camera.