This is an excellent digital camera that I would highly recommend to anyone.I've never owned my own digital camera before, but have used many other people's and figured out what I don't like and what I do like. (I've used three different Olympus cameras, two different Canon cameras, a Nikon camera, a Vivitar camera, and a Casio camera before, with work or friends/family.) So when it came time to buy my own, I did a lot of research to find the one that suited my needs and most of my likes. I wanted one with SD card capability (because that's what I use with my PDA already), toggle zoom button, adjustable flash modes, adjustable white balance (for shooting artwork), good battery life, decent LCD, and small size. This camera is it!Pros:~great designfunctions are easy to get to, menu is easy to navigate and understand, reviewing the pictures on the camera is nice, easy, and fast too~zoom toggle:placement of button is smart, button is quickly responsive, even with fat fingers it works great~F-Stopadjustable! and easy to adjust without even going into the menu options, as easy as manually zooming (and the button is right below the zoom toggle, so it's easy and efficient), a nice added bonus~power onpowers on very quickly, returns to settings used before it was powered off~long batteryexcept for the first use after the initial charge up, this battery lasts a long time, and the battery slot is quite sturdy~shotsshots come out beautiful and professional looking. great for photographing artwork, people (portraits, close-ups, groups, etc.), landscapes, action (like sports), etc. clear and crisp end results~panoramicshots come out beautiful, and it's actually a really fun and cool function to play withCons (pretty minor):~SD card slot coverthe SD card slot itself is quite sturdy, but the cover is the only flimsy part of the camera that I would like to see changed. it does make me nervous sometimes that I'll break it when I switch out cards~protective bagif you plan on using this camera frequently and taking it lots of places with you in a purse or your pocket or something, you should consider buying a better case to carry it in. that's what I did. I use the bag now as a cleaning device for the LCD when I leave fingerprints on it. . .~kodak softwarethe software was a little finicky on my machine, but that might be a problem on my end. software does make it a little more difficult to get the pictures online to any site other than kodak, though.Seriously consider this camera. It really is awesome. I'm so happy I did all the research I did and found this one. Love it . . .