I love this camera, it takes great pictures, and you can zoom while taking HD videos. Not many pocket cameras can do that. This is the best value for a pocket camera, without spending far more. Be very cautious ordering a backup battery for this camera on Amazon, or anywhere else. Although you will find batteries available, Panasonic released firmware that causes the camera to reject the alternate batteries, and will shut the camera down. Amazon has nothing to do with this, and continues to be my favorite website for online purchases. Panasonic/Leica buyers beware!Update - 6/2010, six months after purchaseI now have numerous fibers inside the camera, and am very afraid to recommend this to others. The "Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 10.1 MP Digital Camera with 12x Wide Angle MEGA Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 3 inch LCD" seems to have a flaw, that allows dust to enter the lens barrel and accumulate on the lens. I have kept the camera inside the white cloth shipping bag inside its case, and the fibers caught between the lens and lens cover are all white. They have ruined the camera for me. In my 40 years of shooting, this has never happened to me. I have sent an email to Panasonic, waiting for their response...Update - 9/26/11Panasonic replaced the camera, but they send a refurbished camera as a matter of course. The replacement camera takes pictures with a slightly blue-ish tint at times... never as colorful as my original ZS3 took, but passable. I have finally decided that I should not expect too much in this price-point. All-in-all, the ZS3 is a great little point-and-shoot.Update - 10/4/11Replaced with a ZS10 - mistake!Immediately purchased a new Sony a55 - oh so happy!Update - 6/26/12My ZS3 is my go-to camera when I need to get on my bike and ride. I shoot my Sony a55 with the big glass most of the time now - but when I need portability and a camera to trust, the Panasonic ZS3 is it! My sweetie received the ZS10 I bought to upgrade the ZS3, but I will keep the earlier Panasonic for myself. Glad I bought it.Update - 10-29-13The ZS3 was stolen, ow.The ZS10 now has a huge piece of masking tape on it to keep the main wheel in the same position, it rotates too easily to the wrong setting... and lord help you if you wish to crop anything from the ZS10... any magnification of an image looks like pizza - blotchy and water-colorish... too bad!