I am giving this an overall rating of four stars for two reasons.  The first one is because they don't tell you to get a strong wireless router.  I had a Linksys (I am not knocking the Linksys brand) WRT120N which is not near as strong a signal to run multiple devices but i did not know that at first with this camera.  This camera takes up some bandwidth so get a good quality router such as the D-Link DIR-655 N+300.  This router works wonders with this camera and several devices within the home.  The other reason is because the average user may not be able to set this camera up for wireless.  The instructions to set them up for wireless for the average person is located here: [...].  They are using a Trendnet router but if you know what you are doing this is simple to set up for any other router.  It took me about 30-45 minutes to set up.  I am a Systems Administrator so this was not difficult to set up for me but it may be for others.One great thing about the user interface is once it is setup for other people to use you can create multiple users in different groups and the guest view does not let them move the camera.  The only thing that the guest users can do is look at the current view of the camera and listen to the audio.  You can turn that audio off if you do not want anyone to listen in.  This camera also has a auto patrol option that can be changed as far as time intervals go.  You can set each of the eight options to move between 1-999 seconds per location when using the auto patrol option.  It has 8 different patrol options that can be changed and renamed.  You can pan and tilt manually also.Overall this camera does exactly what I bought it for.  My wife wanted a way to view our son from work.  The user interface is very simple to operate.  Most of the settings can be changed remotely if needed, the picture quality is great during the day and at night, and the setup for users is great.  I would recommend this camera and company to anyone wanting basic security options around the house or for the use of a baby cam.Pros: Ease of use, picture quality day/night, pan/tilt options, remote manage, and user setup.Cons: I can't think of anything