This is the latest of Busch's best-of-breed guidebooks, offering a comprehensive manual for the Canon EOS Rebel T3 entry-level digital SLR. The T3 is a basic 12-megapixel model that lacks some features and the high price tag of more luxe beginner cameras like the T3i, but its affordability will attract beginners who want a camera with room to grow into.  Busch's book has the information you need to learn and grow, supplying easy explanations of using the T3's basic features accompanied by simple introductions to the kind of more advanced capabilities that will help even the rawest neophyte take the best pictures of their lives. Although very accessible, this book goes much deeper than the run-of-the-mill camera guides to offer advice on how to use every control, select every menu option.. The author's friendly style leads you through the camera's features and tells you not only what each capability does, but gives examples of when you'll get the most benefit from using it. Busch explains all the new features for the D5100 in a way that's easy to understand. His novel approach is to condense all the essential information about each and every control on the camera into a multi-page "roadmap" that explains their functions without the need to leap around from page to page, as is the case with the Canon manual. He devotes several full chapters to outlining every menu option, and actually provides much more detail than you'll find in most of the other "expanded" guides for the T3.Although this book is comprehensive, it's easy reading, and if you want a condensed version to carry around with you, Busch offers that too. His David Busch's Compact Field Guide for the Canon EOS Rebel T3/1100D is a worthy replacement for those laminated cheat sheets that fold out into six index card sized tabs with one-sentence summaries of most of the menu settings, too. While the portable version duplicates some of the information found in this book, the two make a great pair for home and field. You'll want to buy them both to have the information you need on the go and for study at home.