I just bought a Canon A40 last week.  I had narrowed the field down to the Canon and the Fuji Finepix 2600 and originally decided on the Fuji.  After taking the 2600 home for a night and messing with it a bit, I changed my mind and traded it in for the Canon.  There were several reasons...-The Canon felt much more solid.  Part of this is the weight and size, being a bit bigger and heavier that a lot of digi cameras.  It will probably not fit in your average shirt pocket, but I like to keep it in the case or my hands most of the time anyway.  The upshot of the slightly bigger size is that the camera is laid out very well.  The Fuji seemed to have appendages, because the body was so small yet the LCD and buttons kind of hung off it.  The Fuji has a sliding door that covers the lens which felt pretty flimsy, whereas the Canon automatically retracts the lens and covers it when you power off or if you are in play mode for a length of time.-The Canon had many more manual options.  Basically a full manual mode, programmed auto mode, and full auto mode.  The Fuji does not let you adjust ISO or shutter speed.-Pics taken in low light were much better from the Canon.-The LCD screen on the Canon, although a bit smaller than the Fuji, looked clearer and more true to the actual image.-The movie mode on the Canon has audio, the Fuji does not.-Finally, I just decided that I liked the Canon name better.I am very happy I made the decision to get the Canon.  I have taken about 200 pictures since I got it and have had great results.  The software that came with it is quite useful.  Zoom browser EX makes it very easy to organize and view hundreds of photos at a time and the Arcsoft camera suite, while very obviously created for the consumer market, is very capable.  Stich mode works great and is super easy to set up.  Basically the CPU does all of the work for you. My advice?  BUY THIS CAMERA.  You will not be dissapointed.  For less [the price], and with all the features (many found only on more expensive models) it is hard to go wrong.