I have several Nikon digital SLR's and at times, it's a hassle to lug around my SLR's and lenses. Additionally, there are times when I want to take candid photos and my SLR's make me stand out like a sore thumb (or a Hollywood paparrazi!) I love the size of this camera, It will easily fit in my pocket and when you hit the power button, it fires up quickly.There are some things that require getting used to. First, the power button is so small, I have to use my finger nail to turn the camera on. Also, if you have the camera set up to automatically use the flash in low light situations, I've found that the index finger of my left hand sits on top of the flash in the closed position, and when it tries to "pop up", I get an error message telling me that the flash is not properly deployed. This is more of an operator issue than a problem with the camera. The LCD monitor is hard to see in bright sunlight and forget about viewing the monitor with sunglasses on! I've seen the same problem with my Wife's Canon Powershot, so I'd imagine that this is a pervasive problem with all digital cameras. Lastly, the zoom is a little touchy...almost a little too fast for my taste.The photographs I've taken with this camera are stunning! At times, Its hard to believe I'm using a "point and shoot". It's hard to tell the difference between photos I've taken tith the S8000 and one of my digital SLR's with the lens stopped down. The first photo I took was a butterfly sitting on a cone flower in macro mode. The image amazed me! I have taken about 150 photos of my son's high school graduation, shots at the pool, an outdoor party and many indoor photos of family and friends. Colors are accurate and the images are fantastic! My use of the video has been limited to two shoots, approximately 15 minutes each. Several reviewers have complained about a high pitched squeal in the audio. This is not happening with my camera. I have asked my wife and teenage children whether or not they hear any squeal...negative. Since several people have complained about this, it's obvious that this has been a problem. Perhaps Nikon has corrected this. I purchased my camera in June 2010.I guess the last thing to cover is ease of use. I've had the camera for about a month now and still have not read the owner's manual. Everything is so intuitive, I was able to basically unpack it, charge the battery (about 4 hours) and just start using it. I probably should read the manual...I'm sure I'll be pleasantly surprised at some additional features I'm currently unaware of.I would highly recommend the S8000. From my perspective, I just don't see how you can go wrong.