Not Perfect but Probably the best camera out there for the money. I would actually rate it a 4.5 out of 5.  Image quality is excellent, speed is excellent, good focusing. Image quality is limited mostly by the lens quality, the better the lens, the better, more sharp the image.A few gripes are:1) comes with sensor dust on the sensor so will need a professional cleaning right out of the box, you wouldnt expect this at this price level.2) no spot metering, which is almost unacceptable and can be very annoying and cause you to miss the shot, must use manual exposure or adjust other modes with exposure adjustment3) Mirror slap much too loud, doesnt matter in many situations but during a wedding is disruptive and can get you removed from a church, or during wildlife or candid photography, can scare away or shy the subject4) misses perfect focus too often, i think a infrared light would help, because when i use my 580 speedlite that has one, it is perfect focus every time. in good light focus is usually dead on, especially if i tell it where to focus.5) One occassion so far where camera locked up and wouldnt work at all...removed battery and put back in, then it worked again.6) kit lens is no good, so have to spend an additional $500 on a good lens. I have found the 17-85 4-5.6 IS lens to be great other than its price and the lack of lens hood. No other lens has IS in that focal length and it allows me to take photos in low light handheld to 1/4 second, its pretty sharp, and has a great focal range. I just wish it were "faster" (i.e., f 2.8 throughout the range).8) I miss 50 iso from my previous camera, the Olympus C-750 UZ. Its good for waterfall shots.7) Viewer is only 95%, which wouldnt be so bad if it were centered but its is not so cropping is often necessary, wasting at least 0.5 megapixels.These are the major issues i have encountered so far, but I still like this camera very much. I would have a hard time choosing between the 20d and the nikon d200 if i were to do it all over but the 20d was the best camera out there at the $1300 price range when i bought it and still is one of the best out there in this price range.