This was my 3rd Kodak camera. (My 2nd one was my favorite but it died after a couple of years. Unfortunately, Kodak no longer makes that model.) So I bought the Z650 because of the nice zoom options and good customer reviews. Plus, it seemed like a good deal for the money. What a disappointment it has been. The only pro for me is that SOMETIMES it takes outstanding pictures. But it is hit or miss. I've found that the best pictures are taken outdoors, like nature shots - close ups of flowers, etc. Some of those pictures have been breathtaking.The cons are many. Here they are:1. Extremely low battery life (and by the way, it took me a while to find a battery charger that was compatible with the type of batteries this camera takes.)2. Cheap lens cover. Keeps falling off and I enventually lost it. Which makes for a hard experience trying to keep the lens clean.3. VERY slow in processing shots. Granted, I have it on the highest resolution, but my last camera did not do this, even on the highest resolution.4. Long shutter delay, and annoying white screen with the word "processing" appears after almost every shot, especially when battery is running low. You cannot do anything while the shot is "processing," and I missed a lot of great photo opportunities while waiting for this "processesing" screen to go away.5. Zoom in video mode is fixed. Cannot zoom while videotaping.6. Even after focusing ahead of time in video mode, sometimes video still appeared completely out of focus on screen once I pushed the record button. I missed videotaping my son's piano recital this way, because it just wouldn't focus.7. Takes awful pictures indoors from a distance, even if using zoom mode. (Example: awards ceremonies, etc.)8. Cannot take focused or decent pictures in low light indoors. (I'm sure there is a way to fix this in the settings, but that's my fault for not taking the time to deal with it.)9. Again, pictures are hit or miss. Sometimes they're beautiful, especially the outdoors shots, but sometimes they turn out blurry, even if they appeared focused on the camera screen.10. Camera is BULKY and cumbersome. Definately hard to carry and won't fit in your pocket since the lens does not retract all the way in to the camera.11. Needs image stabilization.12. LOW Memory storage, even on low resolution settings. At most I could store about 64 photos, and that was even with a memory card.Hate to sound so negative, but I'm just being honest. This camera is not one I would recommend unless all your photos are taken outdoors.