The Indoor Master System Camera by Logitech was just as easy to set up as advertised for a beginner-intermediate technophile/technophobe.  (I'm not one to comment on packaging, but it was really well-done too.)  I received it, took about 20 minutes to set it up, and the camera's working right now and I'll definitely add more indoor cameras and possibly outdoor cameras.  The camera automatically records to your computer when it senses motion and you can add additional schedules for recording.  The only draw-back is the lack of infrared if you're using this as security at night.  I'll have to add adjustments for that (motion sensor lights), but it's an awesome system otherwise.  While the system can't be plugged into extension strips with surge-protectors (they're already built-in to the components), you can use regular extension cords to lengthen the range of where you place the camera (same with the computer you use to plug the whole system in - I'm using a laptop right now with an extension cord because the Logitech cord is really short).  There are several different mounting systems for the camera (easy-to-attach suction can be placed on either side of the camera for looking out of the window and looking in from the window, there are wall and ceiling brackets, or a stand-alone desk holder).  I had purchased another similarly-priced security camera that had to be routed to the computer in a more convoluted way, but this is a system that is much simpler in that it uses plug-in receivers and immediately connects camera to computer through electrical outlets. It also allows you to remotely view what's occurring via the web and sends alerts (something I haven't had time to try).  The only small nit I have are the stickers that accompany the system - they show an icon of the outdoor camera that's not really a clear sign of surveillance or video security.  I thought the stickers should mention the words "video security" or something a little clearer.  Amazon.com shipped it really quickly and I'm just really pleased with every aspect of this purchase.