After owning a Canon EOS SLR (in the old days of 35mm film), two different Minoltas and four consecutive Sony Cybershot digital compacts, I chose the Lumix DMC-TZ7 (the designation Panasonic uses in Europe for the ZS3) in December 2009 over the Fuji and Sony competitors largely on personal recommendation. It is, without reservation, the most superb all-round camera I have ever owned and turned out to be an excellent purchasing decision.Gone are the days when the only way you could get really sharp high-quality photos was to use a big SLR with changeable lenses requiring a shoulder bag to lug it all around. The near-perfect little ZS3 fits into any pocket - even a trouser pocket, and it's so slim and lightweight you barely notice it.The LCD is the best I've ever used - even better than a comparable Sony Cybershot. It `s a full  three inches across and brightens/dims according to available ambient light, a thoughtful feature presumably to ensure conservation of battery power.The LEICA-originated lens produces pictures which are razor-sharp and crystal-clear. The "Intelligent Autofocus" setting is superb, and yields first-class results even in poor light conditions. Even a beginner, nervous of adjusting F-stops or shutter speed, can use the camera in standard mode and adjust minor features like the ISO setting or white balance, or use macro for close-ups on small objects. The video feature is particularly impressive, with both picture and sound quality way above what you might be entitled to expect from a camera costing below $400.You might think about buying a 4GB SDHC card for permanent use in the camera which, though a bit pricey, will give you all the memory capacity you ever need - and you only need to buy it once.As some other reviewers have pointed out, the battery Panasonic have chosen for the ZS3 is non-standard, so basically any spare zoom-compact batteries you may have in the drawer will be redundant if you buy this camera. The batt-life is good though, and will last several days of fairly liberal camera use, certainly up to 300+ photos. The loose mode-dial fault reported in early units has not been a problem with my camera, so I can only presume Panasonic have fixed this issue or I've been lucky.Overall, I love it. It's the best walkabout, point-and-shoot camera I've ever used and does just about everything anyone could need, with an ease of operation and superb results you will be hard-pressed to find in any rival. At the price, it's a steal.