OK, so it was my "friend" who spilled my beer on the camera; I probably shouldn't have left it on the table, but it's so light and fun to use that I like to keep it handy. (The beer only splashed onto the front lens area, so not much damage. I was on it right away with napkins then cleaned it later with rubbing alcohol. The auto lens cover still sticks a little, but no long term effects as of yet.)Two months ago, I was shopping for a camera for my first ever trip to Yellowstone Nat'l Park. I was torn between the Nikon P5100 and the Canon G9. I agonized over all the reviews and sample pictures. The Canon was great, but cost $200 more and weighed a lot more. The Nikon was lightweight, more pocket friendly and still 12 megapixels.Believe it or not, this is my first digital camera. I have a couple film cameras, a Nikon 35Ti point and shoot and a Canon T90 SLR. I used to be a professional, toting bags of heavy equipment with me everywhere, and I wanted to get as far away from that as possible, even if it meant sacrificing "picture quality." And by that, I mean the difference between something you'd see in a scrapbook versus in a published book. This little camera does a great job; overall I was very happy with it. Most of my disappointments came from the rustiness of my own photography skills.However I did hit a enough snags to reduce the rating to 4 stars. The camera sometimes had a hard time metering, especially at the Paint Pots or waterfalls. I usually used either Aperture or Shutter priority, depending on whether I wanted depth of field or stop-action -- I love having that ability. But when the meter was fooled, I would have to switch to Manual. I never tried the preprogrammed settings (Portrait, Landscape, etc). The other problem was focusing -- the camera does great with people, but terrible on landscapes with no contrast (again, the paint pots or thermal features with lots of steam). I found that setting the focus from AF to landscape helped a lot, but I was frustrated enough to take away a star.So I'm sure I would have gotten much better pictures had I spent $1500 on a new SLR and lenses and a tripod and hauled 40 pounds of equipment with me instead of carrying a $300 camera (with the extra telephoto extender too) that fits in my pocket. But would I have had as much fun? I doubt it.P.S.  I spilled coffee on it too. That I can't blame on anyone but me.