About 4 years ago I received an older version of this same camera as a Christmas present. For those 4 years that blue little Lumix served me well; it survived all that time in great working condition before finally succumbing when I dropped it one too many times (and believe me, I dropped it constantly; I'm surprised it held up for so long). After briefly trying out a new brand of camera that I sent back with disgust, I decided to return to the old & trusty brand that had worked so well before. And boy, am I glad I did!This beautiful, updated model seems to be (so far) just as perfect as it's predecessor, for many reasons:1) It is the PERFECT portable size to fit in a purse, backpack or even the pocket of your jeans.2) Beautiful color and and design.3) User-friendly interface for changing modes, turning flash on/off, deleting pictures, and every other function you might need.4) Gorgeous picture quality. When taking a photo of my dog, for example, you can see just how luscious and luminescent her fur is, and the gleam in her eyes is clear and crisp. In sum, the photos it takes look great, which leads me to:5) Very flattering picture quality as well! (it must be the flash; either way my skin looks a whole lot better on camera than it does in the mirror!)6) Easy to use buttons/toggles for zoom, taking a picture, turning on/off, deleting, etc. This comes in handy when asking a third party to take a group photo (there's no long struggle trying to find out how to work  the camera).7) It's SO simple to charge (just plug the battery into the charging unit, into the wall, and you're good to go; it's also very easy to remove and replace the battery as well).8) It's easy to upload photos with the simple, no-confusion USB cord (clearly delineates between which end goes in the camera and which goes into the port, which has been a problem with some other devices I own).9) Durability. At least if this model is as sturdy as my last, it will tolerate quite a few tumbles and still looks beautiful despite the scrapes, while never downgrading the quality of the camera itself.10) Simple setup. There's no confusion in setting the time/date, or turning down the volume, etc etc.Suffice to say I'm in love with this little device. Not only is it sleek & nice to look at, but it produces great quality photos/videos and is easy to use as well. I'd recommend it to ANYONE, literally, whether you're looking for a camera to take landscape pictures on vacation, portraits of family members or pets, or self-portraits. It's an all-around, great camera, and the best I've EVER seen to date (certainly out performs all my friends and family members cameras at group occasions!). If you're like me, this is one purchase you're certain to be glad you made--money well spent!