I initially bought this camera, but after a few days of using it, while I was happy with the photos it produces, I could not get past all the things about it that i did not like.- The lack of audio on movies.  How much would a microphone have cost Olympus to put in??  Seems sort of a waste to even have the movie feature at all without sound.- The motor, I've read it before, and must agree, it sounds like each time the lens comes whirring out of it's shell, it will be the last time.  God awful sound.  Cannot get away from the feeling that they REALLY cut some corners making this camera- ....- Shape and size.  This camera is too large in odd ways.  It is small and large all at once.  Hard to explain, but that is how it felt.  It will not fit in a jacket pocket, forget about a shirt pocket or pants pocket.  The shape is awkward.  While I was holding it, I kept having the feeling like I would drop it if I did not pay attention to the fact that I was holding it.- Last but not least.  The batteries!  I initially thought, well with AA support, I'll never be without batteries as long as I can find a corner store in my hour of need.  What a mistake.  Within the first 2 days I went through 3 sets of 4 batteries.  I really did not think this through.  In retrospect, to me given the availability of lithium battery technology, it would be like buying a laptop computer that used D alkalin batteries for power.  People would laugh at the idea.  They should too when it comes to alkalin and Digital CamerasI ended up returning this camera and moving up a bit to a better camera and am SO much happier.  I bought a Canon S30 and it fulfilled ALL the things I found lacking in the Olympus 3020.  Given that it came with a rechargable lithium battery and charger, if I had kept the Olympus and bought rechargable AA batteries and charger, I would have only spent around 50 more dollars.My last comment in the hopes that some Olympus employee will actually read this and take some action is this.  I mainly bought this camera because I had an Olympus 35MM film camera and loved it (still do!).  It lacked all the things that I had come to expect with my film camera.  Why they could not have used the same camera shell is beyond me.  They do on their lower end models.  I guess that square, awkward shape is a "feature??"