I love the D20!! The lens that comes with the kit is not as bad as posted. Look above at pics I posted last night in the photo share area above.  It is really what you do with it.  It is small, light weight, which is a plus. It isn't an L lens, but it is worth having fun finding it's plus's.  It is a fun lens to start out with if you have just started your Canon lens collection and have no other lens to work until you get better.  Someone just starting with an SLR camera could do fine with this set, or with the Rebel XT and this lens. I just purchased the Canon 70-300 IS USM DO Zoom Lens and haven't had time to really put it to the test yet, but so far I really like the size and am looking forward to investigating its abilities and possibilities for the Motocross track.  So if you are wondering if you should purchase just the body or the kit, I would say if you are starting with Canon and don't have a wide zoom lens as yet, don't be swayed by the pros to not buy the kit.  For an extra $70, the kit is great and you will always have a pretty good little, light weight, backup. I have used it for a week while waiting for my new lenses to arrive and have had a great time. The camera of course has been alot of the fun too.  I started with the Rebel XT.  At first, I thought I wanted a smaller camera, but then found that the bigger lenses made holding the XT too hard for a long time.  My hands are not big, I am a lady, but it still didn't feel right, so I exchanged it for the D20.  I am glad I did.  I love the ease of use and changing settings as I think it is easier than the Rebel.  Also the D20 is faster and I have really noticed that.  As for the kit lens, if you are going to walk around for a long time and don't want to have the weight of a richer lens sometimes, this will work quite well as it is an 18-55, which is a nice range for just fun stuff.  As for the camera: I have just changed from another name brand manufacturer, which I have been with for sometime and am so happy for the change.  I never expected I would switch from ----- to Canon, but am sooo happy I did.  :>)