Why, oh why did I not read the negative reviews on this camera before I bought it? I got so wrapped up on the camera's "capabilities" and all the positive reviews I was sure it was the ideal camera for me. I take a lot of photos, just novice but am able to get decent shots out of my old Sony Cybershot DSC-W80. I was looking for a bigger zoom and the HD video feature stood out on the Panasonic.First, the camera is not intuitive. Second, it is bigger and bulkier than I expected. There are a lot of non user-friendly features that I was unhappy with and the camera just didn't seem to fit well in my hand -- always bumped the dial to a different setting. I used the camera for two weeks with no real increase in picture quality compared to the old Sony.Then, all of a sudden, my LCD screen went bezerk. It had a rainbow of vertical lines that made the screen worthless and camera worthless since there isn't a viewfinder. I then went to the negative reviews and noticed that another user had the same problem and contacted Panasonic for warranty repair. After reading what happened to the other user though, I had very low expectations: "The warranty department stated that NO EXTERNAL DAMAGE IS COVERED AT ALL. Regardless of the fact that my camera was clearly brand new, and that this was obviously some defect in the camera or screen, Panasonic was unwilling to stand by their product. Instead Panasonic stated "We can replace your unit with a factory reconditioned unit. This product, its operation and its appearance is like that of a new unit and it carries a 90 day warranty." The cost would be an additional $135.50 for this reconditioned unit. So basically I would pay $535.50 for a reconditioned camera with a 90 day warranty." This is verbatim what happened to my camera. There was NO damage whatsoever to the camera but they claimed it was "ABUSED" and therefore not covered under warranty. I am completely outraged and have asked for my camera just to be sent back without repair. I told Panasonic I would rather spend the additional money on a new Canon SD800IS (which is the one I was considering) than to give a company with such poor customer service more money. I know a lot of people like this camera but BUYER BEWARE...you are screwed if you get a lemon camera. $400 down the drain...