I have had this camera for around 6 months now. It is not my first digital camera, but I am also not a photo expert. This is a good compromise camera for people in similar positions.I bought this camera primarily for hiking trips because you can't ask those mountains to back up to fit in the picture. It is wonderful for this purpose. Outdoor shots, especially on a sunny day, are crisp and colorful. I never realized how much I would use the wide angle lens. I use it for almost everything now.Panorama stitching is not hard to use. However, because there is no viewfinder, one must attempt to stitch using the screen. On a sunny day outdoors, this is extremely difficult. However, as others have mentioned, the stitching would be just fine for realtors or other indoor use.However, indoor shots are this camera's weakness. The colors never look quite right, and most pictures appear somewhat grainy. I have used other mid-tier consumer digital cameras, and I know that many have this same problem. If you want the camera for taking photos of your kid's first step, maybe another camera would be better.Picture taking is fairly fast. It's not the fastest, but I can finally get shots of my dog, who was always out of range with my slow focus older camera.The video works well, and the mic is fine as long as there is no wind. Our indoor graduation videos were perfectly audible, despite the distance, but my outdoor videos on a breezy day were almost inaudible.Some complain about it, but I actually like the docking station. I can quickly recharge and upload without digging up separate cords, which means I never forget to recharge. The battery seems to last pretty well too.Once, in the middle of a trip, I turned on the camera, and it could not read the memory card. After a minor freak-out, I popped the card, put it back in, and everything was working. Plus, none of my pictures were lost.The silent and flash-less "museum mode" is mixed in with many other scene options. I wish it were easier to locate when one is in a hurry.A stabilizer would be better than the blur notification. Also, I would love a viewfinder because I hold the camera more steady that way and because the screen is hard to see on a sunny day, even though it is a bright screen compared to most. But I suppose there is just no room for a viewfinder in such a small camera.It's not the perfect camera, but it is small and simple for those on the go, and the wide-angle lens is definitely worth giving up a lot of other features.