because that's pretty much where it sits.  Now, it's not a bad camera, but I'm concerning myself here with how it lives up to the expectations and promises surrounding its new Super CCD sensor.The Fuji EXR technology is in its infancy with this camera, and, while I don't find that it delivers nearly as fine, high-contrasty photos as advertised, it's a great technological step forwards.  The science behind it is a great idea (there are plenty of places that describe the Super CCD EXR sensor's photosite layout and processing strategy in more detail than I can here), though I do find it somewhat questionable to advertise a camera as a 10MP camera when the photos taken with its key "EXR" features slice the number of actual pixels in half, leaving one with 5MP photos on what is, effectively, a 5MP camera when one uses that key feature.Now, there's nothing wrong with a 5MP camera.  That's plenty of pixels for great snaps.  But this really isn't a great snapping camera in my opinion.  One can essentially set it on the default automatic settings for the EXR or other modes, but the results are inconsistent.The camera lens lacks a gyro for image stabilization, so it likes to bump up ISO, ridiculously so sometimes, to ensure a sharp image.  On the automatic settings, it's not uncommon for the camera to flash and set ISO to 400 or 800 in full sun.  That's just ridiculous.  Digital Noise easily becomes a significant issue, and I have not found that this sensor is any less noisy at high ISOs than other point 'n shoots.And that's really why this camera spends its time on a shelf -- to me, it's not really a point 'n shoot.  As others have correctly indicated, with a lot of manual configuration, one can get some very fine shots.  But, who, honestly, is going to buy this camera planning to override all default and auto settings to milk every last drop of IQ one can get out of the camera?  A little camera like this is going to be chosen, first and foremost, as a point 'n shoot.  And, I just don't see that the pictures out of it are remarkably better than what I can get out of my other two like-sized cameras, and if I want really contrasty photos, I'm going to pull out my D-SLR anyway.  For my personal use, there's just no real appropriate, convenient, or niche use for this camera, and that's why it stays on my shelf.Rather than buying this model, I'd wait until the just-released Fujifilm FinePix F300EXR 12MP Digital Camera with 15x Wide-Angle Zoom and 3.0-Inch LCD becomes more widely available and, even more importantly, more widely reviewed.  Right now on Amazon.com, its average review is 3.5 stars, so I'm not all that encouraged....