I have read the other reviews of this camera & found it odd that the things others are complaining about are exactly what I loved about my Kodak V1233.  I am a photography student as well as an avid photographer.  I received the Kodak Easyshare as a gift & absolutely loved it!  I'm not sure of the exact settings I used, but I thought it took excellent photographs in dark environments, in florescent lighting, and other very poor lighting conditions.  Of course, the pictures were basically perfect when the lighting conditions were perfect, but I always achieved great results even with poor lighting.  It amazed me that I was able to take pictures no matter what the conditions were without changing barely any settings.  I've never had these results with any other camera & have owned many different brands (including Sony, Nikon, Fuji, and Kodak).Unfortunately for me, my son dropped the camera at a birthday party & it cost over $70 plus shipping costs for me to send it back to Kodak to fix because it wasn't under warranty.  I had the camera for about 2 1/2 years before this happened (with no problems I might add).  I then purchased another camera exactly like my old one on Craigs List, but unfortunately for me, the screen was broken by the time I received it.  I thought this must be a sign that I shouldn't purchase another one.  It has always been a dream of mine to own a Nikon camera, but didn't think I could afford one.  I purchased one on ebay (the Nikon Coolpix 10MP) and wish every single day that I still had my Kodak V1233.I develop tons of pictures every month (over 250) and was never disappointed when I picked up my prints with the Kodak camera.I do agree with the other reviews that it is slighty inconvenient that the camera can only charge via a USB port on your computer.  I have a laptop & it takes forever to load & everytime I wanted to charge my camera, I would have to wait 10 or 15 minutes before actually connecting it.  I did end up purchasing a charger online, but it wasn't a Kodak brand and it turned out breaking within a few months (because the prongs on the electrical portion were junk).Overall, I think this camera is great for beginners or for anyone who loves photography.  You have the option of using all automatic settings (for beginners) or you can mess with the settings & find what you like (for more advanced photographers).