This review has nothing to do with the product as it hasn't yet shipped; which is the reason for this review. This is all about Digital Pavilion Electronics LLC. Since I cannot yet access the Feedback area, I'm using the Review area.Within minutes of placing this order, Amazon responded with a confirmation. Two days later the sub-vendor indicated that the order would ship six days after order receipt. It seems unreasonable that a vendor would take that long to ship an order for a single item that is reportedly in stock.1 Oct 2010:  This camera was purchased after a great deal of research into many review sites online (sometimes it feels like there are just too many choices -- just kidding).  The camera has arrived and I've updated my ratings based on initial use of the camera for it's intended purpose -- that being as a camera for my wife who hadn't taken any photos since the Polaroid SX-70 days.  Setup was easy and aided by a very clear LCD display and step-by-step stroll through the screens with the user's manual at hand.We were both taking very good photos in short order.  I also created some short movies to test the functionality and was pleased with the results this little camera produced.  The SDHC cards need to be Class 6 for video and it took a call to Tech Support to learn that as I didn't find it in the specs nor in my reading of the manual (I later realized I had missed that information which was embedded within the text of the manual but not where I would have expected it).  Do order a SDHC card with the camera, if you don't have one, as the internal memory is minimal.This is not a Nikon F3, nor a D3x, in build quality or output.  Nor does it fall in that price range.  It is a great little "purse" or "pocket" camera for a less experienced photographer and a good quick-use camera for the more experienced when it just doesn't make sense to break out the bigger SLR.So far, I strongly recommend this camera, as I said above, for our intended purpose.  Next up, my wife will be taking wedding and grandchildren photos.