I bought this camera when it first came out in 2004.  I've had a number of Fuji as well as other digital cameras, both P &S; and DSLRs and had taken close to 1,000 images from this unit alone.  I've had a problem only one time, when I accidentally bumped the lens while it was open. It got jammed and the lens wouldn't retract.  I gently tugged on the lens and got it to shut it down.  I turned it back on and it worked OK without any problems since then.  Why a review now?  Well, I've used many number of digital cameras since 2002 and in hindsight, there were many cameras that I regretted purchasing, but this unit is not one of them despite what others had to say.  Some of my most memorable pictures were taken with E550 and if you understand the limitations, it takes fantastic pictures.PRO: It has a large sensor (1/1.7) for a compact camera - it matters if you are planning on blowing up the pic larger than 8x10.  It has full manual controls and useful 12 megapixel interpolated setting.  It has a sharp lens. It takes AA batteries (this maybe con to some).  Fast turn on and fast shutter - ready to shoot 1 second after you turn it on. Pretty impressive for a P&S;, in 2004!  It has a classic good looks of a retro rengefinder with optical viewfinder - useful when taking pictures on a bright day.CON: To get good pics indoors, you have to hold the camera very steady.ISO setting over 200 is useless.  To improve the indoor pictures, I use a small bracket and a slave flash in a bounce mode - this set up will improve any P&S;'s indoor pictures 1000 fold better.  Try it.  As for the battery, unless you use a fresh AA alkalines, it sometimes won't take as many pictures.  It is fickle with used half discharged AA alkalines.  At first, I thought the camera was broken but when I used different batteries, it worked fine.  I hate fiddling with most NiMH rechargeables as they tend to lose charge too quickly in storage. Sanyo brand Eneloop technology NiMH are only ones I would recommend as far as rechargeables go. It can be expensive but I now use disposable lithium batteries.  Since it is not my primary camera, with lithium batteries, it is ready to use without having to worry about dead batteries as lithium batteries have incredible shelf life.  Flash recharges somewhat slowly but no worse than other P&Ss.;  Shape is slightly bulky.  Too big for a pocket but not for a purse or a book bag.I paid $330 when it first came out. If you can get one on the cheap, say under $80, then it still merits consideration.  Sellers on Amazon have them priced too high.  Try eBay.  I think it takes better picture than many current P&S; around $100-$150.