I've owned this camera since it first came out in 2003, and since I'm not a qualified camera "expert", I want to give you my thoughts on this camera. I'm giving this review as someone who is relatively new to digital "point-and-shoot" photography...First and foremost, study the Nikon manual. Then study it some more. The controls are overwhelming at times, provided you are a neo-phyte like myself.Second, for exterior photography on the normal setting, this camera cannot be beat! It is exceptional. The images are clear, clean, and colors are spectacular. I've photographed NASCAR at the California Speedway, and other events like the Coronado Speed Festival, etc., and the outdoor shots look great. Now for the indoor-shooting...This is where the camera gets its two star rating from me. I do not know how to select the manual control on-the-fly. I've tried to set up controls to shoot indoor photography, but I don't have weeks and weeks to learn the settings. I've photographed people who are standing completely still, slightly moving (my kids), low lighting conditions, fair lighting conditions, and still cannot get proper images to come out.The indoor photography is pitiful, as the colors are yellowish, muted, and nearly 90% of the time, the images are all blurred. The pop-up light is only good for 5-8 feet at best. I took some special shots of people who were stationary, and it appeared that the photo looked "good" when zooming in and out with the control. When I downloaded the CF card to my PC, the images were always blurred and the colors were way off.Mind you, I'm not a camera professional like many of the reviewers here, but rather I'm just an average "Joe" who would like to have decent indoor pictures that looked natural and were not blurred.I would sell this thing on Ebay if I could get more than a few hundred dollars for it, but I've already invested over $1,200 for the snap-on lens adaptors and protective lens cover which keeps the retractable lens from getting damaged. I bought this from a company in Canada back in 2003.All in all I'm happy with the exterior photos, but am very, very, disappointed with indoor pictures. I guess this thing requires a lot of tweaking, and many, many hours of studying the little manual that Nikon has provided.I would stay away from this and save your money for the newer Digital SLR's. I've had this for over four years now, and just wanted to write a review based on my experiences with this camera.Just a thought...