The quality of the pictures are just amazing with this camera.  I personally took a chance with the whole E18 error and have not had it happen to me yet.  However even the sales folks at the local electronics store knew about the error and were looking forward to the A80 not having the same thing happen to it.  Let's hope so...but there are other issues out there with this camera.  The main one is for those of us out there that will be using AA batteries and rechargeable batteries.  It seems as though the A70 is a bit picky when it comes to changing out the batteries.  You can put in 4 brand new cells (all from the same brand) and the camera will reject the new batteries.  The message that is presented is "change battery pack".  By playing musical chairs with the batteries it will work after some dancing.  But this should not be necessary.So that is the negative stuff.  Here is the positive stuff that you will really enjoy to read.  We purchased the camera in September from Ritz.com off of this site.  You may read some reviews stating that the camera is heavy due to the batteries.  This may be true.  4 AA batteries can be heavy.  However the batteries are situated where the palm of your hand will be gripping the camera.  This provides a great feel for the product that feels like quite a bit of thought went into it.  The pictures will be bragged about it the other hundreds of reviews for the A60, 70 and 80 models so I will just concur with them stating that they are all subjective.  The functions on the camera are as intuitive to operate as say a Sony product who is usually the leader in this area.  Not to say that the Sony line is inferior but just to say that this would be a complimentary statment to Canon.  Oh and yes I nearly forgot.  The software that comes with this camera is really top notch considering what it can do.  It is so user friendly and makes you feel like you got everything under control with how to download and then email each image.  Thanks for reading and if the A70 ends up being your choice you won't be sorry.  I hope you enjoy the camera as much as we have.Update March 22, 04 "E18 error"  The error is the end of my fond and brief relationship with this camera.