Aaah, Kodak! My first digital camera was a Kodak several years ago (C300). It served me quite well for a long time and thousands of photos.  But I began wanting something a bit more up-to-date and high-quality.  I have owned several other brands since buying that first faithful camera, but almost all have quit working while the C300 still gets the job done (if the pictures are low resolution).So, when I began shopping for a new camera - I was favoring Kodak.  My experiance has been that their WasyShare line cameras are generally well-built, reliable camera (if sometimes a bit quirky).I found the Z812is back in June when my family and I were planning a week-long vacation.  The resolution was pretty impressive (at 8.2mp).  The 12x Optical Zoom seemed useful, and the price (at that time) was decent.I did not review this camera immediately, because I wanted to really put this camera through it's paces.I'm not a professional photographer by any means, though I do take a pretty good family/scenic shot from time to time if I do say so myself.  But this is a great camera for still photos.  The colors are sharp, the features are useful and plentiful, and the camera is easy to use.  Here are some of my findings.Pros;1) Good resolution (enlarge to 16 x 22 with no real pixelation).2) Zoom (gets you right into the shot from a distance).3) weight (I find that a heavier camera is often easier to hold steady).4) Manual button controls (I do not like the trend of some toward touch-screen and heavily menu based controls) but this camera has REAL button controls.Cons;1) Video feature (Video looks pretty good, but the audio is horrible if you are in a noisy location).2) You really do need the lithium-ion battery pack (but you can get a generic that is cheaper than the name brand).3) Start-up time (I find this camera to be a bit slow when first turning it on, so power up in anticipation of that once-in-a-lifetime shot).In conclusion - If you want a great (CONSUMER-LEVEL) point and shoot camera with a great zoom, this is it.If you want a camera that does well with video - look into an actual video camera. But for the family photographer - this is a great investment.By the way - you WILL need to pick up an SD/SDHC card as the file size of one photo tends to be in the 1.3mb plus range.  I suggest at least a four gig card because they are so cheap now.