I bought this camera after owning the EX-S3 (3.2) Casio card camera for a year. I took the other camera with me on a military deployment and it stood up to sand, heat, humidity and then freezing cold, so I already knew that this line of cameras is very hardy. This camera exceeds all expectations. It has a large screen, takes movies with sound, snapshots to which you can add a voice tag if you wish, and has a variety of snapshot modes for black and white, extreme closeups, portraits, sepia tones and split images where you take one half of the photo and then the second half with another subject in it. It takes excellent pictures at night. There is very little distortion for low light pictures or movies. Learning the indicators and modes is easy and intuitive. This camera is not as small as the 3.2 or 4.0 megapixel cameras - it is thicker, but still able to sit in a shirt pocket (not a pants pocket). The battery life exceeds the EX-S3 model by at least 300 photos. Cons: 1)No camera case. 2) Extra batteries cost a lot. I advise not buying an "off-market" battery, because they don't quite fit in this camera. I have bought two and they were too short to make a decent contact. So stick to the Casio battery. 3) Manual is on a CD - you have to print it out yourself or look at it on a computer screen.My best success with this camera was using the extreme closeup mode (called "macro mode") to take pictures of old snapshots in a family album. I didn't use a tripod, I held the camera in my hands and the pictures were phenomenal. I was able to focus in on one person in a group shot and my photo looked as though that was the original - of just that person. This is an esoteric use, but I was pleasantly surprised. I agree with one reviewer here who says to get a 1GB memory card - definitely needed or you may run out of memory space after taking movies and snapshots for hours. One last thing: you can change the size of the photos you take, from email size to a size that you can make a poster out of. You can also take a picture then later crop the photo to focus on one item more closely, while you are looking at the photo on the camera's screen. There are several features that this camera has, but you don't find out unless you get into the manual a bit. I recommend this highly.