I bought the A75 and was very disappointed in the quality of pictures.  It said it was Auto, but you better know a lot about photography so you can set it all manually.  I wanted a quick point and shoot camera.  The photos I took looked fine on the camera monitor, but when I brought it up on my computer they were dark.  The only easy thing about it is the menu and settings, etc.  But after 3 days of reading and trying to understand the thick book that came with it,  I gave up and took it back.  To me if I have to spend days trying to figure out how to operate something, it isn't worth having.  I ordered the Olympus Camedia D-580 and I love it!  VERY easy to understand, pictures 100 times better and they come up on my computer and look beautiful.  With the Cannon,  every person and dog had glassy yellow or red eye and I tried Auto and manually put it on red eye reduction, but still their eyes looked horrible. I'm sure if I went in and manually set whatever the professionals set, the eyes would have been fine, but I'm not a professional.  I want something simple and easy and fast.  Olympus - the eyes were PERFECT!  Blue eyes and brown eyes - no shine - no glassiness - no red.  Oylmpus instructions were a lot easier to understand and explained more, but yet in 1/4th of the pages it took cannon.  Cannons book - you have to keep refering back to other pages because it will say  "Refer to page such and such".  I don't have time to sit and keep fliping around to different pages. Also Cannons softwear - the 1st day my new XP computer reconized the cannon, the 2nd day  it would not reconize it.  Olympus camera - you don't need to load softwear at all if you don't want to - the computer will reconize it and you can bring the photos up in any program.The cannon would be fine for a person that knows a lot about photography and all the meanings, settings, etc.  but for an amature - I say go with Olympus.  And if you want your pictures to come out clearer and better on your computer to print  - go with Olympus.