This camera is loaded with professional features that others have done a much better job detailing than I possibly could.  The main takeaway for an amateur is that if you choose to learn a lot more about photography, you're not going to need to upgrade your camera to keep up -- it's there and waiting for you to advance.But forgetting all that, there are two good reasons for stepping up to this camera over the lesser consumer ones (if you can afford it) even if you're never going to use all those features.1. Picture quality -- absolutely awesome.  Even if you do nothing more than learn what 3 or 4 of the different point and shoot modes do, you'll feel like a pro with the quality of images that come out of this.  There's one dial to turn to choose your mode -- you can keep it on the all purpose green mode, or switch to a portrait (which gives that cool blurred background look), or sports mode, or night mode.  There are a couple others, but these are the main ones I use.  The images are simply far superior to anything I took with mid-range cameras ($500ish) in the past.2. Speed.  My biggest complaint with lesser cameras is the time it takes (1) to turn on, (2) from pressing the shutter to getting the picture (the kids are in a different spot than when I started the picture) and (3) the write time between pictures.  Those are completely solved with this camera.  It turns on right away.  The "shutter lag" (2) is negligible.  And it has a buffer to store a number of pictures in cache to write out to the disk so you can rapid fire pictures in an action situation.For family photos, this is a pretty big investment.  But given that these memories are "priceless" and given the quantity of pictures we print -- if I look at it on a monthly basis it seems worth it to step up from the mid-range consumer cameras.Downsides to consider (relative to lower end cameras):- This is big -- it's a lot to carry around- It's clearly expensive and you'll probably want to add on to it with an extra lens, a flash, high speed storage card, etc.