I love small cameras and I have bought many since 2000.  My first digital camera was a Fuji, so I have an affinity for the brand.The Fuji FinePix F200EXR exceeds my expectations for a small camera.  Once the original settings are tweaked, this camera produces excellent pictures.Out of the box, the camera leans towards the very high end of the ISO range.  Before changing any settings, the first picture I took was taken at ISO 800.  Pictures taken using a high ISO tend to be very grainy.  I prefer to use as low an ISO as possible.  The lowest ISO of the F200EXR is 100.  I would have preferred the lowest ISO to be 64, but 100 still produces nice pictures.  When taking pictures using any small camera, I never set the ISO over 200.After changing the settings, the pictures looked beautiful.  First, I put the camera in "p" mode and changed the ISO to default to 100.  Then, I changed the color mode from neutral to vivid.  The colors of the images were striking once in vivid mode using ISO 100.This camera is great with greens, blues, reds, and purples.  The color is vibrant.  Keep in mind that when zooming in 100% or more, there is noticeable fringing.  This is typical of small cameras and I have noticed similar effects with my Olympus 770SW and Ricoh R6.The F200EXR has a couple of features none of my other small cameras has.  The first is a mode that takes one picture using natural light, followed by another picture with a flash.  The second is a mode that allows the user to take pictures continuously by holding down the shutter button.In terms of size, this camera is slightly bigger than the Ricoh R6.  It's slightly smaller than the Olympus 770SW and the Canon SD850IS.  The Fuji is a heavy camera and weighs about as much at the Olympus (which is encased in metal).  Further, the Fuji screen is significantly larger and prettier than any of my other small cameras and I have uploaded a picture for a size comparison purposes.My one complaint about the Fuji is that I wish it had a higher zoom.  5x optical zoom is good, but not great for a camera in this price range.  However, few camera manufacturers make tiny cameras with higher optical zoom.  Canon offers the SX110IS, but despite Canon marketing it as a tiny camera, it is significantly larger than the Fuji.Overall, the Fuji is a great camera that takes nice pictures.  It can easily fit in a purse or a shirt pocket.  It feels sturdy and well built.  Although, I wish it had higher optical zoom, I am very happy with this camera.  Out of the box, the images are grainy, however, I highly recommend to change the default ISO settings.  It will make a huge difference.