We researched DSLR's extensively before deciding which one to purchase, and we do not regret choosing the K-x!  This is our first DSLR, so it was important that the camera be user-friendly for beginners and still be able to grow with us as we learn more about photography.Before purchasing the K-x, we debated between the Nikon D5000, Sony Alpha A230, Canon Rebel XS, and Canon Rebel T1i.  Going down the list of specifications, the K-x was the best choice for pretty much everything - especially once price was factored in.  We couldn't find anyone in our area who has used a Pentax DSLR, so we had to rely on web reviews to compare it to the Canons, Sony and Nikon.  We played with the other DSLR's in the camera shops before buying our camera, but couldn't find any Pentax's in the camera shops near us.  When we finally got our camera, we decided the Pentax did really well by comparison.First, the "Auto" mode on this camera is not the best of the entry-level cameras.  If that's the setting you prefer, the Rebel T1i is the better camera.  However, if you're comfortable adjusting the white balance, aperture, shutter, etc, this entry-priced camera will seem more like a mid-range camera.  Since we learned how to use it, we've taken great pictures with the K-x!  The white balance settings have a great range for portraying accurate colors, there is little noise at high ISO, and the two lenses are all you need for most situations.One thing we weren't expecting (but is apparently pretty common) was a dirty sensor right out of the box.  Our camera had one really large particle and a bunch of smaller specks that spotted most of our pictures the first few weeks.  Cleaning the sensor is an easy fix, but it'll cost you $40 or more if you don't know how to do it yourself.  The dust on the sensor isn't really a knock against Pentax or Amazon, it's just a side-effect of shipping that you should be aware of.Speaking of Amazon and shipping...we got the camera in 3 days using standard shipping - a day earlier than expedited shipping was predicted to deliver.  Amazon rocks!