Canon has another winner in its new S330 model. It has the following positives,1. Excellent looks, build quality.2. Great night shots, not found on any other compact 250gms camera, new long shutter feature in manual mode for upto 15 secs.3. Very reliable and tons of features like charger works all over the worls, PAL/NTSC video out, all cables included (unlike Sony).4. Accepts cheaper Compact Flash cards which are easily available in sizes upto 256MB. Not expensive 64MB sticks here :)5. Very much pocketable. Easily goes into the trouser pockets. Slightly tough to fit into jeans pocket though. Look at S200 if you want even smaller camera.6. 2.1 MP may looks low compared to other 3/4 MP cameras but this one offers more features without sticking you with any sticks ! Don't just use MPixels as your sole criteria when selecting camera. If you won't print them bigger than 8x10" then 2MP should be enough for now unless you have that extra cash :)7. 3x zoom very faster to start and fold back. Works smoothly. You can turn the digital zoom off permanently.8  LCD is superb, pictures look great on the 1.5" LCD. (a bigger 1.8" LCD on other need not neccessarily mean better quality, my last years Fuji had 1.8" and comes no where near this 1.5")9. Great user interface... think of these Elph's as Nokia's of digicams. Other cheaper camera's out there might not have same reliability, features, user interface and picture quality.Problems,1. Battery... lasts on 120 shots or so...  you WILL have to buy a second one for extra [money].2. The battery/CF doors feel flimsy. There are not made of metal but of plastic which looks like silver colored metal. But this much better than an all plastic one !3. Canon's ZoomBrowser EX software is very unstable. It keeps crashing every few mins on Windows XP. Canon needs to iron out the problems in this. After buying an expensive camera atleast its SW should be reliable ! (Atlhough I haven't encountered any problems downloading pics till now, I don't see any reason to buy a CF card reader, this works fine with the cable, took just 3 mins for 100 big pictures)4. Price is still high for a 2MP camera, although its become much more affordable than last year.5. Movie mode is almost useless because of 5 sec limit on decent sized clip. Its just a marketing thing. Same with the audio/mic on camera.6. Included CF card is just 8MB ! (it costs [money] to get a 32MB card for bulk purchases). Someone has to start including these necessary things like a decent 64MB card along with new cameras.Spend few extra bucks on this cool camera and you won't regret !