The FinePix 200 is the 4th pocket digital I've owned. This is the first one that rivals the "shootability" of my big Nikon SLR. The first big issue is speed. This camera starts up and is ready to shoot in a second - literally. It is also the first and only pocket camera I've used that lacks that annoying half-second delay between the time you press the shutter and it actually takes the picture. For me, this is crucial for capturing that "special moment" when taking snaps of family, friends and pets.Next issue is picture quality. This camera takes incredibly sharp pictures. My wife and I were shocked to find that this camera takes sharper pictures than our Nikon D200 when handheld. This is no doubt due to the image stabilization technology built into the Fuji camera (I haven't yet coughed up the big bucks for stabilized Nikor lenses).Another huge factor is the excellent software built into this camera. With every previous camera I've owned, including my big Nikon, I'm always "gaming" the automatic program defaults in order to get the colors or the contrast right on the shot. With the FinePix, there's none of that. I set this camera to the full auto "EXR" mode and leave it there. So far, I have rarely disagreed with the settings chosen by the camera.A final word about EXR mode. I like to shoot pictures of my friends at parties. With other cameras, this means either using the flash (boo!) or cranking the ISO up to the max and getting grainy photos. This camera has the unique ability to "gang together" light from 2 sensor elements into a single pixel on the final picture, enabling you to shoot with a lower ISO. In this mode the camera has incredible low-light performance. At the cost of shooting at 6Mpixels instead of 12 (fine, unless you want to enlarge past 6x8") you can shoot without a flash in most situations.Physically, this camera isn't the sexiest, but it fits well in the hand and the controls all make sense.Battery life is so-so, especially if you use it in "fast-focus" mode. I'd recommend buying a second battery if you travel or go on extended photo shoots.