I went on the hunt for a new "point and shoot camera". The one I was carrying used a memory card that is about to be discontinued. I have a DSLR but it is not always practical to carry.  While searching web sites I read all of the reviews and decided to buy this one. The complaints were mostly about battery life. I tend to ignore bad reviews that do not involve the product but other things like delivery.I liked the look and size of this camera and found it had come down in price, which usually means they are about to introduce another model. I was about to take a trip with my daughter and never expected to get it in time.  It came the day before we left. I didn't have time to read the manual but put it together while I looked over the quick start booklet. I took a picture of my son, in the house with plenty of light etc. I just knew the photo would be over exposed or maybe too much red in the face. I was amazed at the flesh tone. Not only was it natural, it was exactly as he looked. I read later that it has a feature to correct skin tone and it works great.We went to a personal appearance of a celebrity and had to sit in the nose bleed section, tickets were sold out in 2 hours. My daughter took her camera also. The section was dark with the usual spotlight on the stage. I changed the "scene" setting to indoor/party and was prepared to change several times until I got the right effect. After about the third shot, my daughter put her camera away. Her photos couldn't compare with mine for color and clarity. It was a Nikon also, but 2 or 3 years old. I posted some of my photos on Facebook and some of my friends asked if we were really that close to the stage. The zoom and focus couldn't have worked better.When we left the event the next day we had to drive home through the snow. I took many pictures on this trip and the battery never went dead. I plan to buy a spare like my son did but so far I've not had any problems. A lot of people either don't know how or just don't use the "scene" feature.  They are really missing out on some great pictures. I tell my friends it is like using the f-Stop on the SLR at a much cheaper price.The battery thing is something I really expected. When these cameras first came out it was apparent that using the screen to view your photos was a battery drain along with the zooming and flash. Now that they no longer have view finders, we will just have to live with it. If it is a real concern, invest in a spare battery but you can't beat the camera for photo quality.Linda