I just received my Canon S200 and have done some test shooting.  The bottom line is that this camera will take great pictures in the auto mode if you want a point-and-click camera, and it has plenty of advanced features if you're a more experienced user.  Like any camera, however, you can't rely on the auto settings to get it right every time, so a little photography 101 homework is necessary.... The few negative comments (in my humble opinion) were mostly not THAT negative, or they were buyers who hadn't figured out the basics of digital photography. ...Asides from the excellent picture quality, you'll be pleased with the quality construction of the camera - all stainless steel except for the memory card and battery doors - not big deal, although it would of been nice to see it all stainless on the outside.  But rest assured, you won't find a camera built much better than this.  The feel/operation of the control buttons are that of precision manufacturing.  The LCD display is excellent, as is the menu set up.Some reviewers mentioned the need for a larger memory card than the suplied 8MB.  The 8MB card will hold only 7 shots on the highest quality / picture size setting, but I would only use that setting for printing or photo development. The camera takes very nice shots on the lowest quality/picture size setting,  which makes a approx. 79kb file - great for emailing...and you'll get 87 shots on the 8MB card!  You might find somewhere in between is best for you - you can always buy a larger card later.  Battery life isn't bad for moderate use - about an hour or so...it works for me, but a second battery for travel might be an idea (make sure you get the newer NB-1LH (840 mAh) battery that comes with the camera if you can). The supplied documentation is very good.  The movie setting, like most still cameras, is nothing to write home about.  It's good for a short "merry Christmas" to e-mail out. The microphone works very well. Buy a proper movie camera if you want to do serious movies.I was ready to buy a low-end [camera], but for a bit more got the S200 from Amazon that is MUCH more feature-packed, more compact, a much better performer, and of higher quality construction by far.Five stars!