I've had the camera for about 10 days.  It's the second digital camera for me -- so I have something to compare it against.  The first one was a FujiPhoto with very similiar features, but 2.3 Mpixels.  If you haven't owned a digital camera I can see where you might think the Nikon is difficult to use.  After having explored and used all the features, I give the Nikon an "A" for ease of use.  The advantage is that the features most often needed are available through readily available buttons, thumbwheels, or a combination of the two as opposed to deeply nested screen menus.  If all you want to do is shoot vacation photos, you shouldn't spend $$$$ for a camera.  On the other hand, to take advantage of the camera you must spend a few hours with the manual and machine.  The Nikon will reward you.The quality is noticeably better -- for at least two reasons.  One, the Nikon has 5 Mpixels and then the Nikon glass is reputed to be very good.  The lens seems to make for about 2/3 the size and weight of the camera.  I'm not sure you would notice the difference between 3x5 photos taken at the company picnic, but get into the fine or high size and use the macro lens for closeup photos of flowers and the detail stands out.On the critical side I have a few comments.  Someone else has mentioned the size of the review screen and I agree its a bit small -- smaller than the Fuji even.  But then again it does swivel and the camera has a good viewfinder to boot.  I've adapted to the size without problem.  One annoyance I've found is having to reset the timer after each shot when shooting on the tripod.  I don't do that very often -- and who knows, maybe there's a way to set it that I haven't discovered yet.  This probably applies to most digital cameras, but for me some of the options are unneccessary (e.g., sharpness, contrast, etc.).  I think the filters are better applied through photo software on the computer.  I do like the noise reduction feature, though, for long exposures.  It seems to do a better job erasing those little white spots than the computer.I like the camera and will enjoy using it.  You'll need a case for all the pieces, a CompactFlash with at least 256Mb, and an extra battery.  I also recommend a CompactFlash reader so you don't have to hook the camera to the computer and an SB-30 Nikon Speedlight flash. This small, additional flash will more than double your effective range since the camera will also use the internal one simultaneously if needed.