After almost six months of using this camera... I've decided it's one of the most versatile image and video aquisition devices I've used. I heartily recommend purchase.First, the photos. It takes really nice photos, deals well with low light and high light conditions (I have many awesome pictures shooting into the sun! Beautiful.) There are extensive automatic and manual controls. I print my photos through Apple's iPhoto (which imports well from the camera) and even after significant cropping, 4x6 photos are indistinguishable from 35mm photos.The video mode is impressive. This is a feature I didn't pay much attention to, but it really is a killer feature. I would never shlog around a video camera unless it was for special occasions where I knew there'd be lots to record. But with the PowerShot... it's small so you can take it everywhere... and it records great little videos ready for the web. Granted, its not as high of a resoulution as standard video, and the length is limited (a couple of minutes on a 128 MB CF card, but for capturing quick video (recently, of skier against a gorgeous mountain backdrop) it is priceless. QuickTime in Mac OS plays them flawlessly (even in the Finder under Mac OS X). The one caveat is not to film vertical orientation... because then there's no easy way to flip it. Did I mention it records sound?The preview mode is also good, smart enough to rotate pictures taken with a vertical orientation. And you can preview the movies (although without sound).Connecting to a Mac works well, either through the provided USB cable, or via Compact Flash card and adapter to a PC Card slot. The cable to connect to RCA input is pretty handy, as you can view pictures and video on a TV if your are away from a computer.Battery wise, there are some problems... after going through a 128 MB CF card of photos, you are going to have to recharge... that's my experience... also, there doesn't seem to be a battery indicator until you are out of power.Overall, a great investment!