I bought the S110 in December 2001 and have become a digital camera maniac. I really love this camera and have recommended it to my friends. The quality of the photos and its small size have won me over. The S200 has some of the improvements that I wish my S110 had but it is still a great camera. I have an extra battery but have only had to use it a couple of times. I charge my battery every day when I am travelling. The rechargeable battery is really a blessing. It is so convenient and quick to charge. Sometimes I wish it was a 3 or 4 megapixel camera but I'll have to wait for Canon to develop that in the future. I took the camera with me on my two plus week trip to France and took over 350 pics. That meant buying an additional 128mb card in addition to the 128,16,8 and 64 I already owned. It was barely enough. The camera worked well in low light situations(no flash used) when we wanted to photograph some of the paintings we saw on our museum tours. With a steady hand most came out pretty well considering the slow shutterspeed necessary for that kind of lighting. Where this camera mattered the most to me it through with flying colors on this trip and I was very happy with the photos of our trip. The primary reason to buy this camera is its small size and good quality photos. I carried this camera with me,usually in my pants pocket, 90% of the time I was in France. I barely knew it was there and I didn't stand out as a tourist.  I do find myself longing for a camera with more features and more megapixels but would I take it with me as much as I do now? I think not.  I do get a few unsatisfactory photos, but I think it has more to do with using the light well and setting the camera's light settings appropriately. I'm still learning how to use it.The video feature is really wonderful. It gives short clips with so-so resolution but you can be creative and catch some wonderful moments, especially with children.i would recommend the canon s30 or s40 if you can afford more and size is not a factor in your decision.  These are very highly rated cameras.