I consider myself a knowledgeable amateur and I wanted a digital camera that would let me manipulate shutter speed, aperture, etc.  The A70 has these features and will accept other lenses (wide angle, telephoto, macro) if you decide to expand later on.  It's also suitable for novices who think they might want to experiment later.The menu structure is easy to navigate through.  I love the speed at which the camera powers up and takes shots.  As with any digital, there is a lag, but it's minimal.  The thick instruction manual is a little daunting at first, but the Quick Start guide gets you going quickly.  Do read the manual, though, because it would be a shame not to learn all the tricks this pup can do, such as stitching together panoramic shots.  The autofocus works well, and even though it sometimes reports trouble getting a fix in low light, it almost always delivers a satisfactory focus.  Manual focusing is easy to do, if you decide to resort to it.  The macro mode picks up stunning detail on the highest resolution setting.  The LCD screen is tiny, but it has high resolution and crams a wealth of status and mode information into the space it has.I got about 4 hours of shooting time out of the supplied alkaline batteries the camera came with.  You'll definitely want to get a set of NiMH rechargeables, but it's nice to know that alkalines will keep you shooting in a pinch.  The camera's structure seems pretty robust, although the plastic lens over the LCD screen is probably not scratch-proof.  Buy a case.  The bundled software is excellent, too.  I've deleted all the other photo software on my computer and now I just use Canon's.  My biggest complaint is the power-saving feature, which shuts the camera down a little too soon for my taste.  It would be nice if you could set the power-off time to whatever length you want.  Also, it's a little hard to remember what the two LEDs next to the viewfinder are telling you.  There's no brightness control on the LCD screen, so it can be a little hard to see in bright sunlight, but you can always fall back on the optical viewfinder.If you just want a point-and-shoot camera, the A70's full list of capabilities may not excite you, but you'll still appreciate the high 3 megapixel resolution.  If you're an advanced amateur who occasionally likes to pretend you're a pro, to my knowledge, the A70's advanced features can't be beat at this price.