I thought I had a home run with this camera. Having been a Nikon fan for many years on a professional level I am very disappointed with the physical aspects of the camera. Pictures are great. Screen is great. Didn't use the video so I can't comment on it.First off, I order my camera through Amazon -  THANK GOODNESS!!!!The first two cameras (That's correct; it took three deliveries to get one that worked.) wouldn't charge the battery. That brought up the first short coming : The charger is in the camera therefore, unless you buy a external battery charger and another battery, which of course Nikon has available, you can't use the camera.The body is thin, real thin. I found it necessary to hold the camera with two hands just to avoid dropping it, not steadying it. Where the camera is designed to be held by only your right thumb and index finger is simply not enough. When you use two hands, I found myself holding my left index finger over the "POP UP" flash. Last more than one picture that way. Your point of concentration is on the screen more so than where your fingers are placed on the camera.My last Nikon purchase was a P 5100. I realize now why I love that camera. Exrernal Battery Charger. I didn't mind purchasing another battery. It has a "grip" in the body allowing you to hold it functionally with one hand. Best of all and something I really wasn't think about, it comes with a neck strape. There are two (2) strap connectors on the P 5100 and only one on the S 8000. I had a hard time holding the S 8000 on my wrist by the very thin strap supplied with the camera. I was affraid of swinging the camera into something whereby breaking it then having Nikon tell me it was my fault. Having a camera in a case on your belt is a waste of time to me. You miss pictures reaching for it and in your hast dropping the camera. I like the camera around my neck, ready!The S 8000 takes great pictures, agreed. It has more setting than I will ever use although someone else might. However, I would rather spend a bit more and get some of the "accepted as norm" features that I am used to from Nikon. Built in flash, a camera I can carry around your neck, a "grip" so I can use the camera with one hand. I'm sorry Nikon but you need to ask people who use camera what they are looking for before you design it. I hope this helps someone.