When I opened the box, I was excited from getting my latest gizmo.  After all, the specs and the camera look great.  I liked it immediately for it's extremely pocketable size, use of standard AA batteries, 3.2MP resolution, sleek design, and low price.  Trying it out, I noticed that it was fast and had very little shutter lag.  In addition, the camera was easy to use (though it lacked manual controls being a point-and-shoot camera).  I quickly found myself taking snapshots left and right while playing with my new 'toy'.  However, my excitement quickly turned to extreme disappointment:The image quality was horrible.Once I took a look at the pictures I took, I immediately realized the that designers got a lot of things right but skimped on what matters most in a camera:  the image quality.  Almost all of my images turned out to be extremely grainy.  The only ones that were half-way decent were outdoor shots in bright sunlight.  All my other shots (mostly indoor with moderate lighting) turned out to be unacceptably noisy.  Even then there was a fair amount of noise in all my shots.  Adding to the problem was the extreme lack of fine resolution.  Normally smooth edges appeared jagged and blurry and noise is evident even in good lighting conditions.Looking online at sample pictures, I noticed that other people had the same results.  Apparently, my camera wasn't defective.  Compared to pictures I took using other cameras (the Olympus 2100 Ultra Zoom, Nikon Coolpix 2100, and Canon SD110) and the sample pictures of many 'budget' cameras from respectable camera review sites, the image quality of the x31 is clearly inferior.It didn't take long for me to decide to send the camera back.  I had to pay a restocking fee but that's better than having a camera that I don't want to use because of poor image quality.Conclusion---------------Overall, if you just want a cheap ultra-compact for use in broad daylight only and you're not too concerned about a bit of noise and lack of fine resolution, then the DiMage x31 might suit your needs.  Otherwise, you will find much better image quality with just about any other digital camera out there (including those with lower megapixel ratings).Summary:--------------Pros:Good price (>$200)3.2MP ratingSmall sizeStandard AA batteriesStandard Media (SD/MMC)Sleek design3x optical zoomFast startupLow shutter lagCons:Image quality is terriblePoor low-light performance