I've had this camera for a little over a year and a half now and I just love it.  It's really small, which is a huge plus.  Because of the small size, it's very convenient to take with you and that means you end up taking more pictures than you normally would.  I've chronicled most of the little and big events I have gone to with it.  Even though it's just 2 megapixels, that is more than adequate for me--I don't rely on it for professional shots, just mostly snapshots.  I have printed some photos through shutterfly, and they came out looking great.  You could tell that they weren't quite as sharp as those from a regular camera, but I had taken them at the medium compression setting.  They were definitely framable though and you probably couldn't tell that they were digicam pics unless you inspected them close up.  I suspect pics taken at superfine would be even better.  Rendition of colors is truly remarkable, and I have received many compliments from friends on this.  Canon sure does seems to know what they're doing when it comes to optics.  Any photos I've taken with bright colors (landscapes, flowers, etc.) came out breathtaking.  The camera is made of metal, so it has a nice, high quality "heft" to it.  The photo management software that it comes with is awesome--intuitive and easy to use.  It may run slow on old computers though, if you have a lot of photos in your albums.One complaint I have about the camera is that it's just okay in dark settings, even with the flash on.  Also, when taking pictures of people, I seem to get red-eye a lot, even with the red-eye reduction setting on.  It takes small video clips, but the resolution is very grainy and with the 64 MB card that I have in it, the maximum length of the clips is really short.Other than that, this is a terrific, dependable camera that's perfect for the beginning digicam user or for someone who wants the convenience of a small, easily transportable camera.  It comes with a far too small 8MB card, so I highly recommend getting a larger one.  Also, it doesn't come with a case, so I recommend buying one because this is a beautiful camera and you wouldn't want to damage it.  Canon makes one specifically for the PowerShot series that is leather and compact.  You can find it at Apple stores.