I have used the ZS3 for a week and I must say Panasonic has its place in digital camera/comcorder market. My first Panasonic which purchased 6 years ago (DMC-FX9) is having power button issue and therefore I have to purchased a new one. The old camera last me for 5+ years which is satifactory. Well, it was expensive though last time ($[...]), for the FX9, hey, the ZS3, which is a far more superior camera, only cost $[...] nowaday!(I) Camera performance: the Leica lens with 25mm wide angle is superb. I am now able to capture more things with the extra angles. If you put a camera without wide angle next to the ZS3 and view the screen you could tell the big difference. The pictures are sharp, clean. Night shooting is also superior when using the slow sync flash function. Panasonic camera is by far the most superior when using it on night shot, couple with its Mega OIS + shake-proof stablize technology, capturing memorial night view moment is at ease. I still hold my Australia's trip pictures and my friends just can't tell it is captured with a compact! But hey, that was with the 6 years old FX9; I bet ZS3 would do even better than that~(II) Now here is the bonus - HD Video Recording: If you pay a little more ($[...]) to have a choice than ZS1 (which without HD video recording), ZS3 is indeed a good value camera. Recording HD Video is extremely easy - it has a designated 'camcorder' button right above the negivation buttons. Instead of turning the mode to video mode, there is no longer such need with ZS3. Simply hit that 'record' button whenever you are in camera mode, and it instantly starts recording. The switch is instantly fast. With an 8GB SD card, you could record full HD (super fine resolution) up to an hour (about 61 minutes). We spent the last Halloween with kids treat-or-trick in Mall of America. I bet I would hold on to my HD camcorder purchase for a long while :D.ZS3, to my surprise, records the HD video very well. The video quality is superior enought consider that just a digital camera lens, and sound quality is good too. There are Left and Right microphone right above the camera and we can't get surround, but the sound quality is good enought as like a $[...]+ non-HD DVD camcorder.I finally found something that takes great pictures without sacrificing the ability of good video recording. I would say this is a good family camera too. You may imagine the hassles to bring strollers + diapers bag + car seats when travelling. With a single device that does both Photo+Video, ZS3 is a good size camera that does that, and does it well.