I received my Fuji FinePix F200EXR and was impressed immediately by it's heft (the camera felt very solid in my hands and is constructed of a metal body).  Inside the box is a Lithium battery, charger, manual, software and a USB/AV Cable).I have taken a few indoor shots which looked absolutely beautiful.  I like to try a product out before I read the manual to try to understand how easy it is for a quickstart (or rather, an impatient geek like me).  The buttons seemed well marked and right off the bat was a set-up menu for date and time (as soon as the battery was inserted).  Setting this up was pretty easy and I just used an up and down arrow key that is typical of many digital cameras.  I wanted to see how far I could get without documentation.I have just bought a case for it (a Lowepro) and will begin to venture into the manual to learn what all the settings mean.I must express that I love to take pictures but am a true hobbyist.  I am much more a geek than a photographer, so I will be venturing into the accompanying software and manual to try to figure things out.  I just wanted to provide an initial impression.I'm impressed.  The picture quality right out of the box was fabulous!Installing the software is easy (I used a Windows Vista laptop) and uploaded pictures from the media card.  Beautiful quality pictures and the FinePix software is very user friendly and makes it easy to work with your pictures and store them.  There is even a FREE online service for storing pictures created by Fuji specifically for FinePix users.  Registration for this is easy.The manual is straighforward and explains every setting.  There is also a CD copy of the manual (as well as paper) so you can choose your medium.  The one feature I want to figure out is the "burst" shooting (taking multiple pictures with one click of the button).  But I may have to read further.  As I mentioned, I am a hobbyist.The camera does not come with a case.  But I have found that the Lowepro Rezo 20 Camera Case (Black) is a perfect fit for the camera, an extra battery and a card.  At $10.00, it is WELL worth the investment for this great, sturdy camera.