I have been a photographer and gallery owner for several years, and this model of Kodak is my favorite camera.  I have a high end Canon with a phenomenal telephoto and I get great standard shots with it.  However, the Kodak sings.  My photos are vividly colored and artistic effects are possible "right out of the box."When my original Kodak Z812IS got dropped one time too many, after a very rugged and overworked five years on the job, I thoroughly researched the new models, and concluded that I wanted the same camera again.  I wanted the wider angle lens and the stereo sound that were sacrificed in newer models for other features that weren't as important to me.I was thrilled to have receive the same camera again, not to have to learn to fiddle with different settings...this is an almost perfect camera model, for one who wants to capture the beauty at hand under many circumstances.Though "only" 8mp, the right professional printers can use these images to create very large scale products, including banners.  I've had gorgeous 24" x 32" prints made with clarity akin to being "there."The zoom on this camera is clear and sharp to great distances.  I delight in photographing eagles in trees across the waterway, seals and otters hunting fish...Being able to photograph people indoors, without flash and silently so as not to interrupt or distract others, is one of my favorite benefits of this camera.  It is great to be able to turn the shutter and other sounds completely off.  To suppress the flash.  To set the hi ISO.  To zoom in and know the image stabilization is at work to get those shots.It is rare for this camera to be further than 6 feet from my hands.  I use it in the kitchen to document recipes, in the garden to show harvests.  What better way to extend the life of a bouquet even further?This camera has built a library of shots of boats and maritime activities in Port Townsend, WA.  It has documented the growth of my grandchildren.I highly recommend this model of camera.