And that includes all the offerings from Nikon, Olympus, and Minolta/Konica. I LOVE this camera.  The 10D was felt by many to have focusing issues and though I did not have any significant problem with my 10D in that regard the 20D represents a substantial improvement in this area.  Canon still is not offering (in this price range) a camera with eye control or 45 focusing points, BUT the nine focusing points that ARE offered are well placed and the camera focuses quickly and surely resulting in tack sharp photos.The pictures this camera takes are simply beyond belief.  Beautifully saturated, tack sharp, NO, and I mean NO noise at 400 or below and barely discernible noise all the way up to 1600 ISO.  For all practical purposes 1600 ISO is an entirely usable speed resulting in fantastic pictures.  What Canon has accomplished in reducing noise and increasing pixel density proves that they are, for now, the technology leader.Another big advantage over the 10D is the instant on feature which does not leave you sitting there helplessly until the camera turns on.  That happens instantly!  A new flash system, ETTL II is a vast improvement over the 10D.  And, to my eye, there is an improved dynamic range with slightly less blown highlights.The in camera processing results in far more pleasing pictures than the previous 10D or Digital Rebel.  This camera has a greater burst (more pictures quicker) that the previous 10D.Now there is currently an issue with mirror lockups reported by probably 10% - 20% of all owners.  If you encounter this problem before you update the firmware then simply take the battery out of the camera, reinsert it, and you're good to go.  Canon has issued a fix and it is available on their web site.  It completely remedies the problem so, not to worry!One of the greatest things about digital photography is the ability to build a digital dark room for next to nothing. With the included Photoshop Elements you are well on your way to producing pictures that you could only have imagined in the pre-digital days. I am able to recoup pictures that I never would have considered salvageable before this camera.The other thing I like about Canon is the lens system which IMO is second to none. Also, Canon continues to innovate at a furious pace driving the price of these digital cameras relentlessly downward.I sold my 10D to purchase this camera and for me it represented a significant improvement more than justifying the cost of the upgrade.So, I LOVE the camera. LOVE Canon. And LOVE digital. All in all I'd say I'm a pretty happy camper!