We were upgrading from a camera that was at least 5 years old and did **lots** of research both online and in stores.  We wanted a megazoom camera that would take good video, and we wanted one that performed well in low light.  We are adventurous but still amateur photographers, so we needed a camera with a good automatic setting but also plenty of manual options.  After an extensive search in the $200-$300 price range we came down to just a few cameras, and this one won out.  We'd read about the ACVHD video problem - that you can only play it on TV and can't post it online - but were encouraged by the fact that there was an alternative (non-HD) mode and that there was a zoom option during video recording.  We knew it was a little larger than the ultracompact cameras but were satisfied that it was smaller than our old camera.  We knew there was at least one other camera out there that probably had better low-light performance but we figured it would be much better than what we were dealing with at the time.  (We were right.)  And we were excited about the awesome viewfinder on the Lumix DMC-ZS3.  It was crucial to read the reviews on websites like this - they all brought up good points.  Some people gave the camera only 1 star because of the HD video issue; some mentioned the same problem and gave it 5 stars.  This is not a standardized system; these are people's opinions (and this is mine).  Because we knew what to expect and what 'imperfections' to anticipate, we have been completely satisfied.  There have been no surprises.  This camera delivers the kind of quality and performance you should expect to get from a $200-$300 gadget in 2009.  I obviously haven't owned any of its competitors, but I cannot imagine they would be significantly better.In summary, if you go looking for problems you'll always find them.  If that's the kind of consumer you are then you won't be satisfied unless you spend at least twice what this camera costs.  But if you have realistic expectations this camera will easily surpass them.