Annoyances:1. I can confirm some of the other reviews: the screen does smudge more than on other cameras.  It would be better if the screen was not recessed, then it would be easier to wipe.  This seems like a stupid complaint, but seeing an always smudgy screen detracts from the beauty of the camera.2. I'm annoyed at the cable.  I wish it was the same as previous Fuji USB cables, and just have a separate connector for video. Perhaps they need more space for the connectors?  Well then eliminate the XD card slot.  Best would be if it they could eliminate the cable (have a USB plug pop out of the camera or something).  Perhaps bluetooth is the answer,  but only if I don't have to pre-install a driver in the computer.3. Maybe it's just me, but the mode-select knob is too easy to turn, so between taking the camera out of a case or my packet the mode is changed from where I left it.  Usually I don't notice until after I've taken a picture.  They should just eliminate the knob and make the menu system better (add a mode button).4. Lots of hot pixels on my camera if I take an 8-sec night exposure (at first I thought stars were showing through the cloudy sky..).5. I wish the camera showed a zoomed-in result of result of the previous taken picture to verify the image quality.  Some other cameras do this.The good:1. The build quality is nice.  It feels substantial and high quality.  It's still small enough to fit in my pocket.2. The higher sensitivity CCD really helps.  I rarely make prints, so I care more about blur reduction and good focus than resolution.  Last night I took flash-free shots of kids in a dark restaurant.  ISO 1600 is just fast enough to pull this off and on this camera it's not so noisy as to be useless.I wish Fuji's next camera:1. had optical image stabilization.  In truth I don't have a comparison between ccd shift and optical shift, but my feeling is Canon's IS is better.  It's true that the larger CCD also helps, but it would be better still if it had both.2. had a faster lens.3. had an even lower noise higher sensitivity CCD sensor.4. hdtv video recording with zoom during recording (possibly digital zoom is ok here) and stereo audio.(but I guess that they are going to compromise all around to get a 12x zoom lens to compete with Panasonic and Canon).