We got this camera as a gift, but I'd selected it after researching all available options. My wife is a pro photographer and I'm a pro computer geek, so I needed something to satisfy us both without  being too hard to use. At this price range, I don't think any other digicam can beat the Canon A40.It offers excellent auto controls as well as manual options, although we rarely use these in our snapshot environments except to disable the flash. The optical zoom is satisfactory and we've not needed the additional (lower-quality) digital zoom yet. At the largest size, 1600x1200, the photos are easy to crop and suitable for printing using our inkjet all the way up to 8x10 resolution. Pictures are sharp (I'd skipped the Kodak cameras after reading their picture quality was only so-so) and colors are exactly what we see. The 10-sec high-quality movie mode (30-sec low quality) is a fun addition which we've used several times when a camcorder wasn't handy or justified.The LCD screen is large enough to do its job, the photo browser is easy to use, and the buttons are easy to get to. We replaced the included 8MB CF card with a 64MB card, which is sufficient, although there are a couple times we wish we had a 128MB card instead. However, we can fill up the 64MB card and drain a single set of rechargable NiMH batteries at the same time -- we have two sets of 4 NiMH batteries, one in the camera and one in the charger, which suits us nicely. I've plugged the camera into iPhoto on my Mac at home as well as Win95 and Win2000 PCs. Installing the software on the Windows PCs was a bit trying, but once it's there the camera integration works wonderfully. Both Mac and Windows users will be very satisfied.Most of the time the camera is used in or around our home to take family photos, so two sets of batteries and 64MB of digital film is sufficient, but those who are often out and about should consider a third set of batteries and 128MB or more of memory. As a consumer camera, though, the Canon A40 is excellent and a bargain considering all it offers.