I purchased this camera as a gift for my roommate's birthday back in June 2011.  Being a photo-hobbyist, she really liked the camera...so I figure I'd take a stab at it and bought one for myself (October 2011, at a local Fry's Electronics for $79.99 +tax...Best Buy has this right now at $105.99 +tax).  It's a nice upgrade from my Canon Powershot SD1100IS, which was an 8.0 megapixel camera.  This is a 13.4 megapixel camera, so it takes pretty clear pictures.  I say 13.4 because the dimensions of the pictures taken at the maximum resolution are 4320x3240 (do the math).  It is pretty high quality but definitely not 14.2 MP as advertised.  Also, the pictures are 96 dpi.  I wish it could've been higher.There are a lot of pre-defined modes for taking pictures, which is great; however, I have not yet discovered a way to manually adjust any of these settings, such as white-balance or apeture.  Further, most cameras I've used had buttons or a circular knob on the camera to switch between picture and video (and other features).  This camera's change of mode is in the menu, which I find very inconvenient.  It does have a pretty cool feature that snaps a picture whenever it detects a smile.The videos recorded at HD-resolution is okay.  Most of my videos so far have a line through them and artifacts throughout.  I'm not sure if that's because the ST65 uses mJPG for videos instead of H.264.  In any case, the video files I've created are nothing to brag about.  If anyone is interested, the video bitrate is between 17k to 23k.The camera comes with a USB connector that is used for charging the battery.  You can charge it while connected to a computer or you can use a wall-outlet adapter that is included.  While the camera is plugged into your computer, you can transfer pictures to your computer, but you cannot use it to take pictures or record a movie.  I have not tested that functionality while charging with the outlet adapter.Overall, I'm disappointed in this camera.  I usually do a lot of research before purchasing an electronic product.  This time, I went by word of mouth.  I hope my roommate truly enjoys this camera.  It is a lot lower quality than her SLR and the only advantage that I can see is that it's not as clunky as an SLR.  I give it THREE stars as it is, at best, an average camera.