Simply an amazing camera. Amazing pics, especially in low light (where so many digitals fail). Can't go wrong with Leica lens. Lighting-fast start up. Shutter lag??? What shutter lag??? There is none - the first digital camera I have used that feels like a film camera - point at the subject, press the button, take a picture. Why does that seem so hard? Intuative controls - pretty much no reason to read the manual. Compact size.Things I love:a)amazing pics - true to life color and light and beautiful resolutionb) easy to use right out of the boxc) can take stills in 16:9 aspect ration for beautiful scenery picsd) video in HD AND zoom while videoing (very few cameras offer this option)I am a former pro-photog (many years ago, during film age), exclusively used Nikon F2 and Leica M4. I have owned a variety of digital Nikon, Olympus, Canon, as well as sampling friends' digital cameras. I had gotten to the point where I expected never to be impressed by a digital camera - as convenient as they are, they just don't render images with the detail that film does. I am now admitting I was wrong - this camera renders images so true in color and resolution, I would have thought I took them with my Leica.I have been reading some of the negative reviews about grainy indoor shots and poor low-light shots. I think I have an idea why some users have experienced this. No pics are going to look good or be free of grain or noise above 400 ISO. DO NOT USE IA (intelligent auto) feature - in low light it will automatically use higher ISO and you will end up with grainy, noisy pics. Instead, use normal mode and go to menu - intelligent ISO and select ISO 400 max. I just tried both modes side by side - with IA and flash off in a semi-dark room, the ISO was 1250. Using Normal mode and ISO 400 max, the aperature and shutter speed adjusted and the resulting pic was much sharper - incredible difference. User error will get you every time!A bit more expensive than your average digital camera, but so worth it. If you are looking for a simple camera for pics of kids and vacations, you can spend less, but you will not find better image quality. If you are a frustrated digital user who can't understand why a digital can't seem to take a decent picture in extreme conditions (low-light, for example), or want digital images that rival film images - you have found your nirvana.I would wager that this compact camera stacks up to the digital SLRs costing many hundreds more.