Sadly, as we demand smaller cameras with greater pixel counts and zooms and thus even smaller CCDs, Nyquist rears his ugly head and gives us pictures which aren't as good as our "old" pocket-sized cameras took.  I have a Canon PowerShot A610 and at only 5MP it takes better pictures in low light conditions.  I don't mean candle-light, I mean just about any indoor or slightly dim setting.  Granted, my old A610 doesn't zoom as far or take HD video, but I'd gladly have traded the super-zoom for a larger CCD so that I could have a pocket camera that took nice pictures and HD video, but wasn't microchip-sized with an over-zealous zoom. (Indeed, though, Leica can make a fantastic lense!  Over-fantastic for this camera, sadly.)I've never before written reviews on my purchases, (new year's resolution to write more, perhaps?), but this camera overly underimpressed me.  Indeed, the HD movies are pretty impressive, and with great stereo sound, to boot!, and in the right lighting and set to the right setting, it can take very nice pictures.  Nevertheless.  The dozens of scene modes are slow to sift through and don't always give the best picture for the setting (I took a picture of some candles in various scene modes, and no, not "night" nor "starry sky" nor any of the other appropriate scene modes worked best; rather, the "underwater" scene was the best fit for that candle shot!  If only I was able to set ISO, aperture, and shutter myself...).  Not much exists, out there, that is very satisfying in this way; I've begun to look at DSLRs and now the new micro-4/3 cameras just to get the bigger CCD, though it's harder to find something that takes nice HD video with stereo sound.  So you can see that I'm not really the best candidate for this camera (or to review this camera).  But I didn't realize how bad the problem would be until I started taking pictures with the camera.  Ug, the noise is bad at nearly all ISO levels.  :(However, Amazon is really pretty fantastic.  My zero-trouble return completed without a hitch.  Fantastic, Amazon, thank you for being so customer-centric.