I purchased this camera after several weeks of researching the varioius 8MP cameras on the market today.  I've had it for about two weeks now and this is what I can tell you:Pros:1. Great zoom! 10x zoom is great for getting close to your subject.2. Macro works really well.3. VR (Vibration Reduction) works extremely well.  I have done several hand-held shots down to 1/4 second shutter speed that have no noticeable camera shake. Very cool!4. Good autofocus speed. Even in low light w/ AF assist lamp, providing you're at the widest angle (35mm). See con 1 below. Good autofocus speed even at 350mm providing there is ample light (daylight).5. Feature rich camera that produces exceptional images.Cons:1. Poor autofocus in low light, even w/ AF assist, while using zoom.  When taking pictures when using any zoom in our family room the camera will OFTEN miss focus or not focus at all, even when the AF assist lamp is activated.2. SLOW 2.8-5.2 lens. This lens really hampers focus ability in low light.  I found that the zoom really only works outdoors w/ ample light. I did not think the slow lens would be a real issue, but I am surprised at how often it gets in the way.3. Manual focus.  If you need this feature, keep looking.  The manner in which Nikon implemented autofocus on this camera is useless (really, it is).  This is a real problem only if AF cannot get a lock (see #1).4. Nikon specific filters and lens attachments.  Nikon chose to make the filter ring on this camera a non-standard 53mm thread.  If you plan to use filters, you will be purchasing the Nikon filters made specifically for this camera.  If you have an assortment of filters you would like to use w/ the 8800, there is an adapter ring (not Nikon) available, but some results have vignetting.4. Noise at high ISOs.  Similarly to other 8MP cameras this one too suffers from a lot of noise at ISO higher than 100.5. Does not include lens hood. Most other cameras in this lineup include the lenshood.  Not a major issue, just another 35.00 expense if you actually need it.A word about CA/PF.. Like all other 2/3" CCD 8MP cameras this one is not immune to PF.  At this time I have not noticed a _serious_ amount of CA/PF in high contrast areas.  I can tell you that it does indeed exist. I have seen it as green, red, blue and purple fringing. So far it has not been a huge drawback and I don't consider it a major issue.Overall I am impressed with this camera and its many features (including advanced features).  I can't say enough about the zoom and VR capabilities, these two features set this camera apart from many of the others.  I can live with the deficiencies as the quality of the images and build of the camera more than make up for where the camera fails.-R