I recently purchased the Olympus C-7000 after an exhaustive search and I am very happy with this camera. I have worked as a professional filmmaker for over 28 years and have shot extensively with my full manual 35mm Pentax MX but this is my first foray into the digital still camera world. This camera makes me glad I made the move.Some other online reviews I read during my search made me apprehensive about the speed of the autofocus and the lag time in browsing through photos stored in-camera but, as I suspected, I think the other reviewers were being ultra-picky. What little effect I noticed, I found to be minor issues particularly when weighed against the many, many excellent qualities of the camera.The camera is responsive, intuitive and just plain takes great pictures with outstanding resolution and tremendous detail. The basic point and shoot setup is easy to use and very accurate but the camera also has the flexibility to satisfy my pro desires to tinker with the settings for variations in the end result.Some additional features I really like:1. The macro (closeup)capabilities are excellent and easy to use.2. The flash is always off unless you manually pop it up, then it can be adjusted from there. I dislike having a flash pop off whenever it feels like it and it's a pain to go through a menu to shut the flash off every time you power up.3. The viewing screen is big, bright and clear but the manual viewfinder is very helpful in composing a shot under sunny conditions.4. Most of the fequently used controls, including viewing and deleting photos, have dedicated buttons on the back of the camera which means you don't have to hunt through lots of menus to do the repetitive work.5. The camera feels well balanced in my hands and the controls are thoughtfully laid out.The only downsides I've noticed so far are:1. A relatively short battery life which I solved by simply buying another battery for about $35. I also purchased a 1GB chip which gives me lots of room to work with.2. I would like to have a little wider zoom on the short end (maybe a 28mm equiv. instead of the 38mm equiv. provided) and a little faster lens on both the short and telephoto ends but cameras that included these features seemed to cost quite a bit more money so I can live comfortably with this camera for the price.I am not an expert (yet) in digital photography but I highly recommend the Olympus C-7000 as a solid, well-made, easy to use camera. It is exactly what I was looking for.