After much research and changing my mind several times, I finally decided to go with a compact camera.  I chose the P7 over the S230 because it was easier to hold while taking pictures.This camera is extremely easy to use.  Even my 5 year old son can use it and take adequate pictures.  The quality of the images has been excellent.  The outdoor pictures are truly incredible.  I have been in two low light situations and the camera has performed very well.  Like any point and shoot, the flash does have limited range.  Apparently there is an external flash available with this camera.  That might be a worthwhile consideration for events like weddings where you can't always be front and center.  The camera is very slim and fits easily in a coat or pant.  The LCD is very bright and clear, but because it is so small, it is often difficult to detect if the image is slightly out of focus.The battery life seems pretty good.  If you don't need the flash, I would guess that you could take pictures for the better part of the day, especially if you turn off the LCD.  With the flash and LCD on, I took about 85 pictures before the battery died out.  The charging of the battery is very convenient.  Because the power cord plugs directly into the camera, you can use the power cord to power up the camera if it is turned on or if the camera is off, then it will charge the battery.  The battery life remaining displayed in the LCD is also very useful.The 16mb memory stick that comes with the camera is woefully insufficient.  Plan on buying a larger memory stick.  I bought a 128mb Lexar memory stick ...  It works flawlessly with the camera.  I have installed the USB drivers that come with the software on both a Win98 system and an IMac OS9 and both handle the download/upload between camera and computer with ease.  I have not played with it too much, but the editing software seems kind of clumsy.  For making prints, I have been taking my memory stick into [a local store] and using their Fuji machines to edit the images.  The prints have come out great ...So far I have found myself taking many more pictures than I did with a film camera.  At the party and wedding I went to, all of my friends had a great time looking at the pictures on the LCD and have really enjoyed the images that I have emailed to them.  I know that a lot of people have digital cameras so I am surprised that more people don't bring their cameras with them because it really is fun to use.  Anyway, I highly recommend this camera.