I purchased this camera with an upcoming cruise in mind. I have some older 35 mm cameras like the Canon A2, but wanted something that was light and easy to carry for the trip.  I ended up shooting 600 pictures on the cruise.  I'm very happy with the results.  While I thought I would miss being able to set aperture and shutter speed, for travel on the go a point and shoot worked great.  Some people mentioned the camera freezing in their reviews.  I gave the camera to my niece to take a picture of me at Pompeii. The camera froze after taking the picture.  I thought at first jokingly that my image broke the camera! :) The tl240 had a blank screen and would not power on or off.  So I took out the battery and put it back in.  That solved the lock up.  It was a very hot day too, which could have been part of the problem.  I love the touch screen, but am still learning how to use it.  All in all, a good camera for day to day use.Pros: size and weight.  Love the fact I do not get a sore shoulder after a day of carrying a camera around.  It is so light one hardly notices the weight.  The camera is small enough I could put it into a shirt pocket, but on hot days that did not seem like a good idea since it might get sweaty.Pictures: Good quality.  I think digital at this level still needs a year or two to match that of film though.  I didn't quite fill my 4GB microsd card, but came close.  I shot at the highest quality level and pixels at 14mb.I had a back up card of 8 GB just in case and a back up battery.  The back up battery came in handy a couple of times.  When out for a day in a place like Barcelona or Tunisia, one comes across many things to shoot.  Then I always review my shots to make sure I have the desired shot-which adds to battery consumption.Ease of use.  I was able to take pictures right away with a minimum of instruction.  I did read the pdf file  several times through before going on vacation. Still haven't used a number of it's functions yet.  Will try those in the near future.  Able to power up and snap a picture quickly, which is important when traveling.Cons: At times I wished there was more zoom, but a relative of mine on the cruise had 25x zoom and still wanted more.  Some image is always further away than one would like when taking pictures. :)