This is a good point and shoot camera, which is more expensive than most because it offers some things most don't have: primarily, an unusually good zoom range (25mm-300mm equivalent, which takes it from wide angle to telephoto), but also AVCHD Lite video recording (HD, albeit not full quality HD), and a bigger and higher quality LCD screen on the back than you'll find on most cameras.  Canon finally came up with a competitor: the PowerShot SX200 IS.  There's a great review of this Lumix on cameralabs, and I'd highly recommend looking at it.  In general it's not a spectacular camera, but it's pretty good for a point and shoot.Some Mac users have wondered whether this camera exports OK into iLife, particularly whether iLife will work with the AVCHD format.  Yes, iPhoto imports the stills, and iMovie imports the AVCHD format fine, at least for me.  The software that comes on the disk probably isn't worth installing, except perhaps for the ArcSoft panorama software, which doesn't work as well as it should but will stitch your panoramic views into a 360 degree cylinder you can spin around inside of, visually, for a cheap thrill.I don't have much to add beyond suggesting a look at that cameralabs review, except to include the following plea in case Panasonic follows these forums to get customer feedback.  This camera has no manual controls (although you can kind of game the system by using some scene menus settings that you know will affect shutter speed in certain ways, if you want to do something like slowing the shutter speed).  It should have manual controls.  They wouldn't bother users who want everything to be automatic, since they'd be buried in the menus, but they'd be handy for people who want them.  I'm guessing it would be a minor tweak to make them available, and Canon is doing it with their new competitor.  Also, and more specifically, fix the exposure bracketing!  Exposure can be manually moved up and down to + or - 2, in increments of 1/3.  However, although the camera can manually go up or down 2, automatic exposure bracketing only goes up and down 1.  That's nuts.  It ought to go up and down 1 or 2, for people who want to try HDR processing (which admittedly would be limited because this camera doesn't shoot in RAW, but the automatic bracketing should do what the camera can do manually).  Panasonic, fix it!