I have been looking for 2 years for a digital camera that was great in low light and fast (as opposed to my canon sd1000). This camera definitely is fast. I took pictures around the house last night (after getting the camera yesterday morning) with the canon in one hand and the fuji in the other and the fuji was much more responsive. Also the pictures you've been seeing online that it takes are pretty much true. There are values and things in reflections that no other camera that I have tried has even come close to capturing. I've tried out and returned a lot of cameras because none met my expectations for speed, color quality, burst mode, low light quality and the flash(panasonic lx3, sony dsch7, canon g9, casio z90, nikon d40 and the canon sd1000).So compared to the other 5 cameras this one is much faster and better in low light without the flash. Even with the flash the pictures seem less white than they do with the sony or canons.However when you zoom in to view the pictures on the camera they definitely are grainy (good old fashioned film-almost grainy) compared side by side to the pictures taken immediately before or after with the sd1000. When you zoom in on the canon's pictures they get pixelly more of a rectangular distortion which i've seen with all the other cameras. The Fuji as i said are grainy and the zoom isn't as great as on the canon and at less zooming in the pictures still have that dottie distortion. I'm going to give it a couple of more days and take more pictures to continue to test it my real world. and then get them printed. but I don't see how with what I'm seeing on the screen that won't show up with printing.But overall this camera is definitely going someplace the other manufacturers haven't been yet as far as low light and speed but I'm worried about the graininess. Also another review mentioned it's noisy and it really is. It makes sounds constantly when it's on. A little annoying. They sound almost like branches rubbing on concrete or intermittent cat purring but there are sounds when you're not actually taking a picture and the camera is on. Bizarre.