I normally don't review items because I'm pretty easy to please...but when I spend this much on a product and it has major flaws, I have to speak up!  I bought this monitor, because even though it didn't have many reviews, they all seemed pretty good and I was looking for a replacement for a Summer infant monitor I've had for almost 4 years.  The summer monitor crackles and hisses all night and keeps my husband and I up, so we were looking for a quieter monitor.  Well, this monitor is definitely quiet.  TOO QUIET!  We had the volume turned up all the way and couldn't hear our daughter at all.  We turned off the auto mute (the feature that will automatically turns off the sound if there's nothing going on in the room - great in theory, but the sound needs to turn back ON if there is actually noise going on in the room) The only thing we'd hear is an annoying beep (the alarm) that warns you that there is sound in the room, then the sound would just cut out.  We turned off the alarm, turned up the sensitivity on the camera and turned up the volume.  Same thing.  The sound would switch on for a second then just cut back out.  Not sufficient to wake us in the middle of the night if my daughter woke up and started crying.I woke up this morning at 6:30 and turned on the video...sure enough my daughter was awake and rolling around in her crib, and yet I could hear nothing on the monitor.  At least my Summer monitor was sensitive enough where I'd hear her rustling around or cooing quietly so I'd wake up.  My husband went to get her and I could barely hear him in the room with her!  I talked to customer service, who then transferred me to technical support - after a total of an hour being on hold (30 min. with customer service and 30 minutes with technical support) they told me I had to register the product online to get any help.  Forget it.  It's going back to Amazon and I'll keep looking for another monitor.I did give it two stars because even though the audio has major flaws, the picture is crystal clear and you have the ability to talk to the baby in the room, which is a nice feature.  It also allows you to pan around the room which is also an upgrade from our summer monitor.  But in the end, if I can't hear my baby, then there's no point in having all the extra bells and whistles!!  I'd rather purchase a cheapie sound monitor with no video than deal with this monitor!