I've been a reviewer and beta tester for Adobe, Microsoft and a few more. I bought this camera blindfolded, after using the D40, D40x and the D80. Never saw or touched it! It's like buying a new model Mercedes: you just KNOW it will be good. And I have no regrets at all. I won't bore you with the same things others write: yes, it's amazing sharp, crisp and smooth operation. Almost anything you can thing of, can be changed or tweaked. The front and rear dials, the preview and function button, etc. Liveview is and understatement: it really is Live PREVIEW! Or you could call it WYSISYG (what you see is what you get). This is not even covered in the manual! In both liveview modes you see the change in White balance, but also any filters, sharpness and any other things you apply, right away, before you even take a picture. The only thing you, obviously, don't see, is the effect of aperture and shutter speed. Picture control is fantastic: you can use standard or vivid, but these can be adjusted also and you can preview it in liveview.A lot of color filters that can also be adjusted, so you can make a "midnight" picture in the sunshine! I'm still learning about the focus system, which is ahead of it's time. Finally I can track birds in flight and get sharp pictures without the focus system going "on a search".Minuses? I only found a few: the battery indicator is not reliable with 3d party batteries. It was on "empty, 2 %" after which I could still shoot about 150 pictures! But maybe the battery needs to be charged a few times. The NX software is very, very good, but also very slow. It easily outperforms Photoshop in quality, but go have some coffee if you plan to do Noise reduction in better quality! 10 minutes is nothing. The NX Transfer software is not tested or not enough: it crashes regularly. Camera Control Pro 2.0 is not only very overpriced (it should have come for free); it was increased in price from about $60.- to $180.-, just because of the D3 and D300 Liveview modes. This is very bad, since both the Liveview modes still should be in BETA testing! Th picture is horrible, unstable and shakes and jitters like an amateur wrote it. Shame on Nikon about that. I would be ashamed if I gave it away for free!Go to a store and pick it up, hold it, play with the controls. Then do the same with other brands. If you want the best camera under $2000.-, this is it. You'll never look back; you'll be too busy having fun shooting this fabulous machine!I predict a lot of awards and a steep increase in sales. It wouldn't surprise me, if Nikon was unable to keep up with the demand. On Amazon it's already outselling the Canon 40D !!!