I have owned the ZS3 for a couple of months and could not be happier. Its portable. I carry it in a little lowepro case on my belt but its also quite pocketable. Its quick to start, focuses quickly and writes reasonably quickly to the 8 GB SDHC III card. There is a delay between the picture and writing. I don't find it an issue, the cycle is very brief. The menus are easy to use and most needed functions can be accessed through the quick menu associated with a particular mode. Flash photography is easy enough and its easy to select the flash mode for auto, fill flash, red eye reduction, or forced off etc. with the simple push of a couple of buttons button. Equally easy to access is the self timer mode, macro AF and exposure compensation. Image quality has been outstanding both indoors and outdoors, I am pleased with the tonal balance. Outside in bright daylight I like to force it to 80 ISO and I love the shots that turned up with that particular setting. Those pictures that turn up slightly underexposed indoors because of flash range issues, are easily fixed with the supplied panasonic software as is red eye. Autofocus works well and rapidly even in very dark conditions. The camera has a AF assist lamp. Practically speaking pictures print beautifully at 4x6 and I have printed pictures at 8x10 that I am very pleased with. Most images in 4x3 mode when shot at 10 Mp come in between 4.5 to 5 Mb. It also has options for 16x9 and 3x2 mode. Burst shooting mode is useful even with the reduced MP count. I have taken night shots of city scapes that have worked quite well but I need to get back home, upload and print just to be sure. I wrote this from my hotel room in Lima, Peru.I love the 12x zoom from 25 mm to 300mm. The video is useful in a pinch and I like the ability to capture it on a single small portable unit. Its a bit difficult with such a small unit to keep on the subject but I expect this will work itself out in time as I get used to it.The mode dial does move easily but its not a big nuisance for me. The camera tells you if its in the wrong position, its fixed within a fraction of a second. I have never knocked it out of position while shooting. Its only when I stuff it in the camera bag that it gets knocked out of position.Pratically I got what I paid for, its a great PS. I purchased it for its pocketabiltiy, its zoom lens, 10 MP (on the right sized sensor) to get good pics, the built in IS and ease of use. I got all of that and am quie pleased.