I'm very impressed with this camera.  Yes, the autofocus can take some time--luckily I'm not shooting any type of action.  And it can hunt for quite a while in low light, but use of a tripod almost always fixes the problem.  The lens is amazing.  I've done a lot of still life work with the camera--just zooming in all the way from about 2 to 3 feet away, not even setting the camera in "macro" mode--and the quality of the resulting photographs is completely amazing.  The Nikon 5700 is pricey, but it's because of the lens.  The lens makes the camera worth the extra $$$.  I did have one problem with the camera, which was it started dramatically over- or under-exposing after exposing 2 or 3 images.  I was about to put it int he box and ship it back to Nikon for repair, when I decided to reset all the settings back to the factory defaults--which fixed the problem.  Some reviewers have noted how the buttons onthe left side of the lens barrel are easy at accidentally press while shooting.  Apparently that's what I did.  The camera is very small and light, and I agree with many reviewers who say that it is too small/light.  I purchased the optional battery pack.  Not only does it let you use standard AA rechargables, it adds enough bulk to the camera to make shooting seem more "normal" for someone raised on Nikon SLRs.  It also adds a second shutter release and zoom control for shooting in Portrait mode--doesn't sound liek a big deal until you use it, then you realize how completely cool it is, especially if you shoot as many portraits as me.  Most of my photography is black-and-white.  Not only does the Nikon 5700 let you take pictures directly in black-and-white, but because it uses a digital viewfinder, the can visualize your photographs in bakc-and-white before you take them!  This is a very cool feature.  Another feature I've found useful for portrait photography is the video cable that comes with the camera.  Plug on end into the camera and the other end into your TV, and you can use your TV as a giant viewfinder to compose your photographs!  Overall, the Nikon 5700 is a tremendous camera.  It's not a camera for everyone, but I am extremely happy with my purchase.