I got this camera for my wife as a Christmas present.  I did alot of research and tried several brands and models before I decided to give her the Cybershot DSC P7.  One of the strong selling points for this camera was the ease of use.  The menu interface for the camera was easy and it made sense.  It's ergonomics are excellent, it is lightweight, and compact.  This camera is very forgiving and allows us to take almost flawless pictures regardless of the lighting situation we put it in.  The delay between when you press the button and when the picture is taken is minor, but it might be an issue when you're trying to capture an action shot (I normally pre focus by focusing on the subject and holding down the shutter button halfway and it works).  If you want a camera that captures action, you'd probably do better by sticking with the SLR cameras.The LCD screen is crisp, but you'll need to use the view finder on a bright sunny day.  The digital video is fair to below normal meaning you'd get better quality with a camcorder because the cybershot has a lower frames per second ratio, but it is nice to have the "movie" option in a camera.  With a 128MB stick you can record up to 5 to 6 minutes of footage at the highest resoulution.Other features are the multiburst mode (for your golf swing, etc.), night mode (use a tripod), white balance (snow or beach pictures), 10 second timer, multi and center focus, and a red eye reduction.We have noticed that our picture taking has increased 300 percent since we've started using the cybershot.  I would definitely recommend that you purchase the 128MB memory sticks. We can put about 80 to 90 pics on a 128MB stick depending on the resolution we choose.  Also buy an extra battery.This camera was designed for the average person, primarily the  point and shoot crowd so it may lack some of the manual and advanced settings professionals prefer.  Overall, it is a fun camera that is easy to use and I think that makes up for any advanced features it lacks.***Update*** 10-21-2003Still No problems with the camera.  Now that we've used it foralmost a year, we kind of wish that there were some lens accessories to increase the optical zoom. It still takes wonderful family pictures which is what we bought it for.