I bought the CX4200 because I wanted a digital camera. I used my parent Olympus on a trip to Australia and I realized that I never wanted to go back to a regular "film" camera again.  I found the CX4200 and after reading many of the reviews I thought that it would be a good camera (I didn't have the money to spend the money on an Olympus).  Well I was flat out wrong.  I have only had this camera since Feburary and I want to get rid of it. Even on the highest resolution the pictures are still fuzzy and don't even think about printing out anything above a 4x6 picture because it will just look horrible. The camera come with 16mB internal memory and that is all.  It also sucks through the batteries like candy. The batteries that came with it didn't even last one day! I then used the same rechargable batteries that my parents use and I had to change them 3 times as much!  You have to have the camera on in order to transfer pics (through the USB) and that drains the battery even worse.  Also, the editing program you can use with the camera is a waste.  If you move a picture, it doesn't recognize it anymore and you have to hunt it down.  The camera is also bulkly and heavy.  The zoom is pretty much useless.  Your subject is basically unrecognizable if you try to zoom.  There is such a delay in the shutter that I have missed a lot of great shots. Plus, there is a long delay when you turn the camera on, so that can make you loose shots too. Taking pictures at night, or even low light, is horrible.  When you use the flash it floods everything out. I also had problems with the lens cover (if you can call it that). In order to turn the camera on you must flip up a switch on the front of the camera.  My switch broke and I tried calling and emailing Kodak and they told me to get new batteries and then try it! Finally I called a camera store and they told me how to take it apart and fix the problem.  So all in all, don't waste your money with this camera.  I am throwing this out and getting an Olympus which is a far better camera for your money!