Although in theory this camera comes with some great features, I am very disappointed. I had a Coolpix 4800 for several years, and despite the fact that it boasted only 4 MP, i feel that the photos were far superior to the ones i am getting out of the s630. I was excited to find another nikon with a lot of zoom, and expected the same quality as what i had previously. Unfortunatly, i was dissapointed.Outdoors the colors are great and crisp, but i have yet to shoot an indoor shot that makes me really happy. as a mom taking pics of her kids all the time, this is frustrating beyond words. the colors take on an unnatural reddish orangey hue, and i constantly get blurring, even with image stabilization. I have tried Auto mode and scene selecter and every type of scene possible, but no matter what i do, the color quality is just off and fuzziness common. After several months i finally figured out that the best way to get my kids and not worry about them moving and therefore blurring or getting that ghostly motions quality, as they invariably do, is to use sports mode, but then the camera drops to 3MP. As a result the photos are not really crisp, which when buying a camera with as many MP as this one has regularly, it's once again, frustrating. On the plus side, I have the red one, which is really fun looking, and i love the size and the zoom is pretty close to my old 4800 (which drowned last summer :-( and is no longer working). Also, it's really comfortable in a hand of my size and has a nice thumbgrip intentation.**Update: After writing this review i realized how truly annoyed i am about my photos, so i actually contacted Nikon through their website and attached two of my photos as examples of their poor quality.  They actually told me what to change in my setting to hopefully fix the problem.  I shot a few pictures which actually seem much better, but it's too soon to tell.  I will be taking lots of pictures in the days to come and if i see a difference, i will come back, change the rating and let you know how to adjust the menu for better pics!*****update 12/29/10 while nikon was very helpful in terms of customer service, the photos are still not as good as they should be. THe colors are still not true to life and i still get considerable blurring, perhaps not as much as previously, but still a lot.***