I bought this camera for our recent trip to Italy.  I wanted a camera that was very easy to use and took good photos.  I don't know anything about photography, it's not a hobby of mine at all, and I wasn't interested in learning.  I just wanted photos to remember our trip and share with friends.  I also wanted to avoid the huge wait between pictures that our old digital camera had.This camera is very easy to use.  I never took it off of the iA mode.  The only thing I adjusted was turning off and back on the auto-flash option when in places that allowed non-flash photography only.  It's really easy to toggle it ... two button presses.The pictures of ruins in Rome, art and buildings in Florence and landscapes everywhere look great.  I purchased an 8GB card to go with it and that was plenty of space for our pictures (I think it would have held about 1200).  I took perhaps a thousand over the two-week trip (but we uploaded them to a computer periodically and subsequently deleted them from the memory card, which is very easy to do).The iA mode does really well with varying lighting conditions.  Only the very darkest corners of churches disallowing flash photography were a problem for the camera.  I was very pleasantly surprised that it was able to take such good photos of some very dark places without flash.  The only caveat here was I had to hold my hand pretty steady to avoid blurring.My largest criticism is that the battery does not charge via the USB connection.  There is also still some pause between pictures, but I don't know if this is adjustable ... I never tried to find out because the pause showed me the previous picture, which is what I wanted (and may be it's only function).  The battery lasted a full day, but not much more.  I turned the camera on and off depending on what we were doing.  I didn't try to adjust the power-saving options because the battery never ran out if I started the day with a full charge (at the end of one day it ran out because I hadn't charged it the previous night).We didn't use the software that came with it, just imported the photos into iPhoto.I am very happy with the camera. It is almost exactly what I wanted and worked great throughout the trip.