Dude, I completely lucked out when I bought this camera... :)I was at Office Max, looking for a laptop bag I needed for a trip, and I'd stumbled upon the Kodak Z650 while the store was doing an inventory. They had a sticker on the box that read "do not inventory", and, more importantly, another sticker with a new price on it - $99.99!Needless to say, I bought it right up!I wanted to explain that because this is a one-hundred dollar camera to me, so my opinion of it may be a bit skewed.I've owned the Z650 for a few months, and I've gotten to where I feel very comfortable using it.Even for twice the price I got it at, this is a wonderful piece of serious photographic equipment. I know you SLR people are probably laughing at me right now, but it's true.Besides, not all of us like to look through a viewfinder to shoot photos. One nice thing about the Z650 is that you can toggle between the ample LCD and the EVF with the touch of a button. I find myself using the EVF when shooting with the 10X zoom.A note on the zoom feature - it's a 5X DIGITAL zoom, the other five, you're on your own with. Beyond its digital limit, and depending upon the subject, images can get somewhat blurry. This can also be attributed to the camera's lack of image stablization. Kodak Gear (Tiffen) makes an excellent 60" tripod that can greatly improve upon these minor imperfections. In fact, 47th Street Photo sold it to me (here on Amazon) for $9.95! Great people, and it arrived at my door in two days time using standard shipping...Okay, I'm straying a bit here...The Z650's menus are both easily accessable and easy to understand.In addition to several pre-programmed scene and automatic modes, the camera also gives you the option going fully manual - a must for me, because one of my favorite subjects to photograph is the night sky (a couple of my photographic endeavors can be viewed in the customer images for this camera). I'm still tinkering around with shutter settings and whatnot, but I'm getting what I consider to be very good results from my Kodak.All in all, I'm very content with the Z650, and I would recommend it highly. If you're thinking about buying it, I hope this little review helped you out!