As a casual photographer, I wanted a small, practical and user-friendly camera, and this is exactly what I got.  My previous camera was very basic and I was looking for some upgrades including the macro feature and a functional zoom. I have been able to take terrific photos using both features. There are a generous number of modes from which to choose in attempt to capture the perfect shot, but you really do not need to use these to get a great photo. The automatic mode delivers clear, sharp photos. However, if you do want to really use all of the features this camera has to offer, your choices are great. The scene mode alone has 13 different options. I still have not used all of them but find it very helpful to be provided a summary of when to use each one when I am scrolling through the options on the menu.The camera is small, light and easy to carry to any event. The texture on the handle allows for a good grip. I thought not having an optical viewfinder would be a negative but I don't even miss it.  The screen is large and clear, & you know exactly what image you are capturing. (I did purchase the anti glare screen protector which helps when taking photos outside) The battery charges relatively quickly, and has charged long enough for me to take pictures for hours at a wedding or long hike without worrying about needing to recharge it.  The charger is compact and easy to travel with, and when I have needed to recharge the battery, it occurs relatively quickly.Deleting photos is extremely easy. You are given the choice between deleting individual photos, multiple photos or all of them.As much as I have enjoyed this camera, there are 2 small inconveniences that I have noted.  There have been very infrequent instances when the camera requires an extra second or two to correctly focus on the object when preparing to shoot the photo.  Although it has been infrequent, the majority of the time has been when I have been using a zoom lens and the macro feature at the same time. As I am still trying to learn all about this camera, I am wondering if it is telling me that I am not using the correct mode when that occurs. If given a second or two, this usually self corrects and focuses correctly on the image.  The other inconvenience is there has been a very slight delay between when pushing the shutter and the actual picture being taken.Overall, I am very happy with this camera. The price was right, the size is perfect for my small hands and the quality of the photos are superb! I am extremely happy with my decision to purchase this camera.