I own both the 8800 and 8400. The cameras are identical except for the zoom and the image stabalization on the 8800. If you shoot mostly landscapes, get the 8400, the wide angle on it is the best around.THIS IS NOT A POINT AND SHOOT CAMERA.Don't expect to zoom to 10x and take a good picture in anything less than bright light. You will need some support, ideally a tripod. This isn't a problem with the camera, it is basic physics. No other camera is this category will do any better. The image stabalization helps, but will not fix everything. Make sure your expectations are reasonable and this camera will exceed those expectations. You will be unhappy if you think you can use this or any 8x, 10x+ camera handheld in any light or zoom length.You'll get great images with either the Extra or Fine mode (jpg).Stay away from the Hi (Tif format), there is no benefit and it takes forever to save. The resulting file is huge.RAW is excellent, but slow to save. You can put it in burst mode and take several images while it is saving.There is no CF card included with the camera. Get at least a 12x or better CF card. The Sandisk Ultra or equivelant work very well. You'll want a 512 or better if shooting at the largest images size and quality. A 512 will hold about 67 images at 2592 x 1944 in Extra, 45 at RAW and 124 at Fine. I'd recommend two 512 cards rather than one 1GB. Don't put all your eggs in one basket. Use a card reader, don't plug the camera into the computer, it is an accident waiting to happen if you catch the cord on something.That being said, you'll be amazed at the quality of the images this camera can take as well as the flexibility. You'd have to have a handful of lenses to achieve what this camera can do.It is not pocket sized (unless you have large pockets).You can buy Nikon filters or get an adapter and put any filter on it.The batteries last forever on a charge, but get an extra one for a full day of shooting.A lens hood is a useful accessory.Both the 8400 and 8800 are IR capable with a Hoya R27 filter.Check the Nikon Talk forum at (...) or the Nikon 8mp forum on Yahoo for more information on these cameras.