Given the concerns of crime, I wanted an economical alternative for a video surveillance system.  This unit is a good option.WHAT COMES IN THE BOXVideo CameraMonitorWall Mounts and HardwareConnecting WiresCONSTRUCTIONConstructed of light plastic, I am not sure of its durability in the wet and humid months of Florida weather.  The buttons on the video monitor are well marked and large for any user.  On the side of the monitor, the user can set the doorbell to various sounds.  Doorbell sounds are annoying, at best, and the sound is reminiscent of the old Commodore 64 MIDI songs. Sound quality is good but slightly hollow for conversation.  Contrast and brightness can be adjusted.INSTALLATIONOnce you decide where to position the system.  Drilling in the holes and attaching the unit takes less than 25 minutes.  One of the negatives is trying to make the cable inconspicuous.  Affixing the cable along the contour of the door and the floorboard took another 30 to 45 minutes.QUALITYFor the price, the quality is good but not great.  I would have expected more rubberized components to keep the elements from damaging this over time.  However, for functionality, this system is very good and more than accomplishes the task.USEReplacing the doorbell button with the video monitor was easy after mounting the camera on the wall.  However, it is not going to be clear to visitors that the button should be pushed.  The "Defender" label is distracting and not aesthetically pleasing.  Picture quality is functional and decent for the purposes of identifying the visitors on the monitor.  However, there is a noticeable latency for the camera to adjust lighting conditions.  The night vision function is decent but the field of view is limited.One of the most useful functions is the ability to use the View button on the monitor.  This allows a quick scan of the entryway by the user inside, to "Check things out".OVERALLOverall, this is good system, especially for the price point.  It functions to the specifications but there are two things that I did not like:  The sound quality for the replacement doorbell and the lightweight construction.This system is worthy of consideration and you will have to decide upon the Pros and Cons for yourself, if you want to get this for your home.