I purchased my Nikon Coolpix 5700 just before our October trip to experience the New England foliage. Wow, just in time! This is a wonderful camera in every sense of the word. I'll give you the good and then the bad.THE GOOD:The lense is by far one of the best on the market as evidenced by the clarity and sharpeness. The zoom is very handy and I was able to close in on far off mountains, eagles, etc. It's a good size for my hands and I'm 6'3", a big guy to say the least. Whether you are into all the gizmos that SLR's offer or simply want a point and shoot, this is wonderful. You can save settings for various situations. For example, I have one setting for dark indoor places, another for cloudy days, and another for macro shots. My wife hates gadgets and I taught her how to simply switch it to automatic and she loves it too! The camera doesn't feel cheap, but rather, amazingly sturdy.The 5 megapixels come in handy since I am shooting to find the best to use as original art in my home. My sister-in-law is so impressed that I'm now her photographer instead of the costly studios when shooting her newborn. Hey, I'm not a professional either and the camera made me look like an expert!THE BAD:Yeah, the clicking and whirring is annoying but if you know how to read and comprehend decently, you'll understand ways to focus differently in certain situations. Those that complain are either impatient or might be lacking in the comprehension department.Attachments are a great plus such as the 2x close up lens or whatever. Hoever, they will take about 10 - 20 seconds to get out and set up for various shots which is annoyance. Having said that, isn't it about the same for a true SLR camera too? I wish the filters would go directly over the lense but instead, it goes over the attachment meaning that you will not get full range of your 8x lense because the attachment doesn't allow for full extension. Sometimes, I get the dreaded barrel look so I think I'll look into a wider lense to make up for the barrel.Batteries go fast! However, I have one backup and a quick recharger that can be charged in the cigarette lighter of my car. Keep 'em charged and you are fine. With both batteries, I can fill up 526MB card without problems as long as my saving mode is relatively short.BOTTOM LINE:Great prosumer camera. After researching and testing many, this is the best quality if you are into quality of photos with the most toys as long as you are willing to take time to LEARN how to use it! This camera should last me another 6 years or so.