I've always had headaches taking night pictures with the other digital cameras that I've owned.  This Fuji has been a pleasant surprise!  It takes remarkable night pictures.Recently, I had to photograph Christmas lights on my home and it was foggy outside.  I kept thinking the pictures would turn out horrible, but I used the "fireworks" setting to get a really long exposure and when I uploaded the pictures to my computer and finally viewed them on the big screen, I was shocked (and thrilled) that you couldn't even tell it was foggy outside.  I am so pleased with the "low noise" on nighttime photos that I highly recommend this camera for that reason alone.  I've never found another digital camera that was worth a darn for night shots, so if you think you may ever need to take a picture with dim lighting and no flash, you need a camera like this one. (I use a tripod when photographing with long exposures.  I highly suggest everyone who owns a digital camera invest in a tripod.  They are relatively cheap and completely necessary when photographing at night.)I read the manual thoroughly before using this camera, but I love how intuitive all the features and buttons are, making the manual unnecessary to keep on you at all times.  I have another camera that I've owned for 2 years and I still can never remember how to scroll through the menus and what button does what.  This is not the case with this Fuji camera.  The menus are super-intuitive and once you've gone through them a couple of times, you know just what to do.All of the auto-options are phenomenal.  With several different night exposure settings and tons of different day/landscape settings, you'll never run out of photo-taking options for your subject. The zoom is great, quick, and relatively silent.The size and weight of this camera are good, but it could probably be shrunk down just a bit more.  I have to ding it just a bit on this because it is heavier and larger than my other digital cameras, but this extra weight and bulk may be necessary for all the options on this.I've seriously thought of purchasing one of these for my mother.  She's not very tech-savvy, but I know she can handle the easy buttons and menus on this camera and would feel confident and comfortable using it.  I cannot say that for my other digital cameras, so as a gift, I think this is a great camera for a recipient of any age.