The D-380 is another of the Olympus line of clam shell cameras dating back to the old (non-digital) Stylus models of the mid-80s; this one is an update of the successful D-370. The design is tried and true and I like it for its compactness and its ability to protect the lens from those with a penchant for losing lens caps. The D-380 offers adequate resolution at 2 megapixels. As I have stated in numerous reviews of other digicams, resolution much beyond 2 megapixels is worse than useless for most applications, it is costly. It not only costs money in the sense that it raises the initial price of the camera, but operationally, it requires greater battery use, usually involves longer lag times between shots, takes much longer to download to a PC and especially prolongs both phases of e-mailing photos (your uploading the file and your recipient opening it). These latter issues are, in my opinion, the most important, as the real purpose of digital cameras is their neat integration into the world of personal computing. [note: For those folks whose needs are enlarging photos beyond 8" x 10", higher resolution is required] The downside of the D-380 is the lack of an optical zoom. Digital zooms are in no way the equals of optical zooms. What these digizooms do is enlarge the center of the image captured by the zoom's stated power. In this case, using the full 5:1 zoom will take the central 20% of the image and stretch it to fill the entire frame. Unfortunately, this degrades the image by an equivalent percentage of pixels. Therefore, a 2 megapixel image digitally zoomed 5X begets an image with a resolution of only 400,000 megapixels. The result is a grainy picture suitable only for emailing or website posting, but not for any sort of printing or enlarging.Aside from the zoom issue, the camera is a winner. Its ability to operate off readily available AA alkalines (though it will accept rechargeables and these make more sense in may ways), its easily expandable memory (it uses SmartMedia, not quite as good as CompactFlash cards, but close enough) and its adequate number of user-controllable settings all combine to make this a very serviceable camera at a very attractive price.