It arrived on time and as expected. I was going to purchase the Infant Optics because it was the cheapest price I found online with excellent reviews. However, it didn't have the Skype capabilities. This baby monitor does for just $50 more (sale price). I decided to get this instead. It`s awesome because now my baby`s great grandmother and other relatives from outside the country can view him. It came with a 1GB microSD, how I wish it`s bigger than that... like maybe 4 or 8 at least so I don`t have to get another one.GREAT FEATURES:1. Portability. Very light. Awesome flat screen monitor2. Ability to control the music from the monitor3. SKYPE feature! Just connect the monitor through the included USB cable to a computer, login on Skype on the same computer where the monitor is connected to. Setup the Skype to auto authorize the viewing of the video when people request it to, oh and change the video settings on Skype options to use this video and NOT the computers video camera...Voila! People can now see your baby as well!!4. 2-way talk: Ability to talk to my baby through the monitor.5. Alarm settings when it hears unusual sounds (like when the baby cries) or when the temperature is too low or high. You can adjust the Sensitivity settings on the video.6. Ability to record videos just by clicking a button on the monitor.7. The video stays on for as long as you do not turn it off. It sounds silly but I heard some monitors auto shuts off the viewing on the monitor if it does not hear any sounds. Well, that defeats the purpose of having a baby monitor. I want to view my baby at all times!!8. Excellent night vision: In the evening, I turn off all the lights in the bedroom so my baby can sleep better. Even when the lights are off, I can still see my baby very clear!!ONE MAJOR PROBLEM (not with the product). When I was recycling boxes, I threw away the box for this product. It later occurred to me that I put the USB cable back in the box. Needless to say, I need another USB cable so I can do Skype with it again. Please help. Where can I buy the USB cable for this? Or what kind of USB does it use so I can just order a generic one.