I bought mine over a year ago after spending weeks looking at different brands, features and megapixels.  What sold me on this Canon S200 was the quality of the pictures, the built in features ( flash, zoom, rechargable lithium-ion battery), the reliabity of the camera based on previous owners reviews, the portability or its small size, and the fact that Canon used a metal enclosure when most of the other cameras did not.So my reviews after a year of using it is as follows:  The camera is great, the lense allows for clear, sharp pictures. Even 8 x 10's look great. The computer software is very good and easy to use. This camera is also very reliable. I have used it for over a year with no problems at all. Also, I have dropped the camera accidently twice. Once on a hardwood floor from a height of about four feet and the hinge hook on the inside of the door for the memory card broke. I used a piece of transparent tape to hold the door to keep it closed and then ordered the replacement door on the phone for $8 directly from Canon. That drop did not effect the camera at all otherwise.  Then recently the camera accidently dropped out of my aftermarket velcro belt case from about three feet up onto solid concrete. It landed on a corner with a solid "thump" and the lithium battery popped out.  I was sure the camera had to be damaged !  I picked it up and the outside metal case didn't even have a dent in it, only a tiny scratch on the corner where it landed against the ground. I put the battery back in and turned on the camera and to my surprise everything worked perfectly. This seemed impossible to me but I took a few pictures checked the lense and its motors. The pictures were all there in memory without a glitch. A three foot drop onto solid concrete and nothing but a tiny scratch ?Hats off to Canon for making one durable little camera.  I don't know what metal they used to encase this thing but after my two accidental drops I would not recommend anyone buying one of these expensive digital cameras without a sturdy metal casing.  I do not recommend doing this but I have also read several other reviews people accidently dropping this camera into water without effecting it. These Canon Powershots cost more than many others with similar specifications but the others are not as durable nor do they all have the same quality lensing.  You get what you pay for and Canon one of the first into this digital market and they know how to build them with the best enginneering and materials. I highly recommend this or any of the Canon Powershot "S" series digital elph cameras.