I got my Defender in the mail today.  Already tested it out, it's really really cool.I have no real comparisons to make with other video doorbell surveillance systems, but what I can say about this is that it definitely works for what it was intended.  Out of the box, it is incredibly easy to use and as quoted in the item description, will replace your old doorbell.  (It will require some handywork to mount it and draw the cords between the walls if you want it looking super nice)The video image is good... don't expect HD quality or anything, but it produces a very clear image where people can easily be distinguished.  The low light function works extremely well, and its automatic so you dont even have to adjust anything from the main controls.  The controls are relatively basic.  Three buttons to view, talk, and open the door.  There are chroma and brightness dials that you can adjust to your desired level, and a volume dial.  You can also pick from half a dozen tones that will ring when the outer button is pressed.  The only real qualms I have are the poor audio quality.  The rings are pretty atrocious and worse than ringtones on a cell phone.  The "doorbell" selection even sounds artificial and produced, but the quality of the actual speaking isn't too bad.  Expect the quality to be that of the quality of intercoms that have existed for the past 30 years.  No THX quality here.I'm a Film/Video/New Media artist so what I really like about this is that it looks like I'll be able to do some circuit bending and rewiring/soldering so I can use this in conjunction with some video art projects.  The parts are all there.  With the right tools, I can carry this along with me places while recording and displaying an image at the same time... but that's all self indulgent mumbo-jumbo.If you want a reliable, safe, and reasonably good quality item than this would be a good purchase for you.  I have no idea about the longevity of the device, but it seems pretty well made and sturdy.  For infrequent use, I imagine it would last a very long time.