Not going to go over the well touted good points of this camera, but will state some surprises I have encountered on first day's use.I bought an 8 gig SDCH card, "class 6" 150X was recommended for video work. My computer wouldn't read the 8 gig card, and I got an I/O error. On Craigslist computer forum, found people had trouble with PC reading their high capacity SD cards; there was a Windows patch I had to download. (The name of the exe file is WindowsXP-KB934428-v3-x86-ENU.exe) Then the PC at least read it, but the single frame ID photo wouldn't show up. What next...Others said I'd need also a dedicated SCHC READER (a regular SD card reader may be too antiquated), so back to the computer store and got one. Oh, don't forget to format the SD card.I did need a Lumix firmware update as my version was 1.0. The latest is Version 1.1, as of May 9, 09. Google "Lumix DMC-ZS3 firmware" to get to the Panasonic page. This will help reduce the autofocus motor noise, it says, and do a few other things. Complete instructions as well as download files for the TZ7 & FZ3 are on that page. Use a blank formatted SD card, and you should format after as well.Tested video mode to see what causes noises...that slight sharp clicking when zooming is the clicking of the tele/WA lever when it "hit" both extreme sides. I believe the more recent versions of this camera had adjustments by Panasonic to slow down the zoom speed, which was causing a lot of noise (see some samples of the TZ7 on YouTube...almost grinding). So the zoom's a little slow getting going, and one may tend to really slap the lever to kick start it. After a few weeks, I am used to the zoom and rarely make noise.All in all, I'd love the next version of this camera to have an external mic jack, and maybe even an external headphone jack. Or a way to swing the mics away from the camera body.The interesting thing on using AVCHD Lite on Vegas Movie Studio Platinum 9, was the double-image ghosting. I got suggestion from a camera forum regarding "resampling." Please look at my CarolJWright YouTube channel for examples and exact solution.Also, I tried out a few things to help with this camera. The Cokin filter rack for Digital Cameras had several issues. Check out that review here on Amazon. One accessory that WILL work is the Hoodman Loupe, a black rubbery funnel with fine lens to view the LCD screen as a viewfinder. Whew! No more sun glare! Costly but will get one. It fits the 3" screen of this camera and can be held on snugly with eye socket pressure with guidance from fingers. There's an accessory to hold it onto a camera, but most just hang it from the neck and use it when needed.