I was looking for a camera to replace my Canon G9.  I love Canon products, and my G9 has served me well.  However, I mainly shoot with a big DSLR, and use the G9 only occasionally for quick snapshots.  I haven't really taken advantage of its many features in a long time, so I'd rather pass it along to someone who can get better use out of it.  I wanted something inexpensive for myself, that would fit in my pocket, start up quickly, focus accurately and produce sharp images with fairly correct white balance,  with little (if any) input from me.  Also wanted something that would shoot a quick, basic video on occasion.  This may not sound like a lot, but it's hard to find cameras in this price range that will do all of that.The J38 fits the bill perfectly.  It is  a beautiful little device, seems to be built rather well and starts up in just  a second.  Focus is faster in low light than my G9, and while the images might be a little noisier in low light, they're still clear enough to work with happily up to 8x10.  Indoor shots turn out beautifully, with good white balance and no magenta or cyan color casts.  It does seem to have a mind of its' own while taking macro shots in low light, but I have yet to see a $100 point-and-shoot that does this flawlessly anyway.  In daylight, macro shots are much easier!  Also, it doesn't ALWAYS get the white balance right, but this is a common issue with digital cameras across the board.  Simply metering off a lighter object (when possible) seems to solve this.Video quality isn't on par with say, the new Sony CyberShot cameras, but they also cost $50-$100 more.  For the price, I wasn't expecting much as far as video is concerned.  The size is small, at 640x480, but it's smooth and sharp, with clear (mono) sound.  I don't need more than this though, so I am happy.The menus took some getting used to, especially after using Canons for years.  Canon is known for their easy menu navigation.  The J38's menu system could use some tweaking, but it works!  The buttons on the outside of the camera are tiny, so this might not be a great camera for bigger hands.  (Even my long nails get in the way).  However, everything feels sturdy and nicely finished.If you are looking for a sleek, simple digital camera that gives great results, this may just be the camera for you.  Yes, it has some drawbacks, but overall it's an excellent camera for the money.