Im enjoying my third day of play with this camera and looking forward to more. Im a weird combination of photo nut and tech geek so I decided to finally take the plunge and replace my dead point and shoot with a digital camera. Being anal I decided to do some serious research before choosing one. I decided to stick to 3 mp because Im dreaming of getting a digital SLR down the road and didnt want to sink too much money into this. It seemed that everywhere I checked every serious reviewer raved about this camera. What finally sold me on it was the fact that it had a lot of advance features that would allow me to tweak my photos (aperture priority, etc..), movies with sound, autofocus assist for low light situations, and would still be simple enough for my wife to snap shots of the kids quickly. All I can say is WOW! I didn't even have to crack open the manual for the first 2 days. I printed out some 4x6's at a Kodak kiosk just to check the image quality and Ive got to say that Im very impressed. There is no way (at that size) to tell the difference between this camera and a regular film point and shoot. If you want beautiful 4x6's, the ability to tweak your settings, and ease of use in a digital camera I would run out and grab this.UPDATE: It's now been a good month and a half and I still dont have a real complaint. Buyers should be aware that the battery life on this camera is EXCELLENT! If you're put off by the idea of having to buy AA batteries get yourself 8 rechargeables. You'll always have a spare set charged up. And if you're ever traveling and run out its easy enough to get regular AA's anywhere. Try that with a proprietary battery. For those of you worried about the 3 megapixel just keep one thing in mind...It will only be a problem if you try to blow it up larger than 8x10. How many of you have ever felt the need to do that?I mentioned the ability to tweak earlier. I'm happy. You get most of the options  that you normally have to buy an SLR in a compact camera size. All you semi-serious photo people should seriously consider this just for that reason. Many of the other digital point and shoots are just too dumb and would have frustrated me. OK...one problem is red eye. But I knew that going in just b/c of how physically close the flash is to the lens. But that's what photo software is for. Other than that the camera is everything I though it would be....a very useful quality digital camera for a very reasonable price.