I was thinking between the Rebel XT and 20d . I didn't like the plastic body of the Rebel XT. Also the XT size is like miniature SLR or a crossbred between point-n-shoot and SLR, it just didn't right in my hand. But, the 20D fits like the gloves in my hands. The 20d is a litle bigger than XT. It's metal is rock solid.I like to travel and take a lot of pictures of people. I thought if I have to take pictures, people will notice me of my shootings, I might as well carry the best camera that I could afford which is the 20d. I just bought mine about 3 weeks ago and I've been taking more than 3000 pictures. I use  Canon EF 28-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS USM len (Made in Japan len). The IS (Image Stabilization) feature of the len is a must. Most of the my pics are very sharp. I'm still playing around with this camera. Some of my pics are blurred because I used third party flash Metz Mecablitz 45 CL-4, and it did not synch correctly for right amount of flash needed. I shot mostly in automatic (P mode) TTL flash.Since I've spent a good amount of money on the camera already, I thought I might as well invest in a good flash. I just ordered through Amazon (which prices are very competitive to Beach or Adorama, B&H;) the Canon 580EX flash. I hope this flash will do the trick.To sum up, so far so good. Very happy with my Canon 20d. The battery that comes with is amazing! I took more than 1000 pictures before I realized I need to recharged, just in case. Also the full recharge of the battery takes less than 2 hours. I plan to get the Canon BGE2 Battery Grip and extra battery set. It's not that I really need it, but I just like the beefed-up look of this camera and made me look like a pro. I'm glad I picked this one over the Rebel XT--I don't think the XT would have the extension of the battery Grip like the 20D.One more thing. Amazon.com reviews influenced me to buy this camera. I'm very happy with prices and services which makes Amazon my one stop shopping and reading reviews on books and all electronic gadgets.