I had the e18 error two months after purchasing this camera.  I got it fixed because I had no choice and had just spent $299 purchasing the stupid camera.  This cost me $120.  Now, 14 months after I purchased it, the camera has the black and purple lines on the LCD.  I have a four month old baby that I'd like to take pictures of but can't.  I am so mad!!  I will never ever buy another Canon product.  Let's sue them for a faulty product.  Just wanted to update this review to post the following reply from Canon about my problem:We are sorry to hear of the difficulty you have experienced with the LCD screen on your PowerShot A70.  Please note, Canon USA does not monitor, confirm, endorse, or attest to the accuracy of any information posted on third party websites.  Itseems many customers are overwhelmed by the barrage of information (or misinformation) being posted on unregulated, non-Canon websites.  Unfortunately, this is not something over which Canon has any control.  We are able only to confirm the performance of the camera based on our own testing.  Canon USA has not released any service notifications regarding an issuewith the LCD screen.  Since the camera is more than one year old, it is out of warranty.  We have two options available: you may send the camera in for repair, or you may participate in our PowerShot Upgrade program.  The standard labor cost to make the repair will range from $100 to $200. Parts may be an additional cost.  Cameras damaged by impact, liquid, or sand may have a considerably higher repair cost, depending on theresults of the Factory Service Center's evaluation.So even though this has happened to many people and on many websites there are similar complaints about this model, Canon won't take responsibility.  If you've experienced problems, I suggest you call them.  A better suggestion, don't buy Canon products.  The repair and upgrade program they refer to are both jokes.  $100-$200 to repair a camera that now costs $180?  Ha! or a $150 for a refurbished camera that will likely break again.