I carried an S100 for a year and a half, having concluded at the time that size was key -- after using some ... cameras (like the Largan L-mini, 640x480 w/flash) and getting useful but not great pictures, my primary consideration was that a digital camera needed to be small enough that I could carry it *all* the time, so I could capture pictures of interesting things without planning.Note that this is not the right approach for everyone - deciding how you'll *use* a camera is a personal choice.  If you don't think you'll take pictures in every day life, but just on vacation... or if you need to take pictures for work... you may find that size isn't key, and you may be happier with a larger camera (though I'd recommend other Canon models in that case, including the 330) or a cheaper one.However, if you're like me, and want to capture the world around you, but in good enough quality to get 8x10 prints of the *really* good ones... if you want to have a camera that fits in a pocket so you don't look like a tourist all the time... this camera merits a good look.When I say "worth upgrading": I loaned my S100 to a friend shortly before the S200 came out.  130 pictures/day later, my friend had to have one, so I took another look at the S110, which seemed a fine replacement -- and then the S200 came out, and I had to have it.Features that make the upgrade worth it:  video clips (long enough to be interesting; not only is this good for catching cats and trains, there are also cases where you can't get a clear still shot but someone looking later will get more out of a short video clip) *with* audio  better low light support (both automatic and manual settings down to ISO400)  anti-redeye flash option  ROTATION SENSOR (worth shouting about - it's so nice to just rotate the camera for framing, and have the results come out properly tagged.)  better (2- and 3-zone) autofocus/light level sensing  on-screen histogram for low-light shots (lets you tell if you really got nothing, or if you can pull out more detail in post processing)  "view pictures" mode lets you zoom all the way in, allowing spot checks for blurriness directly on the camera.  New batteries are 25% more powerful.I'm quite pleased with it;  I've taken 700 pictures, 100 movies, and 4 panoramas, in the two months I've had it (and 1500 pictures and 7 panoramas with the S100 before that.)  Note that the panoramas are worthwhile - you just want to make some effort to set them up, rather than try randomly.  One was an "all guests at wedding reception" panorama that I got printed as a 6 foot by 6 inch strip, which made a great christmas gift to the couple :-)