This camera is pretty good, I can admit that I was seduced by it's good looks.  But having owned two Canons in the past, I think I still prefer Canon cameras.The Stylus Verve is shaped like a used bar of soap and is pretty slick, so when shooting pics in a hurry, the camera can easily slip from your grip.  The power button is very close to the picture taking button so sometimes you will shut the unit off by accident and miss a moment.  It's more sensitive to movement than I'm used to.  You'll need to have the steady hands of a surgeon.  I cheat by leaning against something and having a big memory card so I can take shot after shot until I get a non-blurry one.  When I do take a nice picture, it's not as crisp as my canon...but I can deal with it.  I've learned to use Photoshop.  I thought the 2X optical zoom would be more dramatic than it is.  But I realized that I can just walk the extra couple of steps closer to whatever I'm trying to shoot.One thing I really don't like is...once you remove the battery (like when you are recharging it) all your settings reset.  There is no back-up power to help you keep your settings.  I ALWAYS have to reset date and time--a bit annoying.  Oh and the battery, memory card and usb port are all accessed through the same opening.  I don't know if that's good.  But I prefer the usb opening to be separate from the battery and memory card because you have to access that a lot.It also doesn't come with a carrying case.  Only a carrying strap.  I tried to look for a carrying case but Olympus only has huge, bulky, generic ones that fit any camera in their Stylus series.  What is the point of getting a cute and tiny camera if you have to carry it around in a huge ugly bag?  I ended up finding something else that was suitable enough...at Sanrio (yes, I'm a girl).Through all of that...I still like the camera because it fits in my purse and goes anywhere.  It is super cute and it matches all my stuff (I have the white one). The viewing screen is big and bright and it makes funny sounds :)  Also it's easy enough to use that you can figure it out without reading the entire owner's manual.I like my camera and I willing to put up with the slight functional CONS for all the good looks it possesses.  But when Canon comes out with a even cuter Elph...I'm there.P.S.  This is definitley not for the serious photographer or people with big hands.P.P.S  I wanted to change from 4 stars to 3 but amazon won't let me :)