Both my kids play volleyball and soccer.  Soccer is easier to shoot from an available light perspective, harder from a large field to cover with a lens perspective. Volleyball (like basketball) is diabolical from an available light perspective. Indoor gymnasium lights are horrible at best. Setting a "custom white balance" is optimal, although the 20D AWB does pretty well in many gyms.  You need to use high ISO settings (typically 1600, sometimes 3200 in a dim gym), and large apertures (f 2.8) to get shutter speeds that begin to freeze the on-court action.  It was the shooting demands of indoor volleyball that led me to the Canon 20D.  Even at high ISO settings the 20D has acceptably low image noise.Its second winning attribute is its speed. It has very little shutter lag (~65ms with preset exposure and focus).  I briefly owned a Digital Rebel 300D. It's shutter lag was considerably longer. Especially given the 300D lack of a custom function to allow focusing on demand (CF-4 set so '*' button locks focus). This custom function is the secret to shooting action sports.  The 20D focuses  quickly and on demand. (It focuses much faster than the 300D and orders of magnitude faster than a point 'n shoot digital camera I started with). It has a very fast burst rate of 5 frames/second. (But, don't count on fast bursts to catch the action! Even at 5 fps I have shot sequences in which the ball never appears in any of the frames of a hard driven "spike" in volleyball!  The ball enters and exits the frame in < 1/5 of a second!  You still have to learn to time your shots for that kind of action.)I probably should have bought the "body only". The kit lens is useless for indoor sports. I occasionally use it for a large group shot in tight quarters. But for action sports the "kit lens" is virtually useless. It is too slow, and the shrinking aperture as you zoom in, makes it difficult to set a fixed exposure.  For volleyball I shoot with two alternate lens, both of which I can highly recommend). I use a Tamaron 28-75 F2.8 when I can get close to the sidelines and a Canon 70-200 F2.8 for when I'm on the end lines or up in the bleachers. Both lens have a constant aperture when zooming. Both lens are relatively "fast lens" that work well under gymnasium lighting conditions.When I go outdoors the 70-200 with a 1.4x tele-extender becomes my primary shooting setup for soccer.With the 20D I have taken thousands of sports pictures. I've become the semi-official team photographer for 5 different sports teams. The other parents order prints from my website. "Point and shoot" digital cameras work fine for the "medal ceremonies" and the side-line shots of the fans, and candid shots between matches. But for capturing the action you can't touch a DSLR.  I shot one season with a Canon G-3 (a very good point