The Coolpix 5700 is my 5th digital camera (3rd Nikon) - and no previous camera compares. The 8:1 zoom alone is worth the price of admission (it's what I'd been waiting for.)Until this camera I had a firm rule of no camera without an optical viewfinder. I had seen too many digital camera users stuck in very bright or very low light, unable to use their cameras. I warily decided to make an exception based on the fact that in addition to other compelling features of this camera - e.g., 8:1 zoom, 5 megapixels -  I got through-the lens-viewing, albeit electronic. Well, this electronic viewfinder is so good that in my opinion this camera really is an SLR.  In fact, I don't know why they can't call it that. It does have viewing through the lens, whether there's a flip-up mirror or not. I would imagine terminology will eventually change to allow such cameras to be called "Electronic SLRs."I disagree with other reviews I've read that talk about a steep learning curve. I found learning this camera rapid and intuitive. Especially if you've used any of the previous Coolpix models, you'll find everything just where you would expect it to be, but more refined and elegant than in previous models. It is very easy to navigate the menus and to set up. And of course in the default full-auto mode it works just like any point-and-shoot. There's no reason anyone can't pick up this camera and use it right out of the box.A reason why I haven't bought any previous high-end digital SLR was a concern about size and weight. I had to have a camera I could carry around my neck for bicycle touring.  Pictures I'd seen of the Coolpix 5700 made it look rather large and heavy. I was pleasantly surprised to find that it's virtually the same size and weight as my previous Coolpix 995 - like a compact 35mm camera. It also is the easiest to grip and manipulate of any camera I've owned - it seems to cling to your hand. I love the easy shutter release button. A complaint about previous Coolpix's was that for me pressing the overly stiff and "clicky" shutter release button would cause the camera to move. No so with the 5700.I love the fact that there is a large, REAL lens cap, cleverly designed so that it simply moves out with the zoom if you forget to take the cap off before power-up. I also like the real hot flash shoe. This camera's a winner - the best of any I've had.