I've owned a Nikon D80 for over two months and made 1200+ shots with the D80 so far. My experience with the image performance of the D80 reveals that: Pros of this camera (most important in my opinions):1. Nearly instant start up.2. 10.2 MP sensor offering better possibilities when it comes to cropping3. Prism viewfinder with grids4. Excellent usability5. Most default settings are very reliable6. Bright LCD monitor on the back7. It is small and light enough so that the middle finger of my right hand don't hurt after 200 shots in an afternoon without a tripod. Highly recommended to anyone has small hands like mine.and on and on...Cons:1. Metering. The D80 has a very strong tendency of over exposing and its over exposing behaviour is not consistent. I was constantly turning the exposure compensation up and down between 0 EV and -2 (!!!) EV when doing landscape or street shots. On D80 it is very easy to adjust the compensation but still you need at least 10 seconds to press the +/- button, test shoot, looking at the monitor, if not right, execute the action loop again....it has been very frustrating to me sometimes. During a time-critical shooting like a sudden event on the street, the need of twiddling the exposure compensation all the time might make you miss the most interesting moment. And since the memory capacity is always limited no matter how high it is, doing bracketing or shooting raw all the time is  not really practical. I really really really wish Nikon could fix this problem in the next version of the firmware for D80.2. The diffraction is easily visible when the aperture is smaller than f/13. However for "tact sharp" landscape shoots, f/22+ is usually desirable.These are the only two things which have been bothered me. I would like to give it a 4.5 star, rounded to 5.When I am on the run, I use the automatic/default setting a lot. The most impressive automatic setting on the D80 is "night scene (landscape)" mode. The over exposure in daytime might be a failure of D80, but it turned out such a nice feature at night. All my night shots using the automatic night mode look brilliant and vivid. D80 not only outperforms other DSLRs on the automatic night scene (landscape) mode, but also beats my manual settings most of the time when shooting city lights.