I spent tooo much on this Nikon.  I am very disappointed with the body frame and the picture quality.  Too expensive for the pictures that it takes. While in my purse, some how, the metal around the pop up flash got bent in and the flash would not pop up so I had to do a quick fix myself to get the flash to work again!  I did a good job on my own repair..bent it back into shape using a cloth and needle nose pliers. So, then I had to remove the plastic side pannel first..YES...PLASTIC. Man is this camera cheaply built.  It's a major shame.  Nikon wouldn't even offer me to send it in for a free repair, due to I damaged the camera and that is why I did my own fix..well Nikon..HELLO.....your materials used in creating this camera are crap to beging with and none of this would have happened if better and stronger materials were used, so I am not entirely to blame here!!!  All my other digital cameras never...never had a problem being in my purse.  But, then again, I never had a pop up flash on a point and shoot camera either.  Steer away from the pop up falsh cameras...just incase you don't want to have this problem or keep it in a case in your purse or pocket.The picture quality is not what I wanted from this expensive device.  I didn't expect DSLR quality pics but I did expect better quality photos than what I am getting!  It's bigger than I wanted too.  It looks good, the wide angle is ok, the START UP IS SLOOOW.  LIKE A TURTLE IN A THREE LEG race.  That is another major disappointment.  By the time I wanted to take a fast shot, the shot would be lost due to a slow start up. All my other older digital cameras all started up quick and the all cost a lot less.  But, you live, you buy and you learn!If you don't mind these quirks, then go ahead and purchase one!  Understand, I am putting my own warning lable on it.  Just keep it in a safe carry case!PS...I like that this camera has a glass lens and not a plastic lens...I guess the glass lens is why Nikon is charging top dollar for it.  So, I paid $270.00 in 2010. I still own it and use it here and there..I bought a Nikon S3100 and it works just as good...better settings and filters and a lot less expensive and smaller!!