My wife and I bought this camera because of the great reviews.  Amazon did not have any available at the time, so we bought locally.The camera was the perfect small size and light weight.  We found the hugh manual tiring to read and too many options to operate what is supposed to be a simple pocket camera.  But this was all ok, so long as it performed good.We shot many pictures and started printing some.  At first glance we thought, very good.  But we then started noticing that every picture, indoors or out (but primarily indoors) was slightly out of focus.  So, we took identical shots with this camera and our old fujifilm finepix 2 megapixel camera and printed both.  At this point we were very dissatisfied.  There was no comparison.  The fuji 2 MP pictures were beautiful and clear.  The Pentax 4 MP pictures were all relatively fuzzy and out of focus.  We tried again, using a tripod on the pentax camera.  Same results.  We then returned the camera for a refund.I called customer service, and they had no idea what I was talking about.  Said,  they never had a complaint like this before.  So, we took the $80 SD card purchased for this camera (which we could not return) and when back to the store, put in our sD card in their display model.  Took a lot of pictures in the store with it and also the Fuji camera.  When home and printed.  Found the same results.We learned a new lesson, that the number of megapixels is not the most important feature of a camera.  We believe that because of the miniature size of this camera, possibly the tiny CCD which captures the image is simply not of the best quality.  So, I magnified those images 100 times and found that colors were not correctly being duplicated.  For example, looking at a black picture frame in the pictures, on the pentax, only about 10% of the dots were black, the rest were mostly light purple or yellow.  On the Fuji camera, about 90% of the dots were black.Hope this is helpful to those concerned with crisp, clear pictures with vivid color.  I don't believe the Pentax Optio S4i can deliver on that.  Obviously, many people don't look that close at pictures and are only interested in glancing at snapshots.  Or, possibly both cameras in this particular store were of lesser quality.