Besides the Canon name, the first thing that draws me to this camera is the way it fits in the hand with its right-hand grip, and its just-right size...not wafer thin, but not bulky, either.  I've had the camera since August, and I'm going to start with its few problems, and then list all the things I like about it:Problem 1: Maybe it's just this particular camera, but sometimes the macro lens just does not want to focus on the closeup object.  I have had to turn the camera off and on a few times to get the macro to work.  You know it's working when a little frame appears to show you what it's focusing on.  It has a very hard time finding the object if it is similar to the background color. I discovered that sometimes the focus frame doesn't appear just because I'm trying to take the picture from too close, so I have to back it up a bit.  Because I use the macro lens a lot for photographing items that I sell, it is not the absolute best for macro photography, but I have been able to get some spectacular photos with it, especially if I do some detailing in Photoshop Elements.Problem 2: Bright red and blue come out too intense, and I often have to tone them down in Photoshop.Problem 3:  Screen hard to see in sunlight.That's all for the problems!Positives: Can take about 300 photos on rechargeable batteries.  It has a lens cover that opens and closes automatically when you turn the camera on or off (NO CAP!)  The buttons are placed in easy-to-find places and work easily.  They are not itsy-bitsy so I don't accidentally hit the wrong one.  No toggle buttons!  It's easy to figure out how to do some photography besides just point and shoot.  With a little time reading the manual, I learned how to turn off the automatic button, and take pictures on the manual switch, adjusting the amount of light allowed in the lens...easy.  Crisp, clear photos.  Takes short movies with sound.  Sturdy, reliable, and once again... feels just right in the hands.  I am not a professional photographer, but have found it a great, inexpensive digital camera to use in my business, and the photos sell my products!  Great price for what you get!