Between speeds of 1/60s to 1/120s (and others, though not as visible) my sample could not take sharp images.  It would take mostly sharp images at 1/30s, and sharp images at 1/250s.  I also noticed demosaicing artifacts in images as well, although I think that's just the way the camera is.Whether the shake problem is wide-spread, a limited defect, or a design flaw, doesn't matter to me.  I don't want to spend countless hours with Pentax on fixing the problem...if it can be fixed at all.  I just want a camera that can take sharp pictures.  But at this moment, my Canon compact takes sharper images than this K-x.I also decided that optical IS is better than sensor based IS.  With optical IS you get the benefit of the IS system through the viewfinder.  That also means that the autofocus is more accurate, and spot metering in complex lighting is also more accurate.  So I returned my broken K-x and will likely get a Nikon instead.UPDATE 2/28/10A member of the DPReview forum had sent his K-x back to Pentax for this problem.  They replaced the mirror box and did a few other things.  However, he still has the problem.  This is exactly the situation that I didn't want to have to deal with.  The question is now being raised of this possibly being a design flaw.  Another member is now awaiting the return of his K-x.A poll at PentaxForums indicates 70 out of 204 K-x owners have noticed blurred/double images with their K-x... over 34%. (updated 3/30/11)3/17/10 - Imaging Resource now has a full review of the K-x, and they were able to reproduce the shake problem.  Their result was that 1 in 10 shots at 1/100 had the problem.4/3/10 - Second DPR member's K-x was returned without being fixed.  Pentax hasn't admitted to there being any problem.I now have a Nikon D90 that takes equally sharp images at 1/80 as it does at 1/250.  I also noticed that the D90 images aren't quite as sharp as the high-shutter speed K-x images.  I was actually expecting this.  The K-x appears to have either a very weak low-pass filter, or maybe it performs this function in software.  The result is sharper images, but greater chance of false color.  The effect is quite blatant in the Imaging Resource samples for the K-x.  The Samuel Smith label in the still-life sample exhibits false color artifacts in the words "Pure Brewed" and "Lager Beer" due to the minimal low-pass filtering.  Also, the Nikon D90 actually has a lossy RAW format.  So both these factors combine to create a small, but very real difference in sharpness between the cameras.