Comments about Nikon D80 Digital SLR Camera Body, 10.2 Megapixel, Interchangeable Lens, USA Warranty:1. I've used film cameras (starting with all manual and handheld lightmeter) for 35 years, including my own B&W; darkroom.2. The D80 is a pleasure to use. It has some very good serious features. For example, while there is a "portrait" setting on the mode dial, the menu offers not only more options, but bracketing ability to really hone in on your light situation.3. At size settings Medium, Fine I can put about 800 images on a 4gb SDHC card.4. If you are shooting alot at one time (a couple of hours using continuous shutter triggering) you need a spare battery. The Nikon one takes 2 hrs to recharge with the included rapid charger.5. As an aside about memory, I am ordering a faster transfer card to see if it really makes a difference. Some times it seems that with continous shooting the camera gets bogged down, but Nikon says it takes the faster cards.6. While the menus are straight forward, I find use of the buttons, main and sub control dials less than intuitive when I am actually shooting, and some can easily change other settings while you are fumbling. I hope that will change as I get use to it, but it is annoying to find out that when you wanted to change the focus mode from still to continous, you also changes which focus area the camera used.7. I know one of the complaints is that over ISO 400 the image quality deteriorates. The D80 has a feature which I have not seen advertised. It purports to correct this -- I haven't time to try it yet.Finally, I have been using it with my old Nikon AF 35/135 lens.  I have not had any problems with this combination.At this point I enjoy using it and would recommend it to others. But that is the catch to most product reviews - they are generally written shortly after the product is received, and you don't know how the item has been used. I'll write again if I change my mind.Was this review helpful to you? Yes/No- You may also flag this review.