This is not a professional level camera.  It is a casual users camera, and as such, it does an outstanding job.  It's nice and light, but not ridiculously small.  I've had other entry level digital cameras, and the photo quality on this one is very nice.  Also, digital cameras often show a great difference between where objects lie when you look through the viewfinder, and where they end up on the photo, because of the distance between the lens and the viewer.  The Canon seems to suffer from this a bit less than I've experienced elsewhere.The use of compact flash is a big plus in my mind.  That particular storage method, according to some magazine articles I've read, is here to stay for the long haul.  Also, additional cards are inexpensive, and, of course COMPACT.  It's simply a media I like, and recommend.The camera can make very short, web-quality videos, but to be very honest, I've not really found a use for that other than as a novelty ("hey, look what I can do with my still camera.")  However, we have a digital camcorder as well, so that might explain it.  If, for example, you had your A40 with you, and nothing else, and something remarkable was happening, being able to use the video could be nice.  BUT, it'll use up your whole card, so make sure you have extra compact flash with you.As with ALL digital cameras, this one EATS batteries.  Take extras...and you must invest in rechargeable batteries.  They upfront cost will be made up in shockingly short time.My only complaint about the camera might seem silly to some.  It's not as SIMPLE as some other entry level cameras.  It puts a bit more control in your hands (if you want it) and this makes for a longer and more daunting manual than usual.  But don't be put off, you don't have to use the manual exposure and such.  You can just be a "dummy" and let the camera do it for you.  On a side note:  over the years, I seem to end up with a lot of canon products, including camcorders and printers.  They have always been excellent, and when I've switched to other makers (from Canon printer to Lexmark, for example), I've ALWAYS been sorry I did.At the time of this writing, the A40 has been discontinued.  If you can find it (I got my as a display model from BEST BUY), grab it.  If not, Canon has got a whole line of "this year's model," and I imagine they are quite good as well.