For the price, this camera takes great pictures.  We use it a lot for taking product pictures for our business, and in that role it is perfectly fine.  It also has a good zoom, and the default picture settings work well in most situations.However, as a general use/travel camera it is inconvenient.First of all, it uses a proprietary USB cable to connect to a computer.  In this day and age of plug-and-play compatibility, this is just ridiculous.  Also, the battery does not charge via the USB cable, another ridiculous limitation.Secondly, this camera uses a rechargeable battery, so if you are traveling with just the camera and the battery runs low, you can't just pop in some AA or AAA batteries from the store and keep going.  You have to have remembered to bring the charger, have access to a plug, and have the time to wait for the battery to recharge.  Or, you have to bring spare batteries, but here again Panasonic has taken the low road with tremendously overpriced spare batteries.The one bit of good news is that the Wasabi batteries and charger kit work well.  The kit comes with two batteries, a charger, a car adapter, and a European plug adapter, all for less than just a Panasonic-branded battery.  Oh, and the Wasabi batteries are 1100mAh, compared with the Panasonic batteries, which are 660mAh, so each Wasabi battery gives almost double the life of a Panasonic battery.  Note that the camera manual states that using other brands of batteries can damage the camera, but I've had no problems with the Wasabis.So, when we use this for taking product pictures for our business, this camera is great.  We're at home, have access to a plug, spare batteries, and the time to wait if we need a recharge, as we won't miss anything.  We are also near the proprietary cable and/or have access to computers with card readers, so getting the pictures off the camera is possible, if not necessarily convenient.But when traveling?  Not good.  Got the camera?  Check.  Got the charger?  Check.  Got a spare battery?  Check.  Got the proprietary USB cable?  Check.  We end up taking our older, crappier camera because it uses AA batteries, and we can transfer photos using a 'normal' USB cable that we use to charge our other devices.We would not buy this camera again, as we're eventually going to break down and get an additional camera to use when traveling that isn't so inconvenient and gear intensive.  However, if the inconvenient logistics of this camera don't phase you, it does take great pictures for the money.