I did a lot of research before I bought a digital camera, and the Canon A40 came out as the best by far in the $200 - $400 price range. The 2 MPixel system gives nice computer jpegs and nice prints. The 4"x6" prints that I've made at our local Walmart look great and the colors are perfect, like professionally developed 35 mm prints. I could not tell at all that they were "digital". They were certainly nicer than 35mm prints developed at most "24 hour" shops, and cheaper as well. As an aside, I tried some 1-1.3 MPixel cameras and found that in most cases I could detect their "blockiness" in prints and in jpegs viewed on a computer monitor. Remember that you often need to crop and then blow up pictures for web pages and the like, and the 1 Mpixel cameras will give you problems here. 2 MPixel seems to take you just above the "blockiness" threshold for most jpegs unless you really have to blow them up a lot.The Canon A40 itself has many excellent features, and after taking well over a thousand shots I've not had any serious problems. I've even found that you can do things like taking a picture through a telescope, binoculars or a magnifying glass. You need a tripod and it can be tricky, but you can do it. I especially like the long time exposures you can do, and the macro mode for closeups.The software that came with the camera works just fine on my windows 2000 machine, and downloading and viewing is a breeze using the USB port. It would be helpful to have some basic photo editing software, like adobe photoshop lite or macromedia fireworks. Get two sets of NiMH batteries (one in the camera and one charged and handy for when replacement is needed). I picked up an Everyready NiMH charger and 8 NiMH batteries at (local store) for something like $30. A charged set will last for many hundreds of shots depending on how often you use the flash. I also recommend getting at least a 128 MB flash card as you'll be surprised how many pictures you take once you get one of these cameras. I found the perfect case at (local store) for about $10.The three best things about digital cameras are:1) You know exactly what you have when you shoot a photo2) You can take as many photos as you like until you get that perfect one, and then just delete the bad ones3) The fidelity is basically perfect unless you blow up prints to a large size. You don't have any devloping flaws to contend with, and once you have it in digital format, it will never deteriorate. Someone looking at these photos one hundred years from now will see them as you do now (though no doubt they'll have more advanced technology by then).