I have owned the Nikon 8800 for two months now and I do love this camera--sharp photos, accurate color, and good ergonomics. Very well-built.  This is a very feature-rich camera and I am still trying various features.  Mostly I have been taking photos (about 1800 already) in both Program mode and Aperture Priority mode and getting to know the camera.I don't really have much problem with the auto focusing. I owned the 5700 before this and several other Nikon digitals.  While the Nikon uses a contrast-based focusing system, this particular camera has a very effective focus assist light that allows good low light focusing, even in a completely dark room.  Focusing in general is very quick, though the camera hunts just a little at full tele. Shutter lag is minimal but this camera is a little slow in writing to card.  The use of Quick Response, though, allows you to take immediate shots if you do not need to refocus (though you can recompose) and there are a variety of continuous modes so this is a minimal problem for me in the type of photography I do, even when taking photos of my husband riding his bicycle (Panning with him in focus and background blurred).  I take most of my indoor photos near wide angle and I choose to turn off the 9-point area focus system. If this is on, the camera has a smaller area to try to focus in.  I tend to use an exposure of a minus 1/3 outdoors and a plus 1/3 indoors.Outdoors the 10X stabilized lens is fun and the VR stabilization technology works very well.Photo quality is very high and there is very low noise at ISO 50.  I do not usually need to use an antinoise program on my photos unless I use the higher ISOs.TTL focusing is possible with the SB600 or SB800 external flashes.  You can use all the features except the focus assist of these flashes, but you already have a good focus assist light on the camera.Negatives?  I find the placement of the function button awkward, but all the other buttons and dials are very well placed.  Also, Nikon is slow in getting accessories available for us.  While the Nikon filters are an odd size, most of us have chosen to use a filter adaptor from nextphoto.com which allows the use of generic filters.  I find the zooming mechanism a little jerky.  And there is a little barrel distortion at wide angle, not a problem in my photos.  CA including PF have really not been a problem for me.I rate this camera very highly!