Color: great, accurate color when shooting outdoors and under the studio lighting. All in all though, the A40 produced unusually appealing color. Exposure: The A40 did a great job with exposure, capturing great midtones both indoor and outside. A40's exposure system worked very well, but did show a tendency to lose highlight detail in very contrasty lighting conditions. Sharpness: Image sharpness was good for a two-megapixel camera, with crisp details throughout the frame. Optical distortion was a bit better than average at the wide-angle lens setting.Closeups: The A40 came in a bit below average in the macro category, capturing a rather large minimum area of 6.56 x 4.92 inches. Color, detail, and resolution were all great, however.  Night Shots: The A40 did unusually well for an entry-level camera in my low light shooting tests.  Some of the lower light level shots had slightly soft focus, but results were good overall. The camera's noise reduction system did a reasonably good job of eliminating image noise.Battery Life: Battery life on the A40 is very good. In its worst-case power consumption mode (capture mode with the LCD screen turned on), it should run about 3 1/2 hours on a freshly-charged set of high-capacity NiMH AA batteries. With the LCD screen off, it can run for over 20 hours straight. Playback mode run time should be about 5-6 hours. This is really excellent, but you'd better purchase a couple of sets of rechargeable batteries still holds. Conclusion:The A40 is a nicely-designed, stylish, functional camera that take great pictures. The A40 has a nice sharp lens, and excellent color rendition. The Movie capture mode makes the A40 great for recording short clips of special events, while the Stitch-Assist mode lets you capture expansive panoramic shots. The 2.0-megapixel CCD produces good image quality, with enough detail to print images as large as 8x10 inches. If you're looking for a good entry-level camera with a range of options and excellent picture quality, you need look no further than the A40.Pros:...Very good photo quality...-Easy to use in point-and-shoot or manual modes-Excellent software bundle-Supports external lenses, underwater case-Solid Construction-High quality lens, Software, CCD add up to great pictures.-Lots of manual controls over exposure, f-stop, ISO etc.-Continous shooting at 3 frames/sec.-Built-in lens cover, so there's no worries about lens caps-Very good manual (177 pags)Cons:-No rechargeable batteries included-Sometimes slow shutter speed-No uncompressed file format (TIFF or RAW) only saves as JPEG-Macro mode not up to rest of the camera features-Drains regular Alkalines fairly fast-8MB memory won't be enough