In my journey to find a good P&S; camera that also includes HD Quality video I have made two purchases.  The first purchase was the Canon 960is.  Please go check out my review on that camera if you are inclined.NOTE: This review will evolve over time as I use the camera.Before I get to any of the details I must inform any potential buyer of a problem that is absolutely infuriating and insulting.  That being the fact that the ZS3's firmware version of 1.2 forces you to utilize the OEM battery.  Why is this so infuriating you might ask?  Well because you can't purchase this battery anywhere.  I have gone to all of the vendor's listed on the Panasonic website and they are all out of stock with no estimate of when stock will return.Not letting this stop me I decided to call Panasonic, even though they indicate that you can not purchase the battery directly.  Surprisingly this is a lie.  The customer service representative has a battery for the camera, at a low low cost of $44.XX with a minimum $8.XX shipping charge.  So at ~16% of the cost of the entire camera new, I can purchase 1 more battery for the camera.  So be prepared to take your $300 purchase and jack it up to $400+ just so you can take the camera with you on a trip with sufficient backup batteries.Needless to say, Panasonic is starting on the wrong foot by imposing a firmware change that makes no sense at all.STRIKE 1.On to my initial impressions after 5 days of use.The camera itself has sturdy construction that I can't really find any problems with.  The weakest point would seem to be the battery/memory card cover.  It has a locking device that I do worry about long term.  One thing I find really nice is the placement of the flash in the middle of the unit itself rather than the the outside edge like my previous cameras.  I found myself covering the flash on my other cameras all the time.The screen quality is very nice; however, I do find that the display when you have the camera on lags badly during realtime display.  This is not the case while playback of video however.Pictures so far have been clear and I have not spent much time conducting tests in varied conditions.  The dedicated video button is nice and I am off an running taking pictures and movies without much setup at all.  Thus far, it's all very easy to understand.more to come later....