First of all I didn't buy the camera on Amazon because they wouldn't ship it overseas while I was on military deployment. It cost about the same on B&H; from which I had no problems as a previous reviewer commented on. Another reviewer was dissapointed becuase of the Fully Auto settings?! Come on...if you pay this much for a camera why would you want to only use it for the auto settings? That person must have really had money to burn and thought that the more expensive the camera, the better pictures they'll get. I had to laugh. This camera gives really great pictures at the auto settings, but I bought it to get into the seriousness of photography, and because I owned a Canon Rebel II about ten years ago that was stolen. Since the beginning of digital photography I couldn't wait until D-SLRs with interchangeable lenses were available and I knew that they wouldn't be cheap either considering! I've taken some really good pictures with my point/shoot Sony cybershot camera, but I finally extended the possibilities of shots I was able to achieve with it, like throwing a background out of focus without getting extremly close to my subject, or lack of aperture settings or telephoto zooms. I loved my Canon Rebel II at the time, but was really a beginner when I had it and didn't understand photography as much until after it was stolen, this was the main factor for me choosing Canon instead of Nikon. The settings felt the same and remember I haven't used that camera in years and it just felt natural. Needless to say I'm getting better at photography and this camera gives me great pictures without me wasting a roll of film to see how my photos came out. Gotta love digital technology right?! If you have the dough get the camera with the 17-85mm package. Unless you're looking for super telephoto or superwide this lense will sastify you for a while on all types of photos.  One other thing I hear about is the 1.6x crop factor? Maybe it's just me but the 50mm looks like 50mms to me. I don't have a 35mm film camera to compare it with, but oh well. I gave it four stars only because of my history with Amazon and I couldn't buy it from them.