I bought this camera from Costco, while on a trip to Las Vegas and Utah. I used to have a canon Powershot A85 and it was good for my needs. But unfortunately it stopped working right in the middle of the trip.I do not take too many pictures and have little knowledge about photography. I was told by the representative at Costco that this is a great camera for people like me (who just want to click a photo). The higher optical Zoom and the HD video was kind of a bonus. In all, I paid around $300 dollars for it. But to my utter disappointment, the photos were not great (not even as good as my old Canon A85 - which I had bought for $150 four years ago).Here are some of the problems that I found:1. Picture quality was bad. I took photos in Zion national park on a sunny day (with the automatic settings) and the photos were below average.2. Pictures taken in places with lesser lighting were much worse.3. I like to have my pictures with date and time stamped on them but this camera requires that you manually stamp the date/time on each photo (it does not provide an option to enable date/time such that all future photos are automatically stamped). Furthermore, while putting the date/time stamp manually on a photograph, the camera tries to save the old (unstamped) photo in the new format. This means that if you are running low on space then it may not work unless you clear some of the photos. Also, stamping a photo automatically reduces the resolution for the photo to < 3Megapixel4. The video quality seemed good but then again the software that came along with it sucked. The videos are stored using the AVCHD format (which is proprietary of Sony/Panasonic) and the accompanied software does not allow it be stored in the more popular formats such as "mp4" or "avi". It allows you to burn it to a DVD though.. but that is an extra step that I do not like (and did not try).To conclude, I was not happy with the camera at all (especially given its price and in comparison to other cameras that I have used) and so I returned it back.