I love this camera, size and picture quality wise. I did a lot of research and I chose this over the Nikon or Canon because I wanted an underwater housing for it and one wasn't available for those at the time. ... I have tried to get one from Sony but have been unable to do so because I live outside the US. The quality of the pictures is great and I often crop and blow up sections and the quality is still great, although I don't have other brands to compare to. My main problem with the camera is that so few of the features that I want to change from picture to picture are available manually (i.e. on the menu screen)e.g. high, normal or low level flash; Center focus or multipoint focus etc; portrait, macro or landscape mode; twilight, full-sun or shade, most of these features cannot be manually set by the dial on the trot. While scanning through menu features on the screen you miss your picture moment. There is loads of space on the manual dial for these features to be added on the next model of this camera and then I would give it 5 stars. I think if you change settings often another camera might be better. I didn't think that so many basic settings would be unavailable by manual dial. I am still trying to get the underwater housing.I would now add that I was finally able to get the underwater housing from Amazon and love it.  I am finding the lack of quick change from flash: (off, on, auto, red-eye, low, normal, high) a particular irritant especially since, as I have now realised that low light pictures are not that great.  Outdoor pictures however, are superb, especially pictures in and around water, which given where we live are the majority of my photos.  Red-eye is turned off and on from the setup menu, a major pain and so I rarely, if ever use it and choose to correct red-eye by software.  Low, normal and high flash levels are turned off by the menu, again a pain!  I think they should all have been alterable using the flash on, off, auto button on the back of the camera. I am still working on finetuning the manual controls to get better indoor/low-light shots.  I hope the new DSCP-10 has improved on these things.Unlike another reviewer, I have been able to take excellent macro photos of orchids and butterflies, I'd say as close as about 10 inches.