After purchasing a Panasonic BL-C230A and needing a second camera, I thought I'd try this TRENDnet.  Having both camera's working side by side, there are many major differences (these being the highlights) ...>  In daylight situations, the Panasonic is a bazzilion times better.  However, when the sun goes down (or other low level light situations), this TRENDnet is excellent ... the Panasonic barely works.>  On the TRENDnet, administratively set video settings apply to everyone (this one setting viewed by all).  On the Panasonic, each user/client can set their own video configs independently ... different video streaming resolution, snapshots every so many seconds, etc.  This makes the Panasonic indispensable for client access by Android cell phones, etc. (not possible with the TRENDnet)>  On the TRENTnet, the flaky wireless (reported by others) definitely exists, the Panasonic is rock solid.  I've noticed the TRENDnet base gets really warm ONLY when wireless is enabled ... so maybe overheating is the issue?>  The Panasonic has on-board memory for snapshot/video capture.  The TRENDnet requires a memory card plugged into the USB slot.>  The TRENDnet comes with a mounting bracket that is right-angled ... so can mount from the horizontal base side --OR-- 90 degree (vertical) side from the base.  The Panasonic has no mounting bracket, however it has a 1/4"-20 threaded hole on it's back side, suitable for universal camera tripod mounting.>  The TRENDnet can be configured for generic Dynamic DNS service (which I never tried to make work) ... you have to have your own DDNS service account setup somewhere.  The Panasonic includes custom Dynamic DNS service proprietary with the camera (Panasonic maintained) ... THIS WORKS EXCELLENT out of the box, no-brainer.  It may not seem like DDNS is a big deal, until you realize your ISP service changes your IP address every other day, and there are lots of people that want to access your camera (that you now have to keep informed) ... and you yourself need to know your IP address when away at work, etc.So, in the end the night vision wasn't nearly as important (to me) as all the other comparisons.  I've taken the 15% restocking fee hit and RMA'd the TRENDnet camera, soon to purchase a second Panasonic camera.  Hopefully these comparisons will help you choose which is best for you, without having to RMA a camera.