I have only had a point-and-shoot camera in the past. I had been wanting a DSLR for a while now, and planned on purchasing one with my tax refund this year. I was debating between a K-7 and a K-x. After doing A LOT of research I pretty much came to the realization that in the digital SLR photography world there are two big players, Canon and Nikon. After discussing my choices with my friends, one mentioned that his roommate had a K20 and loved it! I started to research Pentax, and discovered the incredible value to cost that you get from Pentax! I was sold on the K-x, then I started thinking I would like to have the benefits of amazing features and the weather seals. I live in Colorado and who knows when the weather will change. Also the stainless steel chassis and magnesium alloy body were a big sell. This K7 feels like you could use it as a hammer!! It doesn't feel like a feather-light toy, as some competitors do. (Same with the 2 WR lenses) Plus the feature list of the K-7 is amazing.I received it earlier than the promised date. It was packed fairly well and the package came in good condition. I took it out and set it to P and shot auto for the first day with the 18-55mm WR lens. I took some awesome shots on a "nature walk" through my neighborhood. I have moved onto the manual mode and have started to get into all the features to this camera. (There are so many!!) Having it for 4 days now, I have shot almost 1400 shots. Both indoor and outdoor. I have taken 30 second time delayed night shots, cloudy, full sun, indoor no flash, with flash. The high ISO noise that I have read people complaining about on forums is minimal if you have the settings right! I already have a "highlight reel" folder with my best shots.I decided to go with Pentax because they are headquartered in Colo. Also I like the fact that I can go buy used lenses and use them in manual focus. A beginner can use this camera and get good results. Yet there is plenty of room to grow into the advanced features and functions!