I bought this camera specifically for a two week tour of China and it did not disappoint!  I highly recommend it, but it is not quite perfect.Positives:Great looking camera and great size.LCD is bright and a great size as well.Camera turns on VERY quickly and is ready to take the next picture very quickly also.Video Mode is awesome.  If you are not a serious videographer and just want clips of several minutes here and there, this camera is for you!  The quality of the video is surpisingly good and stable.  It does not take up a ton of memory on your card either.  From what I understand it is at the better end of the scale by the way it compresses, but it will certainly eat up a little more memory than you are used to with regular pics.The wide angle lens is truly a wide angle lens.  It's amazing and works great.The stitching feature, where you can take three pictures to stich together a 180 degree panoramic picture is really special and captures the feeling of some places that you would otherwise not be able to.The camera is really easy to use and very simple.Overall, for the basic person taking pics on a regular basis, this is a great camera, with some outstanding features that are not just tricks, but truly items of value.Negatives:Some of the pictures we took were a little blurry.  You really need to concentrate to make sure that the person holding the camera is fairly stable.  You would hate to have someone take a great picture of you at the Great Wall of China, only to have it blurry.  Perhaps there is a mode to help with this, but I have not found it.The picture quality is 5MP, which is very good, but the actual pics look just that...good.  I think with the 6MP version of this camera being released soon, that one could be the ticket.  I'm not sure what kind of difference that would make, but it would be nice to see a bit better quality on the photos.Overall, if the special features are interesting to you, the more than make up for the fact that this camera is one of the more expensive point and shoot 5MP cameras.  It is HIGHLY recommended.