The Coolpix L22 is a 12 MP camera for people who like to take good quality pictures and edit them in the camera and on a computer but are not interested in making complicated camera adjustments. It comes with a USB cable that allows transfer directly from camera to computer, a hand strap, two temporary batteries, computer photo manager software, a quick start booklet, and a CD with detailed operating information.The 3 inch monitor allows an image to be visible even in bright light and in the dark. I took it to the beach on a clear sunny day, and even with the sun shining directly on the monitor, I could see the image clearly.  In the dark the display is brightly lit. There is a selection of several languages for display messages on the monitor. Date and time including time zones can be set. Pictures can be played back so the photo shoot of the day can be observed and edited.There is a one finger zoom control (best for right handed people) on the top right of the camera.  All you have to do is focus and shoot after selecting a zoom size. It has an automatic face recognition feature that puts the face in focus when you point. The camera also allows you to make "movies."The Coolpix has five shooting modes: Easy Auto Mode, Scene Mode, Smart Portrait, Movie, and Auto Mode (more flexible options).  It has a built in flash, self timer, macro setting for close ups, and exposure compensation that brightens or darkens the photo depending on ambient light conditions.You can keep the Coolpix on Easy Auto Mode and use it in most situations. But you can click on many specialty settings in a handy menu by selecting Scene Mode. Examples of these specialty settings include: Portrait, Landscape, Sports, Night portrait, Party/indoor, Beach/snow (the one I used at the beach), Sunset, Dusk/dawn, Night landscape, Close-up, Food, Museum, Fireworks show, Copy (black and white), Backlight (for an object in front of a bright background), and Panorama assist.The Coolpix L122 package is designed for quick learning of the camera's function. The Quick Start will get you going, but the detailed information and examples on the CD Manual will make you an expert on the camera in an hour. Once you know all about it, you realize it is the perfect camera for travel. My wife is a tour guide and is usually very busy on trips. She likes to take a lot of pictures and does not have time to make complex camera adjustments. She will be going as a passenger on a trip to China in Spring, and she will be able to use the point and shoot and special settings on the strictly controlled tour.This is an outstanding camera that was shipped on time and arrived in perfect condition. It was offered at a very affordable price. I give it my highest recommendation.