I have been searching for the best camera for my needs for more than 8 years. I have been using Olympus and Fuji Point & Shoots but kept wanting more. I need a good low light camera, adjustable flash, and low/no shutter lag and quick recycle...I want to take decent shots for parties and weddings. I thought since prices are dropping now would be a good time to "reluctantly" go SLR. I got the Pentax K-X for my own little birthday present 3 months ago so I have taken plenty of shots with it.  The PROS - It's pretty quick. Focus and shot to shot times are low with the kit lens.  AA batteries!!! YEA!!!  The Cons - LIMITED LENS CHOICES! I bought a 18-200 Tamron (Returned It) got Blur & distortion on the edges.  I did get a Sigma 50mm...NICE SHOTS but no zoom.  The kit lens (18-55) is a joke...3X REALLY?  Live View is a JOKE! It lifts the mirror and then time s l o w s  t o  a  c r a w l.  There is a BLUR/Smear that happens whenever you take a photo in moderate to low light. This IS a documented problem with this camera. It makes hands, clothing or anything that is not in the direct fire of the flash blurry and a deal-breaker for me. Every camera has it's weaknesses but this is unacceptable!  I didn't want to go SLR because of "Mirror shake" (When the SLR Mirror flips up & down), Proprietary batteries and expensive lenses. Now that several P&S;'s have CMOS sensors...I'm going back again to try the new advanced Point & Shoots. The larger the sensor, the larger the lens has to be. Now that CMOS sensors of such high quality are being made and photos rival SLR's....there is less excuses to go SLR. If you're a wedding photographer then you're ALREADY spent your money but for me... I will try a Superzoom advanced Point & Shoot.After buying 4 different "Advanced Point & Shoots" (HS10/HS20/FZ100/P500) I feel this camera does out-perform even the new BSI CMOS point & shoots. They were rushed to production way too fast. There are some things I would change about this camera but then It wouldn't be $475.00. (The cost of the above cameras)This camera does need light to focus. Even though I don't like using flash I recommend the Polaroid PL144AZ Flash Unit ($120.00)It has an AF Illuminator built in for faster focusing and It does reduce red-eye.So...I'll be using this for awhile and maybe we'll get along.