I rarely write reviews but this was such a disappointing product (especially after the rave reviews) that I feel I need to guide folks away from this product.First the positives:+ The optical zoom really is incredible.  I took some zoomed night shots (braced on a window sill) with a 4 second exposure at full zoom, and the detail is amazing.  Kudos to a fine lens to make that possible -- would expect nothing less from Fujinon.Unfortunately, that's just about it for the positives.  And I really am looking at this as a P&S; (point and shoot), not as an SLR (single lens reflex).  On to what really made this camera unworkable:- Terrible noise.  At 400 ISO in low light, it has as much noise as my old F31fd at _1600_ ISO in low light.  (Note: I am comparing the F70 against another P&S;, not an SLR.)  I had hoped that it was just the LCD screen but after loading the craptastic Finepix Viewer on to my laptop (450 MB of bloatware) to ensure that any Fuji-specific import of photos into the laptop was preserved, I find that the noise is just as bad in the end result viewed on screen.  It's to the point where most of the shots, unless in completely bright daylight OUTSIDE were pretty painful to look at.  And forget about cropping a picture because the result blown up cropped section is too noisy.- Shots were blurred even in a brightly lit room even at 800 ISO.  The problem is even a SLIGHT zoom ratchets the aperture beyond f/4.7 which means the shutter has to stay open for a REALLY long time, creating blurred shots.  (Unless you're taking braced shots of things that don't move.)- Largest aperture is f/3.3 whereas the F31fd is a nice, bright f/2.0.  This makes a huge huge difference and is likely the cause of aforementioned blurring.- I thought that the EXR would help with low-light, especially at higher "sensitivities" (ISO's).  It didn't.  Shots at 800 and above are basically unusable.- Not sure if this is a trend, but if I pay $250 for a camera, I expect to have a paper manual inside, not just a CD with a PDF on it.  I used this camera while on a business trip and wasn't super excited about propping a laptop up in bed to read about how to use it.- It's BIGGER than the F31fd.  Just as deep and tall, but it's actually longer.In summary, this camera has a beautiful lens but it's wasted because the rest of the features make it impossible to take pictures of anything that might be moving in anything short of bright daylight.  Thinking now that our course of action will be to repair our trusty old F31fd!