What I like about this camera?1 Wide angle.2 Video mode. Easy, clear, wide angle.3 Panoramic function (doesn't stich very well but helluva fun funtion)4 built quality.  Metal body,feels solid and impressive.What I REALLY do not like about this camera?1) when in Wide angle lens mode, zooming is digital, not optical and quality is NOT NICE AT ALL.2) In wide angle lens, it's really wide angle.  Use it outdoor and you like the landscape pictures, use it to shoot a person, you have to get so close to a person that the edges are rounded, and the person looking weird.3) Operation functions, you must have a really rock steady hand to take ok photos, at best they're ok photos. And I mean outdoor sunny pictures.4) Lousy indoor picture quality, I mean really lousy.5) Color is average, like any cheap entry level Canon, Nikon.  Makes good 4R prints but never for presentation purposes.6) Docking station not friendly (for Downloading stuff), I have to use a card reader as the Kodak Docking Station almost need the expertise of a space station crew to manage.Man, I can go on and on about what I don't like about V570Why I say stuff like that?I'm an amatuer photographer, therefore I need a good steady camera for mostly point and shoot.  This camera, while may look it, but certainly is not it.  2nd point, I also use the Fujifilm S5000 (3.2MP) semi DSLR camera, lower resolution, but more manual features.  After using the S5000 for 3 - 4 years, and the picture and color quality I got from the Fuji, its heaven on earth vs the Kodak.Did I regret buying the Kodak?Originally, I wanted the Kodak for a point and click compact camera (vs. my DSLR sized S5000 Fuji).  The 2 lens (Schnieder lens) made sense and the super wide angle appealed to me.  But I don't know what to do with it.  I don't like using it because the outcome, end result are average photos, what many entry level compacts will do, or do better, mind you Kodak V570 ain't entry level price.  Don't know what to do with it, too cheap to sell as used camera, too expensive to buy another compact Digicam.  YES, I REGRET GETTING THE V570.Conclusion, NO!! No buy!!  You have to be me to know it.