I just came back from a trip on which I took hundreds of pictures. I love the pictures made with this camera, especially when viewed on a large screen. I have been a devoted Canon fan (I own 4 Canon cameras) but the Canon 200SX does not come close to the Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3.I wanted quality and portability. SLRs have much larger sensors and will take better images. But they are bulky, and they are expensive. While this camera is not the smallest, it packs a great 12x zoom along with a 28mm wide angle in a pocketable size and weight. You won't hesitate to take it along.What I like about this camera:The Leica lens on  my camera is very sharp, from 28mm to full 12x zoom. (Note: quality varies in a masss-produced lens. Test you camera after purchase)Intelligent automated settings that work well in virtually all conditions.The processsor provides excellent noise reduction at larger ISO, meaning you can take pictures indoors without flash. Fewer and fewer places (castles, churches, museums) allow flash pictures these days and with the Lumix DZS3 you can do without.The shake compensation really helps keep pictures sharp. It also works very well at 12x zoom, with pictures acceptable even without tripod.  Furthermore, the small residual amount of graininess or low-light noise is easily eliminated with a tool like Photoshop. Not a requirement unless you print a huge poster.The camera also compensates in scenes with very bright and very dark areas.All the above points are where my Canon cameras fall short. The Canons do take outstanding pictures in bright light.I did not make movies so I can't comment on those features.What I don't like about this camera:A little bulkier and heavier than ideal, but it is the best compromise compared to SLRs.Time lag when shooting, a result of the otherwise excellent intelligent detection technology (which evaluates motion, light, scene, face, subject tracking, etc.)There are limited manual controls if automation is turned off.No viewfinder.It may be hard to see the LCD image when shooting in bright light. I found it is best, when in doubt about coverage, to take slightly wider pictures and to reframe/crop the picture later. The huge resolution means no loss in quality.No sound comment option. Canon allows to attach a short sound recording to shots, handy to identify people and places in the picture.Anti-competitive feature: Panasonic Rev1.2 firmware disallows non-Panasonic replacement batteries which cost 1/3rd of Panasonic brand. If you downgrade to firmware Rev1.1 they all work.