I purchased this item 11/27/2012. The pan and tilt camera didn't move, no panning or tilting, so I immediatley contacted Lorex for a replacement. They suggested I return it to Amazon for a new one. Amazon replaced the camera without a problem on 12/30/12.The unit then worked well for about a year. When the monitor is actually working, this is an ok device. I also have a Graco, sound only monitor, in my toddler's room as a backup. When they are both on you can hear a slight lag in the Lorex monitor, so the images and sounds are a few seconds behind what is actually going on in the room. Also, the sound quality and volume is terrible compared to the Graco. On the highest volume setting the Lorex is not as clear or loud as the Graco is on not quite half volume. I do like being able to see what is going on in the room though, so I would highly recommend a video monitor versus a sound only one, I just won't be recommending any Lorex products.I'm writing this review 1/3/14. The prong inside the monitor that connects the charger cord to the monitor for charging is broken. We had registered the monitor with Lorextechnology.com, so we opened a ticket online on 12/25/13. 9 days later, no one from customer service had called or written back, so we called them. They had no record of the ticket we opened, and said, sorry it's been more than a year, can't help you. It had been less than a year since the replacement from Amazon had arrived when we opened the ticket, so we tried calling customer service again. This time they said we have to fax a receipt and then pay for shipping to send it back to them. I am terrified of doing this because if they can't even keep track of my online ticket how can I trust they won't lose the monitor completely and say they have no record of it? I wish they would do what Amazon did the first time, send us a replacement and charge us if they don't get the broken one back. Then it would at least be worth trying.I will not be purchasing any Lorex products again in the future, and I will tell anyone looking for a monitor to avoid their products!