This camera is a cutie, and takes great outdoors pictures on automatic mode.  One trick I found to get good all-around pictures is to put it on manual mode with "flash-enabled" at all times.  This gives you good pictures indoors as well as outdoors in most situations, especially backlit ones.  Also, pictures with the flash have less shadows on the faces.On my recent vacation I used the Canon s200 almost exclusively since it is so portable. You can slip it in your pocket and have it ready in no time. Besides, it is unobstrusive, and you don't go around looking like a tourist with a big bulky bag.  You can also print out pictures with the Canon CP-100 Digital Printer, which is a small portable dye-sublimination printer (not inkjet, so it won't smudge).  It's a great combo to take on vacation or to a party since you can print out pictures right there and share with friends and relatives.Another neat feature is the stitch-assist mode.  You take a series of pictures, by looking through the LCD, it'll show your previous picture half-way and helps you to line up the image.  You can then import this sequence into the Photostitch software provided and get an instant panoramic.  The Canon Photo Browser software remembers which set of pictures were shot in a series, and the transfer and stitching is very easy and automatic with a few clicks.  This feature is great for vacationers and real estate agents, and adds to the fun of using this camera.  The resulting image is likely to be huge, but using any photo editing software you can reduce the size for web-pages (set the width to 800 pixels) and create some really awesome vacation web pages.Another fun feature is the movie clips you can take.  It's very simple to use.  Just slide it to movie mode, push once on the shutter-release to start taking the movie, and once to end it.  Surprisingly it even records sound, so you can get the kids to say Happy Birthday to their grandma and send it to her via e-mail.For convenient show and tell, Canon includes a cord that allows you to connect the camera to a TV (and there is both a video and an audio cable - for the sound in the avi (movie) mode).