Long story short:  the DMC-ZS3 is a grainy, noisy, blurry camera.Grainy:  even in sunlight and the lowest ISO settings, zooming in to full image shows noticeable graininess in all areas of the picture.  Completely unacceptable for a 10MP camera.  Going toward ISO 400 and it just gets worse and worse.Noisy:  Try setting your ISO at 400 or higher, and its noise-city, baby.Blurry:  Seems the optical image stabilization on this pocket rocket is sub par.  Indoors shooting at a party, exposures were typically between 1/4 and 1/15 of a second.  All resulted in pretty blurry shots.  Very dissappointing.  My old SD870IS would have run circles around the ZS3.The lens: fantastic.  Interface?  Extraordinary.  Features?  Ease of use?  Exemplary.  Video mode?  Awesome.  But you can't build a great camera when the foundation of it is not solidly built.  You can't build a tall gleaming beautiful skyscraper on a marsh;  it just won't stand up on its own.I had to give this product a one star rating because it doesn't do the ONE BASIC thing a camera should do well:  take sharp pictures.  If you crop your photos 50%, you will see grain and noise everywhere even in bright sunlight.  I am really saddened to put this review up here on Amazon, as I was really thrilled about this camera's performance and gleaming reviews all over the board (one of the best point and shoots of 2009?!?!) but I wanted to warn people about the reality of the situation:  the picture quality is just sub-par.  For examples of the graininess of photos, google "ZS3 grainy" and take a look at what people are saying.Keep in mind, I am a stickler for details and quality.  However if all you do is put pictures up on facebook, this camera will work wonders for you.{ Before anyone discounts this review, let me say:  My experience is photo enthusiast. A bit more than a casual picture taker, I have a lot of experience with the technical side of cameras and electronics in general.  I own a digital SLR (Nikon) and have owned a Cannon Powershot SD870IS in the past along with several Pentax point-and-shoots. The SD870IS, which is about 3 years old now, blows the ZS3 out of the water with picture quality and performance. }