i like this camera a lot. i've owned 3 other casio models (ex-m20, ex-s500, ex-s600), 1 samsung (nv10), and 1 canon (sd750) and i like this one the most. i'll admit that it's really easy to get a good shot with the samsung and the canon, so people might prefer them over the casios, but i feel like i've got a good enough understanding of the casio to get the results that i want. so in regards to picture taking, it's really up to the user how well the images come out.one reason i really enjoy this camera is the extent to which i can customize it to my liking. it really is only a few things, like a few customizable buttons and the ability to choose which settings the camera will remember. but the menu layout is very very intuitive to begin with, so the camera is very enjoyable to use apart from the customizing features. another minor (but great) feature is the adjustable flash intesity - really good for avoiding over-exposure in closer shots.i'm big on videos and this camera is awesome for that! i don't understand what other reviewers are saying when they only say that the sound is "ok." i think the sound is pretty good (i've compared it with various other manufacturers and models). the only camera that is better in sound capture quality (in my opinion) is the canon sd750. but the only setting where the sd750 outshines the ex-s770 is when you're trying to record a video of a live concert. i discovered this 'cause my gf had the sd750 before i did. this is actually what made me purchase the sd750. however, 1 week into playing with the canon, i realized that the canon saves videos in a very large file format. so this is where the ex-s770 ends up being on top again. on a blank 2BG SD card, i was only able to get 16 minutes (640x480 @ 30fps) on the sd750 (seriously, WTF?!). but with the ex-s770 (same quality settings) i was able to get a little over 2 hours and i still considered the sound quality to be quite excellent.another neat feature that shouldn't be weigh in too much in your decision - but still worth mentioning - is the data feature. it allows you to convert any type of data file and have it upload directly to your camera. i use it for train maps and schedules. again this isn't a big deal at all. if you've already got an a smartphone, you can already do that and prob even more. but still, it's there if you want to use it.ok, this is too long. but the above reasons are why i ended up choosing the casio exilim ex-s770.