I've had my eye on getting a digital camera for quite a while, but I waited until now for the right combination features to get within my price range.  The Canon A40 was well worth the wait.  Within five minutes of opening the box, I was taking great pictures with this camera.  I wouldn't call the more complex features of the A40 intuitive, but with 3-4 hours of experimenting, I had figured out almost everything without opening the manual (although the manual is handy for picking up the details). Installation of the software on my XP system was a breeze.  I still don't have everything figured out yet, but the basics were self-explanatory without the manual.  Along with the camera, I bought 2 sets of Maha 1800mAh NiMH rechargeable batteries and the Maha fast charger.  I guess I can't really say how well the batteries work because I haven't managed to run through the first charge yet! ;)  I also picked up the 128 MB SanDisk flash card.The only real problem I have with the A40 is in getting the autofocus to lock correctly and consistently.  The problem is especially bad indoors, where I miss a lot of easy shots that my point-and-shoot Fuji 35mm could handle easily.  The camera is unable to get a focus lock on anything about 10% of the time.  When it does claim that it has a lock, about 5% of the time it was actually focusing on a spot about a foot below the squares in the LCD that are supposed to show what the autofocus is locked on.  The focus difficulties were almost enough for me to give the camera 4 stars, but when you consider this rare problem against the price, the features, and all of the fantastic pictures I've taken already, it's clear that this camera deserves the highest rating.One thing that I would like to see on future generations of this camera is a 4-way thumb pad like the S330 has.  This would be useful when you're changing the settings, looking at thumbnails, or reviewing a picture in the viewfinder.All in all, there's no camera in this price range that comes close to the A40.  The A40 is a fantastic camera with great features and gives anyone the ability to take sharp and clear digital pictures.