So I purchased this camera used, in "good" condition. So, although it seems like that could have been upped to a "like New" condition, I will not let that phase the review.For starters, What I like about the CameraThis D-SLR fits very comfortably in the hand. The grip is well molded to fit my average sized hand and makes it very easy to use it for prolonged amounts of time. The buttons are very well placed on the camera, I am able to reach almost all of the ones on the right side with my right hand. This, again, makes it very easy to use for prolonged amounts of time since I do not have to outreach my fingers. Another feature I like about the camera is the interface. The menus are easy to navigate and for anyone who is a novice, there is a setting in the menu that makes it more simplified for you. Scrolling through photos taken is a breeze, I can quickly swap between multiple photos with the wheel, or thumb pad. The camera also has a feature where when viewing photos, by turning the front wheel, it will show you the different Hue densities, Image file info, Highlighted areas, and tools for making small in camera edits such as brightness and contrast. The Lens that came with mine is the 18-135mm lens, so the following information is based upon that. The included lens has an auto focus that VERY quickly snaps to make a very clear image quickly. The auto focus most of the time will focus better than manual.Next, Specific features about the cameraThe camera can be set to a very wide range of shutter speeds, 30 seconds to 1/4000 of a second to be exact.Inside the menu, you can select a feature that will you to take a double exposure photo, This is not very clearly mentioned, and is definitely a big plus.The camera can be set to take very low resolution images in JPEG format, and also very high res RAW files. a very nice counterpart of this is it will allow you to store a photo as two types as once, for example: the same photo in both RAW and JPEGAs stated in the above paragraph, the camera has some simple editing software inside, allowing for simple contrast and brightness adjustments.Next, things I don't like about the cameraThere aren't many things to not like, If I had to dislike anything it would be the include lens. The lens is HIGHLY sensitive to dust collection. I notice that an extreme amount of dust has collected on the internal lens. (I know the difference between little dust and a lot of dust) The dust is not my fault either, the camera is stored inside a case and the only time it could collect dust is during use. Otherwise, the camera is great!