This camera is phenomenal and definitely the best camera I've owned. I've had the camera now for about 3 years and it still amazes me with the quality and clarity of photos I get from it. I had a Canon Powershot prior and wish I had this Sony DSCV3 instead. The fact that the Sony DSCV3 accepts both the Memory Stick and Compact Flash (and yes both in the camera at the same time) made it easy moving from the Canon which was Compact Flash only.There are so many settings capable on this camera as well as the scene modes, its hard to take a bad picture. Even with low light situations the hologram projection makes capturing your photo easy. Some situations definitely benefit from having the external flash unit available.I also love the Multi Burst and Speed Burst modes of the Sony DSCV3. These settings allow you to take several continuos shots in succession, typically for moving objects. It works great, does take some getting use to, and the recording time seams a little long at times. This recording time being the main thing it takes practice to get use to.I also have used the video capture capabilites quite a bit on various vacation trips and am very pleased with the results. Again, this is where the dual cards in the camera at the same time comes in handy, you can capture video to the Memory Stick card and capture your photos to the Compact Flash card. Very simple to do and provides for a lot of storage space.I did not like the Picture Package software that came with the camera, but I found a couple software programs I do like a lot, Corel's Photo Album 6 Deluxe is great for downloading the photos and videos from your camera as well as orgainizing them and most importantly, backing them up to an external hard drive and DVDs. I also have used the Corel Paint Shop product for editing my photos, one of the easiest to use that I've found. However, with the Sony DSCV3 I find the biggest thing I correct on my photos is the red eye. Even though it has the red eye reduction settings, you still get some red eye, depending on whether or not the people you are shooting are looking right at the camera lens or not.I'll probably have this camera for some time to come. The one I will look at next will be the Sony Alpha. Loving their cameras!