When you first get it out of the box you marvel at its small size. Can it really take pictures? - looks more like a toy. Then you look at the user's manual and you are amazed by its thickness - all this for a point & shoot camera? As you read through it you find it hard to comprehend that so many features are included in such a small package - technology has certainly progressed!And then you take your first picture. It's not good, so you take a second, then a third, then you fill the weak 8mb flash card supplied with the Elph with test pictures. None of them are good. They're either out of focus, or too contrasty, or the background has been `washed out'. Almost all are badly framed too. What gives? So you go back to the user's manual and re-read and start trying different settings, combinations and shooting techniques. Eventually you manage to produce a really nice picture. Then you realize you have *worked* for it.The S200 Elph has wrongly been touted as an entry-level camera. Its picture quality in auto-mode-point-and-shoot is nothing to write home about. Lens flare is way, way pronounced (cheap optics, in plain English). To get good photos you have to plan and compose carefully. Which, in my mind, defeats the purpose of going for this camera. It is supposed to be *practical*. Size aside, it's no more practical than all digital cameras. You shoot, you download, there's the picture. They all do that, and it's the reason we have come to love them. Doesn't mean we have to have bad photos.There are other gripes, many pointed out even in the positive reviews: problematic flash, shutter lag, no camera case, no battery life indicator, inadequate zoom factor, weak software. But all these pale into insignificance compared to the main problem: Picture quality. This is so essential, I don't see why we should even bother with other shortcomings. After all we take pictures because we expect them to come out beautiful, don't we? I do. If you think like me, pass on the Elph. If, on the other hand, the beauty of the camera is important, get the Elph. It's small and techno-loaded, it's shiny and oh-so-cute. It delivers big in the `cool' category. Just don't ask it to deliver pictures.