I bought this camera as a birthday present for my wife about a month ago. It's our first digital camera, and we're basically "point-and-shoot" types.  So far we love it. The tiny size is a big plus as it easily fits in purse or pants pocket. It feels very solid and the controls are well laid out.  Even my wife (not technically inclined) finds the camera easy to use. It also has some neat features such the built-in automatic lens cover and automatically detecting whether you're taking portrait or landscape views and rotating the images internally.  It also has an amazing "stitch" feature which will combine several panorama photos taken end to end into one long image.  It automatically matches the edges!  It's slightly distorted, but still pretty neat.  How do they do that?  The way the menus are displayed on the LCD screen makes changing camera modes a breeze.  You can also upload pictures to your PC without pushing any buttons just by plugging it in!  The user manual seems well written considering the complexity of the subject.  Like others, I was disappointed that Cannon does not provide a case or larger CF card, but for the money the s200 still seems a good deal.  Our local 'big-box' store matched the best price I found on the internet.  The picture quality at high resolution is terrific. I view them on my 19" PC monitor and they look very professional.  Even the medium res pictures look good.  Another unexpected plus was the included software.  I found it very easy to use and with plenty of features for a beginner.  The included ArcSoft PhotoImpression software does everything I want with a digital photograph including special effects editing, cropping, text layering, framing, making greeting cards and calendars, etc.  It simplifies placing multiple images or combinations on one page, which minimizes waste of pricey papers.  It also has a "fantasy" section that lets you create dummy magazine covers featuring faces from pictures you take.  Lot's of fun to play with, though I haven't fully explored it yet.  All told, we are very pleased and impressed with the camera.  While I'm sure other digital cameras provide many of the same features, Cannon's photographic reputation, other user reviews and the camera's small size ultimately sold me on this model.  This is a great little point-and-shoot camera, I only wish I'd had it on our trip to Europe!  I don't think we'll ever go back to 35mm again!