The first one Amazon sent me had some coatings missing on the smaller lens.  Both lenses in the second kit looked used (judging by the threading in the back of the lens), but at this point I did not care as long as the camera worked.  Amazon returns are great!Coming from a point and shoot with a virtually silent shutter, this shutter sounds awfully loud.  Even in comparison to the Nikon F2, the shutter sound is much louder.  Maybe it was because the F2 was used more heavily, it maybe that Pentax is louder in general.The Auto Focus is very slow with Live View.  It focuses out, then in, then finds the correct focus.  I tried the Auto Focus with on the Sony Alpha a500 at Best Buy with Live View and the K-X is downright sluggish in comparison.  With Live View off, it is just as fast as any other entry level dslr.I bought this because I did not want to lug around a camera and video camera.  As of February 2010, this is the only dslr that runs on batteries that can take HD (720p) video.  The sound is monaural, but the videos are clear and smooth.  When Live View is on, there is a hissing/clicking noise that the video picks up.  However, this is not loud enough to disrupt video at your usual family gatherings.  Also, Auto Focus is not available during video recording, you must use Manual Focus.A note about the kit lens: the kit lenses do not have the Quick Shift Focus and the distance scale that are on the stand alone lenses.With all that said, this camera takes clear pictures in the dark.  The 30 second and bulb exposure can almost capture everything your eyes can see in the dark.  This camera can see infrared, so with the infrared filter, you can take some neat and eerie pictures.The menu and user interface is intuitive and easy to understand.  This is a very ergonomical camera.  I have been trying to get lens flares in my pictures, but have yet to succeed.  The coating on the lens do a great job of inhibiting lens flares.In the end, first and foremost this is a camera that takes beautiful pictures and good videos.  This will not replace your video camera, but is handy to have both features in a small package.