This is a great camera if you are a photographer. It takes excellent photos and has lots of sophisticated capabilities. Unfortuntely, I concluded that I need something that is simpler, has less opportunities to mess up, and that will consistently take excellent photos inside and out without having to adjust the settings.I bought this camera to replace an aging Canon S50 that is used for family photos inside and outside. After spending hours trying to satisfy myself that this was a good replacement (particularly with respect to inside snapshots), I decided that if I had to work that hard to get the snapshots I wanted, that this was not the right  camera for me. I suspect a serious photographer would reach a different conclusion.I did make a few observations in comparing it with my wife's Canon SD870 and my older Canon S50. All three cameras can take great pictures indoor and out. Since indoor photos seem to be much more difficult than outdoor photos I spent my time trying to get the best indoor snapshots. I found that F70 in auto modes consistently pushed the ISO to higher levels than the Canon cameras and it seemed to me that this tended to result in grainier photos. Most of the Canon shots were automatically set at around 100 ISO whereas the F70 only shot at 100 if I set it there. The rest of the time it went to 400 or higher. With the F70 I found that I liked the indoor photos the best if I set the ISO at 200 or 100, At the 100 ISO I had to correct the photos on the computer. With the Canon cameras the auto setting gave me much better results with a lot less opportunity to make mistakes.The F70 has a ton of capabilities, but after spending 5 or 6 hours shooting test shots I concluded that I want a camera that consistently takes good snapshots inside or outside without having to change settings. The F70 is not that camera. It clearly can take excellent photos, but the firmware does not make it idiot-proof like our Canon cameras tend to be.All in all, while I think this is an excellent camera, I do not think it is an excellent camera for casual family photos. I think you have to be into photography for this to be a really good fit. There are better cameras for taking consistently good family photos.