Don't be fooled by the good reviews. I bought this camera for two basic reasons. I like using AA batteries because I always have the rechargeable ones at my house. I don't need a special camera charger. I can just grab batteries and go. Never have to wait. And #2 was because of the great ratings on Amazon.But I was tricked.There is way too long of a delay when switching between modes, the pictures come out blurry 8 out of 10 times, the colors on the LCD screen do not match the colors on the actual picture, the flash whitewashes everything.When you normally see a camera flash you think "I'm done, now I can move." But not so with this thing. There is this slight delay. When the subjects think the picture was taken, the camera is still taking the picture, but they have started moving, and then it comes out blurry. But you don't see the result of the picture for about another 1 or 2 seconds. But by that time most of your people have already gone on with their lives. Now you have to ask them to pose again.Then you have color issues. The LCD screen is the viewfinder and you will see a yellow tinted picture, but then the actual picture will come out brighter, especially with the flash. The flash just overpowers and washes out everything.Also, the image stablizers cause a delay in what you see on the screen as compared to real life. As if the processor is running too slow. What is on the screen is about half a second off from real time, and is a bit choppy. They should have stuck with the viewfinder.We used the camera for 1 week and realized it was just worthless, and we are returning it. Either the camera is defective or the design is just cra- not well thought out- p.Here were some common phrases said while using the camera:"Wait, can you guys come back the picture came out blurry.""Oh you moved too much""Wow  the flash is too strong""Sorry, it takes like 2 seconds to snap"It is horrible for those candid shots. We ended up using our camera phones.So go right out and buy one today and give it as a gift to someone you hate. Merry Christmas.