When I received this camera, I didn't expect it to give me full quality shots with premium quality. I expected it to be a camera for simple small photographs that could fit in my pocket. It does a lot more. Olympus' D535 Zoom has a 3.2 MP interface that includes powerful 3x optical zoom and 4x digital zoom. Though the digital zoom isn't really a necessity, it can be useful at times. Another great feature with this camera is it's 7 modes: Automatic (for regular shooting), Portrait Mode (taking photos of people), Self Portrait Mode (for self-portraits), Landscape Mode (outdoor pictures), Nightlife Mode (for nighttime photos), Macro Mode (for close-up pics), and Super Macro Mode (for super close pictures). These features are very overwhelming. Therefore, a lot of button space is needed. The LCD screen is a mere 1.5". Luckily, anything in this price range won't really get you more unless you search through thousands of websites looking for cheap prices.Many people with big hands will not like this camera. I reccomend Olympus' larger D540 camera for those with big hands. People with smaller hands will enjoy this camera. This camera lacks internal memory with a mere 16 MB worth of pictures. Therefore, an XD card is a MUST for D535 owners. I bought an XD card worth 512 MB at Office Depot the other day for $59.99. That is almost half the price of the camera. Rediculous, yes, but a must. Because it is so small, I reccomend warranties. Other features with this camera includes a self-timer feature that will last for 12 seconds before taking the photo. But, the self-timer feature is nothing without a tripod (sold separately). For those 'beginner' camera buyers, they'll want to try out a starter kit, which I have. It includes a digital camera case, mini tripod, cleaning kit, and a rechargeable battery kit, which is a very useful system.The picture quality is okay. You need a very sunny, very lighted room to get a good picture. That is where this camera falls down. You'll want to invest money in Photoshop Elements 3.0 or a different image editing program if you want to experience total 'photo quality'. But, if you are capable of getting into a well-lit area, you'll be lucky to hear that this camera will take splendid pictures.Pros-Great Picture Capability-Great Optical Zoom for its Price-Great Brand Name that Adds Dozens to the Price-Cheap for A lot of Features-ModesCons-Small LCD Screen-Bad Pictures For Dark Areas-Small Size for Big Hands