I have an unaccountable attraction to small point and shoot cameras, even though I have pretensions to being more than a casual photographer. And when I do get my hands on a point and shoot, I want to test its limits. The limits of these cameras are generally poorer performance across the board compared with their big brother digital SLRs, but their attraction is of course their simplicity and small size. If made right, they should be the ideal street camera.I recently acquired what is considered to be the best point and shoot available, the Panasonic LX-3, and I haven't been disappointed with it. It's super-fast lens and ability to shoot raw images make it hard to beat in this category. However it's not really a pocket camera, so the convenience factor is compromised. You really need to hang it around your neck.The Fuji F200 EXR is truly a pocket camera, and so I find myself carrying it to more places. Its automatic lens cap nicely protects it without my having to worry about it, and it has a plethora of features. Some have complained that it is not very intuitive, and that the various automatic settings don't always result in the best possible images. I have found this to be true especially in interior shots without flash, notably these cameras' weakest area. The camera either pushes the ISO to a noisy 1600 level, or if I prevent this, the shots are often blurry. Moreover the color, especially in mixed light, can get a little wonky.I have been spending a good deal of time with the EXR features, and agree with other reviewers that the total automatic setting under EXR is to be avoided. The camera just isn't that smart. However, if you give it a little help, and experiment with some of the specific EXR settings, most notably those designed to reduce noise, you can get some pretty good results, even at 1600. The 5X zoom is robust enough to pull in quite a bit, and the close-up macro capability is impressive. You can focus down to a couple of inches.The non-HD video capability is only average -- good for those times when you don't have a better video camera with you, mostly for casual use.This is a good $229 camera priced at $369. It needs at least one more generation before it's the camera it could be.