I was looking for a new camcorder. While searching and comparing Kodak Zi8 and Mino Flip HD, I came through a review which suggested this ZS3 instead. So, when you compare specs with these 3 models, the ZS3 comes out a winner. For about $60 more (than you would spend on a Kodak or Flip) you get a Full HD camcorder, a *fantastic* point and shoot and REAL lenses - which, by the way, has a 12x OPTICAL zoom.My only 2 complaints would be (A:) the lack of a power cable to charge its battery directly, and (B:) the battery life - way too short compared to my old and reliable Sony P200. A firmware upgrade Panasonic done on this camera rendered useless ALL the compatible (grey market) batteries out there. So you can only turn to Panasonic's original (and quite expensive) battery. Such a shame.The pros, on the other hand, outweights by a large amount these 2 negative points. Please, read on.Its autofocus is simply magic.I got a small kid, which stands still for about 1/2 second. Anyone with small kids knows what I'm talking about. This ZS3 uses that split second to get a hold on the subject and follows around the fugitive kid - correcting the focus! So you can press the shutter button whenever you want: most pictures will come out just crystaline.And it also got face recognition.Not quite smart- sometimes it's not able to recognize a already registered face - but impressive when it gets right.You can register 5 faces on the ZS3.About the camcorder use.The files generated when filming with the ZS3 is something alien (in a very complex file-folder structure) which I can only access (read and write in a different format) with iMovie '09. VLC also can read and play them, but since VLC cannot export and save, it's no good. Final Cut Pro doesn't seem to recognize the connected ZS3. I read somewhere FCP is supposed to recognize and import these video files in Log and Capture dialog window, but I wasn't able to do so.Since these videos *are* in AVCHD native format (and very compressed), passing them through Apple Compressor gives you a small file with pretty heavy artifacts. Even choosing H.264 codec. That is: the video becomes dirty and useless.The bottomline: good camera, fair pricing (not cheap), that I can recommend for anyone interested in a good portable Full HD camcorder that - eventually - is a superb point-and-shoot photographic camera.