1.  First put in stores in April 2002.  Great phot quality for a 2.0 Megapixel.  I use it for sending photos on the web.  It's great for that.2.  After lots of research, this is the best I could find for under [money].  Super buy.3.  You need a USB port on your computer.4.  Easy easy easy to use.  If you have Windows XP on your computer, you plug the USB adaptor into the camera. XP recognizes the camera as a drive.  (No software to install).  You simply drag and drop the jpegs to your hard drive same as you would any files from any disk or drive.  When you unplug the USB, the camera turns off.  This probably works on Win98 as well, but you might want to check that out ahead of time.5.  Battery life is unmatched.  I have used it all day (in the viewfinder mode) without seeing the battery power indicator move at all.6.  Sixe 4 1/2  X 2 1/2 inches.7.  Even close, the viewfinder does an excellent job of properly centering the photo.  This saves battery life.  You don't have to turn the screen on unless you want it.8.  Downfalls:  You close the sliding lens cap to turn the camera off.  If you push it too hard, the lens caps hits the lens and causes the pull-in-the-lens mechanism to jam.  Can't review your photos on the rear screen unless you first turn the camera off.  Pretty annoying if you want to show your shot to someone immediately.9.  Other things you will need. Get a cheap (non Olympus) NiCd batter charger.  I found an Eveready set for [money].  It's much cheaper than the Olympus and works as well.  Get a SmartMedia 128MB card to replace the one in the camera.  You will have trouble filling it up before you download.  ...  You may want a vinyl case.  It's not included.10.  Lots of other features I have never found the need to use, but they give a lot of added capability and depth to the camera.11.  Finally, the pop up flash does a great job with fill in ... like when you are taking a photo of people with a window behind them.  The center weighted metering is not very good, so you will have to select flash instead of automatic.