I have used a K100d for several years and been very happy with the camera.  I wanted to upgrade to more pixels and faster burst speed, but did not want to obsolete the lens, flash and other accessories I had accumulated.  I initially considered the K200d, but at $700 - $750, it did not seem to be a good value. At $470 at Amazon, the K-x was a very good value. There are many full reviews on the web, I'll address only the "negatives" these reviews mention.I initially had two worries, the lack of a focus indicator in the viewfinder, and reported "soft" images by one trusted reviewer.  It turns out that the lack of a focus indicator is not the problem I thought it might be. I'd like to have one, but I can live without it. JPEG images right from the camera might be subjectively a little soft, but I have not compared the two cameras side by side with the same lens. In any event, I believe any photo good enough to show people is worth a minute or two on Photoshop.  After the routine sharpening I don't see any softness.The K-x is smaller than the K200d. It is still easy to grip, but I think I like the larger camera body anyway. I use my Sigma 70-300 almost all the time, and a lens this large offsets the value of a smaller body. If I used a more compact lens the smaller body size might be a nice feature.The camera uses AA batteries. I used rechargeables in the K100, and planned to use them in K-x as well. The lithium batteries that came with the camera have already taken 1,500 photos and the battery meter has not moved off "full".  I purchased 3 sets (12 batteries) of "ultimate" lithiums at Sam's Club for $21.  The shelf life is 15 years.  If I can get 4,500 photos for $21 I might not bother with rechargeables.I do not use "automatic", but also do not use a lot in the camera's built in features. Most of my settings are still default, although I have experimented with adustments to contrast and "dynamic range". I have not even tried live view or video experimentally.  Most of my subjects are horses and cats.  Their attention span is measure in fractions of seconds, and they will never pose, and rarely stand still once you point a camera in their direction. I like to concentrate on the subject, composition, background etc and strive for a usable image I can clean up in Photoshop. I still get a lot of full-sun pictures with blown out highlights and very dark shadows, but this does not seem to any worse than most digital cameras.You can see samples at "[...]" if you like