I got my K-x early December and shot like a million pictures already. Image quality is superb and make sure you get yourself some quality filters, the IR remote control and a good quality tripod to make it even better. It does take a bit of time to figure out all the settings and controls since there are so many of them available (I am still finding things here and there that I had no idea the camera could do) but the interface and menu is VERY easy and very user friendly. Overall quality of the camera is excellent and that is what Pentax is known for. As for the 18-55mm lens it came with, great lens for everyday shooting. You might want to consider getting one of the other lens packages as I kinda regret not having another telephoto lens on hand. I will buy one later, but if you have a camera like this you would want to get another lens anyways, so why not save some money now with the great bundles Pentax has available.Video quality is great if you record in a well lit room or outside (just like any other camcorder). I still need to figure out the auto focusing while filming which is just a matter of selecting the right configuration.The only thing I don't like is that if you want to shoot in HDR Mode (High Dynamic Range Imaging) which combines 3 shots together and pretty much gives you the best quality shots, you cannot set the timer on. So even if you have the best tripod out there, when you press the shoot button, the push slightly shakes the camera on the first image which makes the outcome of the 3 combined images slightly blurry. I don't understand why the countdown timer is not available for this mode. The only way to take an HDR picture is if you get the infrared remote or program your universal TV remote control to work with your camera ( it's an infrared signal, same signal you use to change a channel on your TV with your remote.All in all, this a a superb camera for all your needs and a great first DSLR for rookies like me. Very sturdy quality built and easy one hand operation. Just get a good tripod, filters, remote control and some extra lenses later on and you are set!!