I had read that this Lumix was the best point and shoot camera for shooting HD video.Today, I attended an important one hour recital for my daughter, covering various musical theater highlight performances from her career. I set up on tripods both the Lumix and a Fuji Finepix fd100.The sound on the Lumix was good, but it completely washed out my daughter's face and dress during the hour of different scenes.  There were only a couple of minutes when she didn't appear completely washed out with bright light (such that we couldn't recognize her features).While shooting with the Lumix, I noticed that the face recognition seemed to be tracking my daughter, so it wasn't an issue of failing to focus on her.The video was so bad that it was unusable and embarrassing.  Maybe she can listen to the soundtrack.By contrast, the Finepix had little trouble with exposure, thoughout the hour performance. The reason I took the Finepix was that a week before, I had tried to video (with the Lumix) a younger daughter playing the piano in a relatively bright (daylight) living room.  The result was bright and harsh purple-tinted flashing.I also took a series of photos in the living room, some with soft light and some with bright light.  Many of the Lumix shots were over exposed (if in bright light) or grainy (if not).  The Finepix took a number of great shots (when I reviewed these later in Picasa I thought they were shot with my DSLR).I tried some outdoor shots with the Lumix--they were ok, somewhat soft with a tendency to overexpose.  I found indoor shots to be quite grainy and flash photo shots to be generally harsh and overexposed.I tend to judge a camera after the fact when I review the shots and decide which ones to keep.  I delete many.  With my Pentax DSLR and 50 mm 1.4 lens, I tend to keep more.  With my Finepix, I keep a fairly large number.  With the Lumix, I just haven't been impressed. I feel like deleting the whole lot.In sum--the still shots are fairly poor and the video, at least in bright light, is terrible.