I've owned this camera for 2 days, and already I've had a blast with it. I previously co-owned an Olympus D-550, but decided to buy a second one just for me.  It has great battery life (well, for a digital camera at least).  The pictures come out very good, and it has very nice optics (interchangeable lenses [not included] which is a nice feature).  It also uses compact flash, which is way better than smart media.  It's very cheap and you can get up to 256MB of storage space for this camera.The only real con is that it doesnt support uncompressed images (like TIFF files).  That is really something I would've liked to have, although the jpeg superfine compression it uses is practically lossless. Another small quirk is that there is no battery meter.  It only tells you when you are about to run out (maybe 5 minutes of life left?). But it lasts so long, you really don't have to worry about it.There was one other thing that bothered me, but was not actually a problem, was how the picture on the LCD got lines through it when zooming.  The lines disappear when you stop.  At first I thought this was an issue with the LCD, as it looked suspicious. But not to worry, according to a Canon technician this is normal.It is neither annoying nor do the lines interfering with viewing your subject.  However new owners might think there is something wrong with their camera. Good quality batteries helps alleviate this problem. As with all non professional digital camera's, the autofocus/auto shooting mode doesn't always work correctly... This model works extremely well, but of course is not perfect. But one should keep in mind that for 300$ this is by far superior to almost others out there under 500$.  Autofocusing by most digital camera's are distracted by anything that emits glare or is very shiny/light reflective.  The canon can be fooled, but it generally works even under tricky conditions.  But of course Canon gives you a very complete set of manual features to adjust for these conditions. Most of the time this is not needed... I find it hard to match the "auto" mode quality with my own settings, a very big positive.The ergonomics are also wonderful, it's very comfortable to hold and unlike other cameras you don't feel like you are going to drop it.  Although I have mostly listed some negative things about this camera, this is no where near a bad review. The camera is wonderful, and the best 3-4 MP camera you can buy IMO. The clarity of the pictures and their color is wonderful.  I really don't see how anyone could be disappointed with this camera.  In all likelihood every non professional user should be thrilled with it.This is the best camera I've tested yet.