My wife had purchased a Panasonic point-and-shoot in the past, and frankly, the image quality was fantastic.Now, truth be told, I have too many digital cameras; I have some very nice DSLR's and some standard Canon point and shoot, and a tiny little Casio that is so portable.But what I was looking for was a point and shoot with an extreme telephoto to wide angle, reasonable size and HD movie capability.  I was traveling to a race, and I wanted to take all the kinds of shots my DSLR would take, but without the bulk.And this camera does all of that.  Whatever processing Panasonic applies to the pictures, things really "pop" on the screen.  It's almost hard to take a bad picture.  It's beautifully made, and you can set up modes that can be customized to what you need.  It's well thought out enough that you can actually get "deep" into the camera without a manual.Is it perfect?  Oh no.First of all there are two major flaws that detracts from the camera significantly: first the battery life is poor.  You get about 100 photo taken and you can see you're running out of juice.  I've tried all kinds of tricks, reducing the view-screen time to minimal, have it shut off very aggressively; there's simply no way to have the battery last the entire day.  Normally, you'd just buy another battery, but this actually has some sort of "chip" in the battery which will not accept anything other than Panasonic batteries.  And what's worse, original batteries are hard to find and expensive when you do.The other flaw is that shutter lag is long for a camera in 2009.  This will affect action shots (like races).You should also realize that unlike other high end cameras, the Panasonic does not let you set either shutter speed or aperture; instead you choose from many modes and adjust specific parameters.  I don't think this is "worse" for just snapshots, but it's a mind-set change.The good outweighs the bad however.  Unlike the Canon line, this actually has a very usable 720p video mode, and it has stereo microphones.  The pictures are fantastic when you stay within the parameters the camera was designed for, and physically, the camera is rugged and solid feeling.It's good at what it does, but the battery issue (both life and availability) should be considered in your choice.