After researching DSLRs week after week and reading hundreds of reviews, I know there isn't much I can say about this camera that hasn't already been said!  So here's my own personal spin (non-technical): my first DSLR was a Sony A100.  After being frustrated with the autofocus and wanting to upgrade lenses, yet finding them expensive and hard-to-find, I decided it was time to jump ship and go with either Nikon or Canon from this day forward.  I was completely torn between choosing the Nikon D90, the D300 or going with the new Canon 50D. Choosing a brand for lenses seemed almost more crucial to me than the camera itself!  In the end, I came to the conclusion that ANY one of these cameras or brands would be completely fantastic in it's own special way.  Compare all you want, but they each have something unique that sets them aside and made them a draw in my mind; as a bonus, all were within my price range.  The dealbreaker came when I finally got a hold of a Canon 50D in my hands and found that as much as I LOVED the feel of the camera, the menu navigation just didn't click with me as much as Nikon's menu (complete personal preference here).  So that made it easier to choose Nikon.  Having held both (which I HIGHLY recommend), the D300 felt more solid and secure in my hands.  I was hesitant because it does lack the "cheater" settings as I call them, but I took the leap anyways.  I have not looked back for a moment!  If I didn't have the extra money to spare OR if I wasn't comfortable with my own settings, the D90 would have been just as fantastic!  But to me, the D300 is a camera with a lot more potential to learn and expand over the years.  I see myself keeping it for many, many years and only ever spending my money on lenses anymore.  With the D90, I fear I would have wanted to upgrade the camera again in a few years to something more professional, consequently cutting into my lens fund!Conclusion: pick a camera today that you would like to keep and grow with; then use all your money in the future for better and better lenses, regardless of what new camera is announced. For me, the D300 is definitely the one: this camera is a keeper so now I can focus the rest of my time and money on building my glass collection!