I have had this camera for several months now.  I bought it in particular to take photos of the jewelry I design and sell on the internet.  As I'm not a photography pro, I needed something easy to use and that could take good quality closeups.  I also wanted something I could afford on a tight budget.  If I could compare this camera to a car, I would compare it to my Toyota Corolla... both are comfortable to use, reliable, sturdy, and fantastic quality for a reasonable price.I read the booklet to learn how to use the manual controls of the camera, and it helped tremendously to be able to adjust the amount of light I let in as I photograph my jewelry within a few inches, inside my house near a window.  I turn off the flash so as not to have a glare or washed out colors, and it's amazing with just a little adjustment on the camera, how I can get a natural looking light on my subject, as well as fine detail.  When taking closeups, you just press the closeup button so that it can focus on objects within a few inches.  A little square appears on the screen to show you exactly what it's focusing on.  (...)As for "regular" photography of people and places outdoors, for example, I have gotten amazingly beautiful shots of scenery that look like they should be in a magazine, and others that of course are ho-hum.  The great thing though, as with digital cameras, is that I can take several shots and choose the best ones to keep.Now, I have to admit that I also use Photoshop Elements with many of my photos, and the combination of the camera and the editing program makes for some pretty professional looking photos!  With Elements, I can crop, add contrast, adjust color, brightness, and sharpness, so that even not-so-great photos can come out pretty amazing.The weight and feel of the CanonA70 is just right.  It's not heavy, and rests comfortably in the hand.  I don't feel like I'm going to accidentally crush it as I would with an ultra-slim camera.  I love the self-closing lens and the fact that I don't have a detachable lens cap that could get lost.  The lens automatically closes up like a sliding door when you turn off the camera.The A70 may not be a camera for professional photographers, but I recommend it so much for casual photographers, and even people who do web photography like I do.