The P31 is a great camera but  I have three complaints.  1) I am used to my old Canon AE1-P, in wich the camera body is made of metal.  My AE1-P camera is 17 years old, I doubt that the plastic body of the P31 will last that long.  Of course, it is much, much lighter.  You can carry it in a shirt pocket.2) It has these two plastic tabs, one covering the AC input and the other covering the USB/Video Out connectors.  I am almost sure that before two years those fragile tabs will break.3) Another contra is that it doesn't bring a camera case.  Sony includes the Ni-Mh batteries and charger but doesn't include even a...case?Aside from that, as I said, this is a great snapshot camera.  If you keep the LCD turned off and don't use the flash frequently, the batteries should last long.  The included 8Mb memory stick is not enough, so buy a 128Mb stick with the camera.  I got a Lexar, and that is the one I use.  The 8Mb stick is gathering dust in a drawer.  I will buy another 128Mb stick when I go on vacations in the future.  The 2Megapixels images take about 800K each, so you can store about 150 to 160 images.The manual says that the batteries take 13 hours to fully charge.  I don't know why they take that long, but I clocked them, and I was surprised to see that in fact, I took exactly 13 hours to charge them.  No less, no more.  If you take a lot of pictures, be prepared to buy 2 extra batteries also.I was forgetting about my fourth complaint, the manual.  There's a mention that you have two USB modes, Normal and PTP.  They only say, you should use Normal.  No further explanation of what PTP is.I did some research and found that PTP stands for Picture Transfer Protocol.  Windows XP understands it (I don't know if other versions do),  and basically instead of showing the camera as an external drive in the windows explorer, it activates a Wizard that makes it simpler for non technical users to transfer the images to a PC. I prefer the "Normal USB" mode, but it would be nice if the manual explained all the features of the camera.