I recently got the Fuji Finepix J38 digital camera in the color black for Christmas.  I purchased this after my 5 yr old Olympus FE-100 started getting creeky & old (yet still works).  I wanted a camera that can help me take photos in low light & has good close ups since I use it mostly for taking photos for my ebay business.  One thing is for sure, it takes amazing photos in low light, if you need a camera for low light photography this is a great camera.  It can adjust to the light on its own or you can set it to adjust, picture quality & lighting is good, much better than my old Olympus.  However when it comes to close ups I'm still trying to figure out what Fuji's definition of "macro" is.  This camera only has "macro" it does NOT have "super macro" mode.  When using macro I'm really not that close & the pic is still blurry, only when I pull back does it get clearer & at that point you can't read what it is I'm taking a picture of-I use close ups to take pics of copyright dates & such.  Macro mode isn't that great, if it's imperative that you take super close ups I suggest looking at another camera.  I may have to use my old Olympus for the super macro shots.  The other strange issue is uploading video from its memory card. It has video with sound however when I place the card into the computer tower it takes FOREVER to upload either on youtube or another site.  It took me an HOUR to upload a 1 minute video. At 12.2 megapixels the shots are pretty decent, nice large 2.7 in display on the back, extremely easy to use controls, quick startup, quick shutter, nice sound effects when taking a picture.  Nice color & it feels nice in your hands, nice & slim body just a cute little easily portable camera. This camera also has a panoramic mode so you can take panoramic photos, not highly impressive but a nice feature.  This camera takes a basic memory card (not the small XD card), it does not take rechargeable batteries you have to plug the camera in to charge it (it has its own battery), so far the battery charge has lasted quite a while & I'm impressed by the length of charge, I think I charged it a few weeks ago. Overall it has its ups & downs, for the price its a decent camera it simply has some glitches that need to be tweeked with the new line from Fuji maybe next year.  It definately needs a super macro mode, I shouldn't have to use an older camera to get closer shots, I still like the camera though, I have no plans on returning it.