I'm using my Pentax K-x for stills and video, mostly portraits and product shots. It's my first DSLR but after reading up a bit on its capabilities I was good to go. For the price, this is simply an amazing camera. I had considered entry-level models from Canon and Nikon, but after reading a bunch of online reviews I decided that the K-x was a better bet. Indeed, the sensor quality and features (it shoots great 720p video) are unbeatable in its segment.A few likes and dislikes:Likes:I shoot from the viewfinder. I'm not sure if this is because the LCD isn't big enough or because I just like shooting from the viewfinder better - probably the latter. I like to use a manual focus when the situation allows, and I can just see a lot more using my naked eye instead of live view.The video feature is great for casual shooting. I used it on Christmas morning to capture my 18 month old opening gifts.Since I rarely use live view, rarely use a flash and set up my shots before turning the camera on, the original batteries have lasted me about two weeks. Can't complain about that. I bought 8 Eneloop AAA rechargeables for when the originals run out, but haven't had to swap them out yet.Low light performance is amazing. Check out the reviews. It's as good as cameras that cost twice as much.Dislikes:The audio is mono on the camera, and there's no audio input. So if you want to shoot something with sound, i.e. an interview, you'll have to use a separate recorder and sync the audio later. That's probably too much of a hassle for a project with a lot of cuts, but if it's something simple it's workable. I managed to sync some audio in iMovie that looks/sounds really good.The shutter is on the loud side. I haven't yet found this to be a real problem for me, but some reviewers have been annoyed by it.It's rare for me to get a decent-looking picture using the internal flash. Some of that is probably just the nature of internal flash, but I'm guessing some of it owes to the implementation in the K-x. Fortunately, images still look good at ISO 1600 and usable at ISO 3200, so it's possible to get up to a high enough shutter speed to take photos of a toddler indoors during the day.