I got this camera for my birthday last month and wanted something with a zoom that would be comperable to my SLR.  I found it in this little camera.  I wanted the ease of a point and shoot with some capabilities of the zoom of my SLR.  I have a Pentax *ist D that I've had for almost 5 yrs now and I love it....but it's sometimes not so easy to haul around on trips and things.  This camera does really great shots IF you know what you're doing.  There are so many settings that it takes a little getting used to!  It's not a difficult camera to work, but the settings weren't what I was used to.  It's not so great at low light pictures with much movement (i.e. I shoot alot of bands in bars & concerts) it has alot of noise and distortion, but for good light it does great pictures.  Outdoors or indoors it does a great job!The video is good quality.  I've been so used to my older video camera with the shaking while shooting that it was a nice surprise when it had the video stability.  People see the videos and say 'Wow! You've got a pretty steady hand!' then I have to laugh!  I've done some videos with my kids' school concerts and things, they seem to turn out really well.All in all, this is a good little camera....but don't be fooled with it's high speed manual zoom....it's not the same as an SLR, but it will work for those occassions I need to pull it out from my purse!  I read the reviews before buying and there are also a few things I would like to note...  The shadows in all of the pictures that people keep talking about, I don't understand.  I have YET to see that in any of my pics!  The flash is DEFINITELY in the wrong spot!  Although I just push it back in when I don't want a flash anyway.  They should have made it a stationary flash instead of pop-up.  There are plenty of things that make this camera worth the price! The 14 MP photos make it easy to crop/zoom without distortions...so what you can't do with the camera, you can with the editing. It's worth the $$.  I had to see for myself...maybe you should too!