As a previous owner of two Canon SD's (SD600 and SD850), the ZS3 offers some improvements that are worth noting. If you are looking for an change from a PowerShot, here are my pros and cons:PROS:- Beautiful color 3" LCD display- Tremendous build quality- Solid video, especially in good lighting- Smooth 12x OPTICAL zoom for stills and vids!- Crisp pictures- AI setting makes camera easy to use; yes, you just point and shoot.- Easy navigation- Good battery life; comparable to the Canons I've owned- Excellent for close-ups with wonderful Leica lens- Exclusive video button nice to have as you don't have to fuss with the dial, but see cons on this one tooCONS:- IMO, pictures tend to be oversaturated with color at times- Video has slight delay when starting it; slower than either aforementioned Canon- The exclusive video button on back makes for shaky start/stop because of its location (just need to get used to it, but wish it also had it on the dial as well)- As mentioned many times, AVCHD Lite just not mainstreamed yet, but JPEG videos work well for me so far- Video has vertical lines coming from lights when the scenery is dark; no way thus far to eliminate them- Proprietary battery issue is ridiculous, almost a deal breaker for me. Yes, I know, I can download reverse firmare and so on. But should a consumer really have to do that? My Canon batteries were under 10 bucks and of good quality. C'mon Panasonic, your stupid 1.2 firmware idea is not helping your reputationI was concerned about switching from the Canons because I was so used to their quality, software, and inner-workings. But after owning the Panny now for a couple of months I can safely say, the switch was worth it. It's true when reviewers of the ZS3 state that you can have a videocamera and a snapshot in one. I don't need to take anything other than a ZS3 to an event and I get the best of both worlds. A few improvements in the "Cons" department and this camera would have easily earned the 5 Star rating here.