My very first digital camera was a point and shoot. It produced  1 MB photos with a minimum of control and memory which translated out to about 24 pictures on the built in flash drive. This was soon replaced by my wonderful Minolta Dimage 7, a DSL predecessor with a CF card slot, a superb Zeiss lens with a 7X optical zoom  and 5MB pictorial output. It was big and heavy and I soon learned that I would need a point and shoot for those occasions I was in need of something to take advantage of a unplanned photo opportunity.Now I have a Nikon D80 10.2MP Digital SLR Camera (Body only) along with two great VR lenses, and I still need a point and shoot for unplanned opportunities. The Fujfilm Finepix F70EXR is my best P & S ever. Basically designed for the masses the camera has a lot of neat features most notably a 10X optical zoom. Optical zooms are not to be confused with digital zooms which are not true zooms but programs which blow up and ultimately degrade photographs. It has shooting modes, the EXR mode being a fully automatic mode, and the M mode allowing manual settings including an ISO setting of 1600 for large images, and 3200 for smaller ones. Shutter speeds are also controllable. These kinds of settings assume some photographers will have more than causal photography knowledge.One setting I particularly like is a setting which produces two images, one flash assisted and the other in natural light. As with most point and shoots these days it has a video setting to capture those opportunities where you have forgotten your camcorder.The electronics include face detection which if you think about it is the natural focus of most viewers. Low light modes are also set automatically to produce maximum results. My camera came with a 4GB HCSD card which will hold nearly one thousand high resolutions images.Digital point and shoots are never going to replace DSL's for professional and serious amateur photographers. However both will own them and use them. Expect many to gravitate to the F70EXR. It is that good.