For me, the real selling points of this camera were: its size, its outstanding zoom range, and the fact that it is a Nikon. The camera is an ideal size, and conforms well to the hands when shooting. The user interface is not entirely intuitive, but if you spend a little time with the camera, it is not very difficult to figure out. The zoom range is fantastic. But the motor used to control the zoom won't let you continuously zoom in and out; it is set to allow you to only zoom to a certain number of discrete positions. I found this to be really annoying--frequently, I wanted to zoom in or out just a tiny bit, but the darn thing would jump to its next zoom zone, which would be way off-the-mark.If you are looking for a point-and-shoot camera that works very well in fully auto mode, then this is NOT the camera for you. Virtually all of the fully-automatic shots I took with this camera, particularly indoors, came out poorly exposed--typically out-of-focus, blurred, with inaccurate color rendering, or with noticeable digital noise. I found that if I took the time to go to the menu and select the proper shooting mode (for example, "Indoor Portrait," "Still Life," etc) to conform to the shooting environment at the time, the results were much better, though still frequently flawed.  If you are buying a point-and-shoot camera in order to actually point-and-shoot, I would argue that users generally don't expect to have to reset modes for every situation in order to get a decent shot.  (I own a 6 year old Kodak 3.1MP camera that, hands down, takes way better point-and-shoot auto-exposed photos than the Nikon S630. Unfortunately, the Kodak is fairly bulky and its viewing LCD, by today's standards especially, is very tiny--which is why am I looking to supplement it with a newer camera.)It turns out that a cousin of mine bought the same camera at about the same time, and she experienced similar results, and returned the camera. I am going to do the same thing. For me, it was unfortunately not the right choice.