We recently moved from a relatively quiet neighborhood where we were far off the streets and able to park in our garage to a neighborhood where the garages are pretty useless and we have to park in the garage.  We have sidelights around our front door but wanted to be able to monitor the activity around the driveway and around our 3 cars.  This does that pretty effectively.  When the doorbell rings, we can not only check to see who is at the front door but also if there is any activity going on around our cars.Installation was relatively easy for my husband but he is very handy with assembly and installation of stuff around the house.  The picture is ok but not anything you would be able to use for the "most wanted list" if you needed it.  The range is sufficient for most neighborhoods -- it would not have worked well in our former house since the lots were so large but it works fine in neighborhoods where the houses are close together.Every so often we do get some interference and have to reset the system.  However, what device doesn't have that happen at this point?I can see many applications of this device -- I can see where it would also be useful for monitoring your kids in the back yard or activity in the back yard where intruders might be more likely to attempt an entrance.  For the price, it is a useful device with many applications depending on your neighborhood and the layout of the houses relative to each other.  I could see using a couple to provide full coverage around the entire house.  Fortunately, our neighborhood isn't so dangerous to where that is warranted.Overall, if you are wanting to discretely see what is going outside your house without having to press your nose up against the windows, I would recommend this device.  If you want to keep an eye on your kids playing in your yard (especially if you have younger ones, this allows you to do so without being obvious about it.  And the best thing is that you don't have to be a millionaire to afford it![NCJVR]