I got my first job in 1987 to buy my first camera, a Pentax K-1000.  It's a manual workhorse that's never let me down and I've been a die-hard Pentax fan since.  I've also been reluctant to make the jump to DSLR from film.  I have a point and shoot digital but nothing for serious photography.  I've been intimidated by all the features and functions of a grown up DSLR.  I now know this is the camera I've been waiting for.  I bought this for an upcoming trip to Europe and I'm positively giddy about this camera.  First, the white is just cool.  I've got a white MacBook, so why not a camera too?  The whole thing is a little bigger than I expected it to be, which makes finding a camera case challenging.  I've been reading the manual and I'm still a little intimidated, but I think this will be easy enough to learn quickly.The auto mode is responsive and intuitive.  It focuses fast and shoots accurately.  It can decide for you the settings or allow you to choose for yourself.  I love that Pentax puts the shake reduction gizmo in the body instead of the lens like Nikon does.  I think it balances the camera a bit better and the cost of future lenses is less.  The entire Pentax system allows lenses to be swapped from one camera to the next, so the lenses I have for my K1000 will work with this one.On the batteries.... I much prefer using AA batteries for a digital camera.  The proprietary batteries used in other camera are expensive.  I also feel they don't last as long before needing to be recharged.  When I'm home, I can use a rechargeable AA Lithium battery.  If I'm abroad, I know I can find AAs on the fly if I need to.  Yes, it contributes to the overall weight of the camera, but I can live with it for the convenience of buying more if I need to and not losing that one great shot.  Photography has always been a hobby of mine and I've been known to look more through the lens than through my own eyes on a vacation.  On my first day in Montreal, I took almost 250 photos in one market.  Proprietary batteries simply can't keep up with someone like me.Read the specks and compare prices.  Pentax makes a darn good camera for a very fair price.  They aren't as well known in the US (as far as I can tell-no authorized dealers within 300 miles of where I live) and I suspect not as heavily marketed as Nikon and Canon.  I've had this camera for a day now and I can't believe I actually thought about getting a Nikon instead.  I had this item in my Amazon cart for the better part of 6 months.  I just wish I had bought it sooner.