My wife and I were fed up with the costs of film and then developing the APS pictures. The last vacation was the final straw ans total film costs for the vacation came to 60 bucks.  I did a lot of research and narrowed my choices to the S200,S330 and S3.  I looked at the S3 because I promised my wife that the new digital camera would take as good as a picture as the APS camera.  But the 3 meg pix was still kinda pricey so the S200 and S330 were the finalists.  The cameras from what I read are the same except for the 3X zoom on the S330. I didn't really use the zoom on my APS camera so we bought the S200 off of amazon.  Soon as ups came I started to charge the battery.  In the meantime I got familiar with the camera and read the docs.  Canon did a great job of a quick start guide and the detailed book was more than I really needed. about 1.5 hours later the green light came on from the battery charger (nice feature to let you know it's finished) and powered up the camera.  After setting the date and setting the pics to the highest resolution and super fine compression I was ready to go.  Point,shoot and view.  It was really that easy.  I was able to view the slide show of images I took and I erased the pics I didn't like (that pays for itself being able to erase the pics you do not want).  I also bought the viking 64 meg cf card and HP 100 Photo printer with this and I can't believe the photo quality coming from this little HP 100 printer.  The S200 takes as good if not better pics (settings are on high) than my APS and then the kicker was I pulled the CF card, inserted the CF card into the HP 100 (doesn't require a computer to print) and printed a 4X6 borderless pic in under 2.5 minutes.  We both laughed, cause you can't imagine the quality.  Side X Side with a APS photo you can't tell the differnce.  Took the little printer and S200 to work snapped some photos and printed them off and I get the same disbelief from everyone.PROS: small compact, rechargable battery, able to do video out to tv, usb to pc, incredible pics, no more film costs!CONS: got to get a 64+ meg card with purchase (8 meg card isn't enough)For [more money] get the HP 100 printer and you won't be disappointed...