This is our second go-around with the WiLife system.  I initially purchased WiLife last summer while we were getting ready for a month-long trip through Alaska on motorcycles.I have an Ipaq handheld PDA with wifi, and was looking forward to being able to view recorded Wilife video (gotta see the cats!) whenever we got wireless Internet access on the road.Unfortunately, even with a Premium (paid) membership, the system doesn't allow you to view RECORDED video on a handheld or internet-enabled phone.  You can view live video on a handheld, or you can view recorded video on a regular laptop.This wasn't going to meet our needs, so I returned the system.However, With even more travelling in our future, and even though we have a very good security system, we still wanted to check on the cats every so often.  So, I spent some time checking out other options.  After exhausting all the possibilities under $500, the Wilife still came out on top.So, we reordered from Amazon (they must think we're nuts!).The new system was just as easy and quick to set up as last time.  I had it all plugged in and running in less than 10 minutes.The only issue is plugging the adapter directly into a socket by your computer.  Most of us have both those plugs already spoken for!  Fortunately we live in a new home with a multitude of plugs, after some shuffling, I freed up one by the computer.Video quality is very good, even in low light conditions.  For nighttime viewing, I have a regular table lamp set up on a timer in the room with the camera.We have an automated cat food dispenser, so we know when the cats will be in this room (the food is dispensed on a schedule), so I'll know to have my iPaq fired up and watching the live video at these times.I also set up the email notification system, which I have set to send single-frame shots of any activity.Between these two options, we will be able to keep track of the cats, and be relaxed knowing they're healthy and well fed.Although the WiLife system isn't perfect, and it's not cheap, I believe you get a good value for your money.  With some thought and creativity it can suit most every need.