We purchased a C-720 in 2003 and are very pleased with it.With proper training, anyone can take awesome pictures with it.  There are several reviews here that criticize the camera's "slow" auto and sports settings.  I've taken probably 10,000 pictures with this camera, and almost none of them were taken in either of those modes.  I highly recommend using P mode for outdoor pictures, or pictures in good light, and shutter priority (S mode), with shutter speed at about 1/30 or 1/40 of a second, and the exposure compensation on +2.0, for indoor pictures.  The results are great.The good things about this camera include the wonderful 8x zoom (for outdoor pictures, with shutter speeds of 1/250 second and faster, even max zoom shots come out great), the vibrant colors it captures, its wonderful work without a flash (very dramatic pictures), and the nice effect in portrait setting (in which it uses depth of field to have a sharp target and blurred background).  The menus aren't that difficult to use.  Battery life is great; I typically get 200-300 shots on one set of freshly charged NiMH batteries.  My 128 Mb SmartMedia card holds about 200 pictures in the mode I use most often, and they're large enough to print sharply as 4x6 or 5x7, even after I crop a lot out of them.There are two things I don't like about the camera.The first is that it has a tendancy to develop "hot" or "stuck" pixels when doing a lot of shooting in low-light situations.  Pixel mapping (a built-in pixel repair function) fixes this, but it's still really jarring to see ugly red and green pixels in the viewfinder and LCD and images when this happens.The second is a quirk with my camera, and, from what I've read, lots of Olympus cameras.  The C-720 uses a capacitor to "remember" the date and time, even with no batteries in the camera.  There is something wrong with the capacitor in the C-720 I own.  The connection to the batteries, even a freshly-charged set, breaks quite often.  When that happens, the camera won't turn on until I open the battery compartment and rearrange the batteries, and then half the time, the date/time (nothing else) has been lost and needs to be reset.  Because the camera cleverly uses the date to name the image files, this lost date/time is a real headache to deal with.Because of the battery/capacitor quirk, I'm docking the camera one star.  I'd give it five if the date/time didn't reset way too often.As more and more people buy digital cameras, that are usually higher-end than the film cameras they once had, the learning curve associated with camera like this will decrease.  To anyone who finds themselves disappointed with this camera because of blurred pictures, read my advice above and try again.  Once you know what you're doing - it won't take long - you will take great pictures with the C-720.