First let me start by saying I am a stay at home mom with normal baby monitor needs. I am picky but not overly crazy about my monitor needs. I want a working camera that doesn't lag. I'm a firm believe that if you start getting too fancy things start going wrong. But this camera is definitely fancy, for a great price, but works fabulously.I've had my fair share of baby monitors. I've spent hundreds on a summer infant monitor and when that one broke twice (both times my fault) I was looking for one that I could view from my phone if I went out. I purchased an expensive wifi camera that linked with my phone that was so horrible (purchased from apple store) I returned after a day and tried my luck with the Lorex. I'll never purchase another baby monitor.Not only is this a clear picture day or night, it's dead on with timing, there is no lag. Ever. I can also call in from Skype (which I can do from the Skype app on my phone) and I can view the camera from anywhere.I can also speak to my baby through the monitor and play several nursery rhymes with just a push of a button.I can also scan the camera around the room quickly and easily which will come in handy when my daughter is older and in a big girl bed.The screen also doesn't go dark after a few minutes which I love compared the the others that you have to keep pushing the button to light up.The screen is large and tells room temperature which is accurate. It also has alerts to tell me when it gets below or above certain temps that you set.Overall I have no complaints about the Lorex wireless video monitor OTHER THAN the fact that it advertises that it can be wall mounted but its not included. It is a separate part that you have to order. In the meantime we've set the camera on the changing table and it works just fine. But would have liked if that was clarified more.As far as the actual product, I'm more than satisfied. I will continue to purchase more cameras for future children. I can't say enough good things about this camera.