I have been using this camera for about 6 months now and have very mixed feelings about it.  The zoom on it is amazing and I have captured some awesome shots of wildlife, etc. I have also taken some beautiful close-up photos of flowers, etc. that are just gorgeous.  The thing that I am really having a lot of problems with are just the basic photos of everyday life when inside the house, etc.  I take a lot of photos of my family, friends, animals, etc. and  sometimes they turn out good, others times not so much.  They seem to turn out better during the day, rather than at night when lights are turned on inside the house.  Then they seem to look grainy and somewhat blurry.  What was a real disappointment was this past week-end when I left my little point and shoot camera at home and decided to take pics with this only because everyone always asks why I don't use it more for get togethers, etc.  I took it to my grandson's 1st birthday party which was held indoors and I am very disappointed in the way the pics turned out, wish I had taken my other camera for back-up.  The pics came out blurry and grainy and I missed some great shots because of trying to figure out why it wasn't working like I think it should have.  And forget asking someone to take pics for you if you want to be in the pic, they won't be used to it enough to know that your hands can't move at all or you'll have a blurry pic.  My father has the same exact camera and his is always attached to the tripod for this reason, he can't get clear pics without it.  One other little gripe I have with this camera was mentioned by someone else who reviewed this, to view photos you have to take the lens cap off, otherwise it will pop off.  I am now trying to find a point and shoot digital camera to purchase so that I will have a decent one to use when my granddaughter arrives in a week.  Like I mentioned before the zoom is great and it does have the capacity to take wonderful pics, but you really have to become accustomed to it so you know how to hold it, etc.  I was very impressed with the sport mode on this camera, it takes great action shots, one right after the other when you hold the button down. And I feel it is a great camera for the money. But, if you want a camera that you can just grab and shoot though, go with a compact digital.