Originally looking to replace our prior camera - a Nikon Coolpix S600, which got lost at a family reunion back on Labor Day  ("Some Family!"  you say;  don't ask - its a long story!).  Also own a Nikon D70s DSLR, so was looking for something a bit more feature-laden than the S600.  I spent a few weeks doing some research, reading reviews, etc., and finally decided on the ZS3 for a number of reasons:1.  Wide angle lens (the extended zoom was also a big plus);2.  3-inch high-resolution screen;3.  GREAT picture quality;4.  Ease of use, relatively intuitive;5.  Features and controls, lots of flexibility;6.  Relatively short shutter lag;7.  High-def video;8.  Compact size;9.  Amazon price (then $276), and Prime free shipping;10. Excellent reviews on digital camera websites.After owning this camera for about a month, I am pleased to report that it has operated flawlessly.  Great pics, great video, and all the features one could ask for in a point-and-shoot (but no speed- or aperture-priority override).Some items to consider to complete the package:--  8GB, Class 6 SDHC memory card--  spare battery (a must)--  Lowepro Ridge 30 camera case (the camera fits great)Also got the Mediabridge - HDMI-Male to Mini HDMI-Male - 10ft - Version 1.3 Category 2 - 1080p - Blu-ray:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001MT1ETO/ref=oss_T15_product(Caution:  DO NOT spend 70 bucks for this cable at Best Buy or anywhere else!  Anything over $20 is absolutely ridiculous!  $11 is more than reasonable price, and the true value of this item.)As for some other reviewers'comments:  Have not had an issue with the [reportedly] loose / easily rotating control knob, flimsy trap door for battery compartment, or "noisy" zoom motor.Bottom line:  Like the camera so much, I went out and got a SECOND one for my wife.  Local big box warehouse store (that starts with a 'C') had it on special for two-fifty (with instant mfr rebate), in black only, including 2 GB class 4 memory card, and a nice compact leather case.  Good deal, but no spare battery, and I personally prefer a greater capacity and higher speed SDHC card.  Also, the case is very nice and well made, but holds the camera only;  no spare room or pockets for anything, not even a tiny memory card.