I needed to upgrade to a better digital camera and carefully did my homework.  The Canon S200 consistently received excellent reviews on numerous sites with many positive comments on compactness, picture quality, and overall design.  Of course there was always the ocassional negative review from someone who got the rare lemon but the majority rules. This is a great point and shoot camera with a crisp view screen. It also gives you the ability to tinker with plenty of the settings including shutter speed. It does an outstanding job with two mega pixels, any more for me would be overkill.  I have taken photos in numerous lighting situations and it has done a good job in all of them, including a gorgeous macro shot of a flower. I purchased the leather S200 Power Shot case that fastens to your belt and you would never know it's there, it can't get any easier.  With a 128mb card in the camera and an extra battery in my pocket I'm ready for anything.  The movie mode with sound works great and is easy to send by email(great for new baby clips, etc.). There are three resolution settings for the movie mode: 4,10, and 30 seconds in length with the 10 second setting being my favorite. I have read complaints on the duration of the movie but for email it's plenty long enough unless you like huge uploads and your family and friends like huge downloads. Try holding a camera on most people for 10 seconds asking them to say something and it seems like an eternity.  A nifty charger is included which is very compact with it's own pop out plug, just plug it in to the outlet like a glade air freshener and wait for the light to turn green. I have noted some complaints that the camera doesn't warn you of low battery soon enough, how much time do you need?  When the indicator comes on you have a few shots left but why push the envelope, just swap batteries.  When is the last time your car warned you of an up coming dead battery?, at least the S200 doesn't leave you stranded and the battery is so small you wouldn't even know there is an extra in your pocket. The S200 will plug in to your TV and do an awesome slide show of any or all of the pictures and movies contained in it.  It shows a few pictures, automatically plays a movie, then shows more pictures and continues this in whatever order you choose with a staggering amount of pictures and movie clips using a 128mb card. I am more than satisfied with my purchase and hope I have provided you with another interesting angle on this camera. Four stars is excellent, Five stars is perfect?