I have had the chance to try several brands of DSLR's (Nikon, Canon, Olympus) and as they all have great qualities in each, I have found that the Pentax Kx has all that I could need and ever want in a camera at this time. I say 'at this' time because as my photography grows so will my needs. The Pentax Kx is super light weight and fits the hand so nicely for one hand shooting. It snaps pics in a jiff with great clarity and gives you that instant gratification.The only con I have found is it is a bit on the noisy side. This really only matters of you are trying to sneak up on sleeping subjects like cats, the focus and shutter might disturb them. But seriously, that is the only con I have found in the month and half of owning this camera. I use my camera EVERYDAY and was concerned about battery usage. I was afraid that I would be purchasing batteries constantly but have found it to be quite the opposite. I only recently had to change the batteries that came with the camera and that was after snapping almost 2000 shots and leaving it on for periods of time. Oops.The kit lens is great and gives such amazing clarity. I have pushed the lens' limits and have not been disappointed, but that also goes with Pentax being a top notch product. I think one of the main reasons I went with this model is the fact that I can use my old Pentax SLR lenses. Bonus!I also recently purchased some budget lenses by Tamron and although in the product description it mentions pretty much every Pentax model BUT the Kx, I took a chance and purchased them any ways and found that it does fit and works just dandy. That's a review for another time.Oh and I can't forget about my two favourite features, the Digital Filters and the HD Video capability. You can snap all the pics you want then while viewing them on the LCD you can go into the menu options and add a digital filter such as "Toy Camera", "Retro", "High Contrast", "Extract Colour", "Soft", "Starburst", and my personal favourite, "Fish Eye". You can also create your own custom filter and adjust the intensity of the previous mentioned ones to your desire. Seriously, awesome!The HD Video is a great feature that impressed me the first time I tested it. Compared to my other (older) video recorders, the sound and video clarity is immediately noticable. It's such a nice bonus to be able to capture both photos and video with a turn of a dial.So overall the Pentax kx camera is the best purchase I  have made in a long long time and if you are debating to purchase this or not, I say go for it! You won't be disappointed.