... Camera is great for point and shoot snapshots and the 3X zoom is handy (haven't used the digital zoom because it reduces the quality of the original so can't comment on that aspect -...The camera is small (even compared to my OM-1), light weight and I like that the "lens cover" also turns the thing off and on.  I like that it uses a view finder instead of always having to power on the screen like some other models.  Uses fewer and easily available batteries too (can use 2-AA in a pinch if you can't get the CR-V3's).  Takes good enough pictures as well (it ain't a Hassleblad, but it didn't cost that much either).  Haven't compared any 8X10's with other digital cameras but have my own photo manipulation software (Micrografx Picture Publisher) that can change most any and every thing about any picture that you could possibly want to change (color saturtion, balance, brightness, hue, gamma, sharpness, smoothness, add texture, distortion, etc.) - so if the photo doesn't come from the camera matching one from some $500 or $1000 digital camera - so what, just use the software to change whatever you want and print it.  Haven't used (and don't intend to) the software that came with the camera so can't comment on that.  Didn't like any of the small one-pocket camera bags made for this type of camera so found a great little "cellular phone" bag on sale cheap that had some extra pockets for a phone battery, small phone book, etc.  I use those pockets for an extra smart media card, extra CR-V3 battery, and the "quick start" instruction guide.  Would recommend the phone bag over a one-pocket "small camera" bag any day.  Don't get fooled into getting the "Compact Flash" cards or reader that show up as accessories on the web page.  It uses "Smart Media (SmartMedia)" cards only.  So if you want to get extra storage or a reader so that you don't waste the camera batteries downloading pictures, make sure you get the "Smart Media" card and reader, not the "Compact Flash" card and reader.