When the 10D came out, I was still unconvinced of digital for professional work. Many of my peers were still using film, as was I. When the 300D came out, I decided what the hell... It was a bargain, and I wanted a digital camera for personal purposes (family photos, vacation photos, etc) so I bought one. After a few months of using it, I soon realized the potential of digital.When the 20D came out, I was already comfortable shooting digital, but my pro work was still film-based. Within a month of the announcement of the 20D, I purchased one. And that camera changed my professional photography career for life.It was fast, light, and felt really good in the hand. Image quality was superb, easily surpassing anything Nikon was making at the time (aside from the expensive and huge D2X). The 20D was the camera that made me give up film, for good. Photos from the 20D easily surpassed what 35mm was capable of, all factors considered.A high resolution scan of a low grain film scan (i.e. Velvia) could produce a bit more detail than a 20D raw file, but the 20D file were much cleaner (less noise/grain). Plus the 20D file had more latitude, which is useful for post production work in Photoshop. Comparing a 20D file to a film scan from a faster ISO film (e.g. ISO 200 and above) was no contest -- the 20D files were, simply put, WAY better, in all aspects.Today, the 20D might seem outdated, but I think it still has its uses. I still use mine every now and then when I need an extra camera. I recently used it during an event I shot in which I needed a 4th body (there was no budget to rent a body) which was mounted to the ceiling and remotely triggered. I also used it in a partially submerged fish tank for some underwater shots (I didn't want to risk using my higher-dollar bodies).I still license images taken with the 20D on a regular basis. I still sell 20x30 inch prints of images taken with the 20D. While 8MP doesn't sound like much, 20D files taken with good lenses and good technique are still very relevant.