Pros: Image quality, build quality, battery life, superb LCDCons: Noticable level of noise, color cast in some instancesI've owned this camera for over a year and I still love it. The build quality is superb. The battery & memory stick covers are spring loaded and snap into place snugly. I know alot more digicams are made of chic stainless steel now, but the silver plastic this camera is made of still feels sturdy IMO. The tripod mount is thankfully made of metal. The camera is well balanced and is comfortable to use. It's easy to grip & hold and 1 handed shooting is no sweat. The LCD is the sharpest and brightest I've seen(I've used an Canon A20 & Fujifil 2650 - no comparison). The menu's are easy to navigate, and almost all options are less than 2 menus deep. The thumbpad on the back of the camera is used to navigate menus in menu mode. When in shooting mode it provides a VERY handy "view last picture", flash on/off/auto, self-timer, & macro mode. All controls are easily accesible and seem very intuitive to me. The 3x zoom is very responsive & precise. No lens cover is needed because lens protectors automatically close.Image quality is excellent. When viewed on your monitor, the details & sharpness is extraordinary. I took a gag shot of a friends open mouth full of brocolli she was chewing and when I viewed the shot later, I could see incredible detail in the brocolli, down to each stalk. Color is very accurate in most situations. Outdoor shooting produced superb images. Shooting at night maybe produce images with slightly noticable noise sometimes. Shooting in cold weather & when the camera is first turned on may eliminate most of the noise. Incandescent light can cast a yellow tint and fluorescent lighting can cast a green tint on images, as with most digicam.The auto settings is accurate 99% of the time in my experience. The camera offers some manual controls(ISO, exposure comp, white balance), but it lacks an adjustable shutter speed. The night scene option will keep the shutter open for up to 2 seconds. To take pictures in brighter conditions with longer shutter times(to induce blurring or whatnot), I use the night option and lock the auto focus on a dark area by pressing the button halfway down. I then aim at my original shot and press it the rest of the way.Overall I'd say this camera is almost unrivaled in it's price range. The Canon Powershot A20 & Fujifilm Finepix 2650, althought $...-$... cheaper, comes nowhere close to the build & image quality. I have yet to use the Fujifilm Finepix 3800 which is in the same price range as the P-71, but I've heard that that camera is an excellent buy. Too bad it wasn't available when I purchased my P-71 or I might be writing about a Fuji :).