I purchased my Polaroid izone 550 a couple of years ago on clearance at Wal-Mart for $35. It seemed to be, and was, a great buy at this price with all it offered in a 'small' package (a bit chunky by today's standards at almost an inch thick).  It's held up well functionally and cosmetically, with regular use.  Everything about this multi-media unit is good, in a basic way... except the weak ear-buds, the bloated software, and the lack of on-board memory. But these issues are easily remedied, with a nice set of headphones (low impedance 50-200 ohms, high sensitivity >100 db recommended) and all the GB of cheap SD flash memory you want.  I will say that the 2" TFT LCD screen is actually great right out of the box, and downloading mp3's in WMP sync mode works just fine.  Plus, in my experience, this is a fun, if quirky, device that's covered my multimedia bases cheaply, conveniently  and enjoyably.  Now some specifics:CAMERA- Hey, this is 5MP, after all, and the bottom line on the camera is you will take decent pics once you get to know it since settings and features are minimal. You need plenty of light, natural light preferably, and a steady hand.  The flash works fine, it is actually powerful, overwhelmong at close range.  I recommend a tinted plastic film over the flash and it's tamed to work better when needed.  Just practice shooting a bit in- and outdoors at first, and then you'll be ready to take good photos when you need to.VIDEO- See 'Camera'.  This is not the izone's strong suit but can be a lot of fun on the fly, provided there's plenty of light and a steady, paced operator.  Practice first, and you'll make vids worth keeping.  Cam and vid can use up the battery in about an hour, but you can charge this unit everywhere with the small usb input- you get about 3 hours out of mp3 use.MP3 PLAYER- extremely simple, basic GUI, with only 8 characters for artist, title and star rating, and no EQ or tone controls! But, the sound quality is actually excellent, with plenty of volume (keep in mind my headphone recommendations). I thoroughly enjoy the depth and texture of the sound, with deep, rich, articulate bass tones.  Again, syncing with WMP and Windows XP works smoothly, although the player can be picky at times about file types.The bottom line is, this unit packs plenty of good, raw hardware, though it certainly lacks significantly in the way of adjustable settings and features, as is. But with a little (easy) dressing up and familiarity, it delivers the goods. Polaroid: our izone 550's would benefit tremendously with firmware and software improvements <hint><hint>.  As is, a recommended buy at under $40.