I have this camera for a few days and very happy with its high ISO and low noise performance. I took pictures while we had a bonfire with NO flash and ISO 6400. Pictures are very usable with very little noise!! Other cameras would give me a lot of colorful dots all over the darker area of the pictures. I wish they can reduce its size so I can fit it into my jacket pocket. I also wish they fix the video "metal" noise issue, with that, video is almost useless. But video should be left with camcorder anyway. The live view does not stay on after I switch back from play mode. So I need to hit the LV button every time and it is a little slow. It is fast in saving picture with my 8GB SDHC class 10 card, I can keep taking picture almost continuously with just indoor lighting. For below $500, I think there is nothing (or very hard) that can match this camera. I also have another question. How come the shutter noise is so loud on this camera? It woke up my sleeping child when I took a few pictures. My 2nd half did not like it... Is this normal for this type of bigger camera or do I have a defective unit ? It also makes noise when I change setting or turn the dial. This is my first digital camera with detachable lens. I used Canon SX20is, Fujifilm HS10 and other compact cameras and they are much quiet. After taking many pictures, the shutter noise just imprinted into my brain now. It sounds like some expensive cameras..... It is a power saver too, I am still using the batteries which come with this camera after few days of testing, flashing and video'ing. I am considering getting K-r next when the price drops more!! The spec shows the same senor size, same pixel counts and added new features. It uses same processor but a review said it is faster in performance. I wish Pentax has newer firmware to make K-x faster too. I don't understand why other vendors keep increasing the pixel counts of every new camera using smaller or same size of senor and then degrade their PQ. Pentax does not follow them on the new K-r, this is what I like :-)