I purchased this camera for taking pictures of family events and fun activities.  The extent of my photography experience was limited to the throw-away point and shoot Kodak cameras.  I must say that this camera is great for someone like me.  The "P" mode is perfect (in this mode, the camera does everything for you).  At this point you have a great point and shoot camera with the results being great pictures and you don't have to fiddle with many camera adjustments.  It didn't take me long to figure out the basic operation of the camera and get it to the point where I could actually take pictures.  I was able to successfuly load the software on my home computer, install the USB driver and insert the smart media card in both my camera and printer in a relatively short order.  Instructions were pretty self explanatory.The camera also has advanced features - such as apperture and shutter control priority.  The menus are fairly intuitive once you get the hang of how they work.  I have found the display window to be visible in most outdoor conditions - although with high intensity sun exposure, visibility is somewhat hampered.  It has been exciting learning all the things that the camera can do.  I agree with many of the other reviewers, the lens cap and the grinding noise that the camera makes it you attempt to turn it on without removing the lens cap is somewhat of a minor annoyance.  However, given the price of the camera, it's relative ease of use, it's features and the quality of the pictures that it delivers, the lens cap situation is not a terrible over annoyance.It's a great camera for introducing yourself to the digital world.  It's primary features are the ability to give it's users pretty good pictures with very simple operation while at the same time offering adjustment capability for the more experienced photographer.  I like the fact that it is 3 megal pizels because you can print pictures with pretty good resolution in the 8x10 size.  Pictures from the camera work well with the HP photosmart printer. All in all, I would purchase this camera again.  I've owned the camera for about 3 months.  As I become more experienced, I'll update this review and share my experiences.