I will make this short, this camera is great!  I've been researching for a DSLR for several years.  I just didn't want to take the plunge because of cost and how confusing they seemed to be.  Well I finally decided on the Pentex K-7 after much research.  I always leaned towards Cannon or Nikkon but the Pentax just seemed to be a real camera and not all hype.  I also really liked the weather resistant rating on this camera.  My first impressions is that this camera is great, has a lot of features and I love the quality of pics and the quality of the feel of the camera base.I've only had it for about 2 weeks, and I bought the Magic Lantern book with it which I also recommend if your new to DSLRs.  I have taken about 500 pics so far and I'm very very impressed witht the prints and the speed of the camera.  I took it on a recent hiking trip in Sedona, Az and got hit hard by wind/sand ontop of a ridge and was happy to have such a weather resistant camera.  I took a total of 200 photos and all the pics came crisp and clean.  The only problem was that I bought a cheap 55mm UV filter which I don't recommend.  I got a few pics of flare towards the west photos during sunset.  So I just ordered a B+W high quality filter which I should get in the mail soon.  Don't waste your money on a cheap filter!I also like the software that came with the K-7. It's not as good as photoshop, but it's easy to use and you can make good touch ups when it comes to WB and Ev really quick.All in all, I'm a new DSLR user and I'm still learning how to master the camera and digital photography in general.  But the K-7 is easy to use and is a joy to work with.  I love the quality of the camera and from what I can see the camera takes amazing photos as well.  I also ordered a tripod which I haven't had a chance to use yet but will shortly and will update my review on night shots.If your thinking about a DSLR and want a good camera that wont break the bank but will hold up against the most popular models then buy this camera!