I just purchased this camera and lens (with another lens in a different set) and it has blown me away so far.  The pictures have been just incredible.  The focus, metering, exposure, flash, color balance...  Everything is perfect so far.I have mainly used the camera in full automatic mode and it really shines.  Its as simple as a point and shoot in this mode.  I have used the camera in difficult lighting situations and the photos have been incredible.  There is no noticeable shutter lag, which is very important to me.  I have a 6 yo son who goes from smiling one moment to looking away the next.  I have missed so many photos in the past due to shutter lag, but that is not a problem with this camera.  Another feature that helps is the continuous mode.  I can take 3 pics a second for up to 100 pics and then select the best.  Generally I find I can get a good pic in like 10-15 photos.I used to be a serious photo hobbist during the days of film, but always had problems finding a darkroom to develop my film.  The darkroom issue and the shear cost of film and paying for processing made me abandon the hobby.  But this camera is really bringing back the excitement of this hobby again without the trials and expense of the darkroom.The only downside in this camera is the price, but in this instance, you get what you pay for.  You might be able to save a buck or two with another camera, but I wouldn't even try.  I can't imagine a camera taking a better picture.By the way, I love this lens.  The 18 to 55 mm focal length is a nice every day lens.  Its much wider angle then you find on the point and shoot cameras, yet you can still get close.  I have a 55-200 mm lens as well, but I find I use the 18-55 lens more.  The shorter lens is great in confined spaces, where you can't easily back away from the subject, and its always better to move closer to your subject than use a long lens (unless you can't for safety reasons).My only regret is waiting so long to get a DSLR camera of this quality.  It has really opened up a old hobby for me.