This is not my first digital camera but let me tell you it ranks right up there with my $800 Sony.  I'm still learning my way around with it but it does take the most beautiful photos and captures the true color better than most other cameras out there.I really like the fact that the view screen is good size especially for those that are like me and can't see half the time what you're doing if you don't have glasses on.  I don't really need the glasses with this screen.  YAY!It's size is extremely comfortable in hand and the buttons are placed in logical spots instead of reaching here there and everywhere to try and find them.  I was even able to figure out how to put the date in it before reading the directions.My expensive Sony is an SLR Digital and is bulky which those of you who have something similar can relate to.  I also have a Kodak  that I paid about $200 for maybe six or seven years ago and it's a bit bulky compared to the Fuji.The cameras instructions are easy to understand which makes using this a breath of fresh air.  If I were going to go out and buy a new digital camera tomorrow I would most certainly consider this one in the top ranks for it's all around easy and price.You get what you pay for and I'm sure this will last me just as long as my Kodak if not longer.  Oh and ladies, it fits in the purse nicely.  Carry and go.  Never know when you will need something to take that one precious photo.8/10/2009 UPDATE ~ I have been using this camera now for a few weeks and still find it takes wonderful pics.  My only drawback is that I like to shoot in Macro and this is really not the camera for that.  It does fantastic action shots as I found out this weekend with my three grandchildren visiting and was so nice not to have the motion blur that happens with a lot of other camera's out there.  Actually caught my granddaughter booping her little brother off the head with her Webkinz.  Ahh, nothing like being caught in the act and have the proof in the picture.  LOL!Also have not charged the battery in the month I have had this and it's still going strong.  Just need to get a bigger memory card and I will be in heaven for quite some time.