A previous review made a false claim regarding the flash.  If you turn it off, it will stay off (or whatever you set it to) until you turn the camera off and turn it back on again.  the default setting is always auto.As for the quality, I think the camera is well-made, but perhaps some aspects of the design are lacking: the battery door opens very easily if you rest your fingers on it while holding the camera; the SD slot door clicks closed nicely, but the hinge is flimsy; the directional pad is hard to press in the middle (for the OK button) without also pressing one of the arrows at the same time.  An annoying flaw is that the camera has trouble taking more than 2 pictures in quick succession.  After that the camera takes several seconds to be photo ready again.The same reviewer was accused by another reviewer from Seattle of being a racist based on the comment implying that everything made in China is cheap in quality.  ...Being half-Chinese myself, I don't think there was anything wrong with the first reviewer's statement. Most of the stuff made in China IS cheap in quality. They're getting better, but it's practically a fact of modern life that "made in china" = significant probability of low quality.Back to the camera: This is not a professional camera nor anywhere close to it. Diagonal lines, for example, are often pixellated even on highest quality (when viewed at actual size).  that said, the quality of the photos is plenty adequate for simple photography, and its close-up photos (use the switch, take photo from range of 1') are top-quality--they are the best type of photo it takes.the 2X digital zoom is pretty worthless, since it degrades the quality of the picture.the camera gets very good battery life on 1800mah NiMH rechargeables.when indoors and not using the flash, you either need to hold the camera extremely steady or decrease the exposure time, otherwise the picture will be blurred.If all you want to do is have a digital camera for basic use, i.e., simple family photos, sightseeing, etc., buy this camera.  And if you happen to sell a few things online every now and then as I do, this camera is more than adequate for close-up product-photos, unless you need photos at a range of less than 6 inches.  If you're looking for a camera for amatuer photography or anything more sophisticated, you might want a 3MP with a zoom at least.