What can I say - this is a fantastic camera! I'm not a professional by any means, but I have already found vast improvement in the quality of my photos by using this. It's a real gem from yesteryear. The colors are vibrant, the skin tones are amazing, and shots taken in good light are right sharp. People who love tweaking options can get a nice range of settings for ISO and aperture, but it doesn't throw so much at you that it gets overwhelming. As a relative newbie I rarely venture far from the auto mode but sometimes I try out the various priority settings or do some manual focus. No matter what my shots always look great.Near as I can tell the optics are pretty good. You get a range that goes anywhere from 6x zoom (use a tripod!) to the Super Macro - a really awesome feature that practically lets you put the lens right up against an object and shoot. There's a flash hotshoe for external attachment (the on-camera flash is pretty standard fare). I especially love the electronic viewfinder, since I never quite got the hang of looking at the LCD screens on digital cameras. This one is bright and sharp and frames your shot well. You can do a Voice Memo and record yourself so you'll know just what the heck you were photographing at the time. And it takes VGA/QVGA video to boot!A couple of quick gripes: there is no battery indicator except for "battery is dying in three seconds, powering off" (and there is a design flaw that causes one battery to drain when left in the camera... Google for a fix) Only supports up to 2gb CF cards and archaic 128mb SmartMedia cards. ISO 800/1600 limits resolution to 1.2 megapixels. Autofocus BADLY needs a light as it has a tough time picking distance indoors. Know these limitations, work around them, and the camera will do most everything else flawlessly.There is only one serious drawback: the camera is over five years old. As a result, the sensor sports only 3.1 megapixels, and can go up to 6 with on-camera interpolation (the result looks somewhere between 4 and 5 megapixels). Highest quality JPEG will get you up to 8x10 printouts before the quality really starts to suffer. If Fuji produced the same exact camera with an upgraded sensor I'd buy it immediately. It is that good.