This camera could be much better. Although there are good aspects of it, with the good comes the bad. It's good in the terms that it's fairly simple to operate, both the camera and the software. It has a timer, different flashes, good zoom, and a 30 second video clip. Although, the video clip, if used without a card, will fill most of the memory. The software is easy to set-up, and when the camera is detected, will direct you straight to the pictures so you can copy them into a separate folder.Previously I had many problems with it. I had it for a couple months and it would hold about 18-24 pictures normally (I don't have a card for more storage just yet), but then it began to hold only 7-9 pictures. I'm still not entirely clear on why that was but I formatted it on the advice of a friend and it's now back to normal. I did lose the pictures I had on it after I formatted it but that was expected. Rechargable batteries are generally a must need for any digital camera unless you enjoy watching batteries be eaten away within an hour.The software has given me problems also. I selected a few pictures from a large selection out of the immediate download folder, copied them, went over to another folder, pasted them, returned to the main folder where my pictures taken should have been, and everything was gone. Checked all over my hard drive in case I somehow selected all the files unknowingly, found nothing. From now on I copy them all from the root folder into a single folder on my hard drive at the same time and move/rename them from there.In short, this is an alright camera. It can be tempermental at times, but it's good for beginners so long as they don't encounter the same problems I've had. User friendly and all that. Everything's pretty simple to find. Nice zoom, good selection of flashes.. Definately better with rechargable batteries and a charger though. I also wouldn't reccomend buying it if the feature that you like the most is the video clip since that uses all the memory and has no sound. There's no flash available for the clip as far as I know so the quality's horrible if you're indoors with little light.