Digital point and shoot cameras should not be looked at as a replacement to film cameras, the quality just isn't good enough for anything important or for images that you need to enlarge. But, for the convenience of being able to email your snapshots or upload them to a webpage or online auction quickly and easily, nothing beats a digital cam. The image quality of this Canon is acceptable if you understand that you will not be able to match 35mm film quality. The color saturation on the images is surprisingly good however you will notice some milky haze around some of the edges and background if you look closely. This is common (and expected) for low and mid range digital cameras such as this one. I bought this camera over the newer S230 model because of the price and the fact that the S230 has longer shutter lag. While the S230 has more megapixels, I wasn't willing to pay so much for images that would just end up being emailed and on webpages anyway. And the longer shutter lag in the S230 is unwelcomed. The image quality and 'look' is equal in both cameras as far as I can tell, of course the S230 model just makes them a bit larger. This camera is quite small, which makes it convenient to have with you all the time, or to put in your camera bag as an addition to other cameras. It only comes with an 8MB compactflash card. You will need another one. I recommend at least 128MB, which should give you 180 image capacity in the best picture quality mode with 'Super Fine' compression. The propriatary battery doesn't seem to last very long so it seems like an extra battery would be needed if you are going to rely on this camera a lot. But this will mean that you will have to carry around the extra battery, which adds a bit of inconvenience. All in all, Canon makes good digital point and shoot cameras for the money. The unit has a lot of features other manufacturers do not include (such as black and white and sepia modes as well as macro mode for close up photography) and it feels quite sturdy and designed well. It doesn't replace 35mm film cameras (nothing but the highest multi-thousand dollar digital cameras will), but for general snapshots and as a complement to your film cameras, this camera provides acceptable results.