I purchased the DMC-ZS3 after MUCH research as I needed to replace my beloved Canon Powershot A620 (after we both suffered a nasty fall in the mountains).  Unfortunately, Canon no longer makes the A620, nor do they make a replacement model in terms of size and features.  Bought the ZS3 because of the size, type of lens, HD video, and quality of the LCD monitor.  I compromised a viewfinder and the convenience of using AA batteries for size and hopefully, picture quality.  I wasn't blown away by the picture quality, but to be fair, only took about 40-50 shots.  Took a short video, which looked great (maybe even spectacular) on my large screen TV, and sound quality was surprisingly good. BUT.....I was very disappointed in the battery life.  Batteries exhausted after about 50 shots, 30 seconds of video, and maybe a combined 30-40 mintutes playing with the features (scrolling through menus, etc., but turning the camera on and off quite a few times).  I had read enough to know that you can't use one of the thousands of off-brand batteries sold on e-bay and elsewhere, so I ordered a genuine Panasonic battery from a very nice gentleman in Hong Kong.  After I charged this replacement battery up and it wouldn't work in my camera, I called Panasonic. The battery was the right model number, but I was told that Panasonic made a firmware upgrade to this camera and that the battery would no longer work in my camera.  ALSO...Panasonic had not yet manufactured any replacement batteries that would work with the new upgrade, and would not have any available until 9/18/09...SO...it was impossible for me to have an extra battery to take with me on my vacation which starts on 9/20/09 (pausing a day at Disney World to charge my one and only battery was not an acceptable option!).  I returned the ZS3 to Amazon several weeks ago for a full refund (Thanks Amazon!).  I purchased a Canon SX10 instead (3X the size, 3X the weight, but lots of features I love including a swivel LCD, viewfinder, and AA batteries).  I will have to say that the video on the Panasonic ZS3 (HD) is superior to the Canon SX10 (not HD). Haven't used the new Canon enough to know if I'm really happy about picture quality yet.  There were some things I really DID like about the Panasonic ZS3:  super bright LCD, super light weight, and really user friendly menus and controls.  I did accidentally hit the video button a few times....maybe it should be in a different place, but the camera is so small, I'm not sure where they'd put it. Didn't like the proprietary cables (what is with that?) and of course, the battery issue was a deal breaker. I wouldn't rule out purchase of a Panasonic camera in the future...if they make some changes, and would have kept this camera if not for the battery issue.