I've had this camera for a little over a week now. I found it very easy to learn how to use, and it's enabled me, in a relatively short period of time, to grab some pretty nice images -- if I must say so myself. Normally I write long, verbose reviews. This time, I'll just let the 4 sample photos I uploaded above speak for themselves. And for the FH25. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and I'm certainly no professional photographer. But I've dabbled in photography for a number of years, and I was very pleased with the results after having only worked with the FH25 for a week.(NOTE: I will be replacing the FH25 with the Lumix ZS8, but it's not a knock on the FH25, it's more a matter of preference: larger zoom (16x vs 8x), the 3" monitor (vs the 2.7"), the manual control options/settings, more reasonably priced replacement batteries and chargers, center position tripod mount, 2 "My Scenes" vs 1, and the ability to zoom in video mode -- all available on/for the ZS8. But the FH25 really got me hooked on Lumix cameras. It's somewhat smaller and lighter than the ZS8, which I see as a plus, and for the price, it's a great, capable, very user friendly camera. In terms of the ergonomics, I actually prefer the FH25. I like the Mode button on the back, rather than the Mode dial on the top. I got very good at switching back and forth without ever taking my eyes off of the screen. With the ZS8 I have to look up on the top and fiddle with the dial, making it a slower, more cumbersome process. I also prefer the placement of the tiny top speaker on the FH25 compared to the ZS8. It's almost a guarantee that everyone's left index finger is going to be blocking the ZS8's speaker. It's literally RIGHT THERE where you place your finger. It's not that big of a deal, it's just annoying. There's plenty of real estate up there; it could have easily been moved over a couple of inches. At first I thought I'd set the volume of the "beep" on low, but I hadn't. It sounded low because my finger was covering the speaker.)