I've shopped the market and for the price, nobody beats the Sony in picture quality, build quality, ergonomics (ease of use), or lens quality. Nobody. It's a sleeper, and before buying the new Canon Rebel, I accidently stumbled upon this camera. Mind you I already have an older generation Sony i've long since out grown. Right away I noticed something very special about this camera, its lag time (hardly) and giant 2.5" super accurate LCD screen. One of the fastest digital cameras on the market including the pro DSLR's. From there I realized that everything fit my hand well and seemed in the appropriate spot. Being an avid outdoor person, lots of mountain biking etc... I wanted a compact lightweight camera with a heavyweight punch. That is what this camera is. I almost settled for the much larger DSLR's out there. Glad I didn't. Small enough to fit in a jersey pocket, and super lightweight (for what you get) I hardly feel it when im out there. Yet I can stop and take pics all day (3hour battery life avg. on a single charge, very impressive!!)if I want too. The 1Gig memory stick was very affordable (got mine for $109.00) and I have yet to fill it up on a single outing taking upwards to 300 pictures at a full 7.2 meg resolution!!! Did I mention how good the pictures are? There are alot of reviews on this camera out there, that speak highly of the picture quality with one snag. There are alot of claims about the camera automatically going to a high F number in bright sunlight. This however is easily remedied using the camera's built in Aperature priority mode, or manual mode. So I wonder if any of the reviewers actually owned this camera? Even though that seems to be the only complaint from the lot, i've yet to experience what they claim as "reduced image quality, poor image quality" in bright light conditions using the automatic modes (Ill keep trying however, there may be some truth to it). However, i've already taken upwards of 1000+ pics with it and have yet to see the Sony duplicate that claim. On the contrary the little Camera really seems to shine in bright light conditions, taking for me the most crisp, clear, and color filled pictures to date. You can say I am happy with it and look forward to learning everything it is capable of, the next step is you! Ill save you from the specs/additional features as you can go see them for yourself as im sure you will be more than pleased/satisfied. I've seen it on price war sites as low as $439.00, for that price its a steal, for the $569.00 I got it for it was a real good investment and worth every penny.