I've bought several of these little digital cameras over the last 15 years, and this little Sony holds it's own. Of course it has more pixels than the older cameras, however at around 8 mp other things like shutter speed and quality of optics are more important to image quality. For this reason I tend to prefer buying from experienced high-end camera makers over consumer electronics makers like Sony. My digital Nikons and Canons have taken great pictures since I first bought a Nikon Cool-pix in '97 or so. I decided to give this Sony a try due to the large screen and better than average telephoto range. The Sony, I'm happy to say, keeps up with the camera pros. Maybe it's the Carl Zeiss optics - I had assumed that Sony just bought the rights to use the name, but it's actually a decent lens system. The telephoto works well, and pictures are as sharp as the competition throughout the focal range. Color balance and light metering are also first rate. My kids love playing with the smile feature, and they make videos which, while not as good as a dedicated camcorder, are better than missing the action altogether. The LCD is large and clear, and we don't miss the rangefinder at all. Battery life is good. Overall, excellent quality and feature set.We've had nothing but trouble with Sony TVs since 1990 or so, and our one Sony Camcorder was a reliability disaster. But this camera must be made but a totally different branch of the company, since all the controls work, and the unit feels solid. It's been used a lot in the near-year we've had it, and had no issues at all. Software and hardware all work great.My only complaint, and the reason this is not a 5-star review, is the non-standard memory stick. Why can't Sony use an industry standard like Micro SD, and stop trying to push their proprietary versions on people? They've been trying to do this since the Betamax, and it's never worked. They hurt their products and their customers with this attitude, trying to squeeze a few more nickels out of people. A very short-sighted business practice. But this camera's other great features make it worth overlooking the silly Sony stick - just allow a few extra bucks for the "stick tax".Digital cameras being what they are, someday soon Sony will sadly replace this little gem with something that has more mega-pixels, and there should be some great pricing as this is discontinued. If you can, snag one then - the new model won't take pictures that are any better. Meanwhile, If you're looking for a Camera in this class, this should be on your short list.