Before the D300 (and, sooner rather than later, the D3) I'd been giving serious thought to switching to Canon gear.  I'd seen what the Canon 5D could do with sharpness and color--results I just couldn't get out of my Nikon D200.  When Nikon announced the D300 and D3, I was skeptical.  The D3 looked great, but is out of my price range for now.  And the D300 seemed, at best, an evolutionary improvement over the D200.But I have an awful lot of money invested in Nikon gear, so I figured I'd give the D300 a shot.  After all, I could always return it to Amazon for a full refund.First impression?  The D300 is anything but evolutionary--it's a full-scale revolution for Nikon, and it's forever banished thoughts of Canon from my mind.Just shooting around the house, I find that the D300 can render colors, even true-looking, vibrant reds, like nothing short of Fuji's super-best Velvia film.  Soon I'l turn it loose at Garden of the Gods and we'll see what it can really do.  Best of all, the D300 can produce wild colors *and* natural skin tones--in the same shot!  I don't understand how that's possible, since jacking up a camera's color vibrancy usually ruins people's skin.  But Nikon has done it.I'm especially fond of Nikon's menus and user controls.  They're much more intuitive than Canon, at least to me.  And even though there is a wealth of new features compared to the D200, I've managed to discover them all--and learn them all--without ever once cracking open the user's manual.  Talk about intuitive!About those new features... wow!  Multi-level zoom on the back screen, so you'll never doubt whether your shots are in focus or not.  The screen itself is huge, and features the highest pixel density of any LCD screen anywhere.  Your shots will look amazing, even before you get prints made.  Dozens of other features with varying degrees of usefulness, I'll let more involved reviewers tell you about those.What counts for me is bold colors, great looking skin, and a camera that won't ever distract me from my shot, by forcing me to think about *how* to make the shot.  The D300 delivers on all three counts.