Two months after purchasing the 20D, I'm happy with the quality of shots and of the body itself, but regretting buying a dSLR without spot metering.  (Live and learn.)The one disappointment that still bugs me about the 20D:  no spot metering for back-lit situations.  This often slows down getting a shot as the only work arounds are bracketting or manually readjusting for overexposing.  Yes, this can be a major pain, and "perfect" moment shots can be lost or have underexposed foreground subjects.  Folks who shoot mostly in studios really should not comment on spot metering!Don't be fooled by the partial metering like I was--it really doesn't make much of a difference over the evaluative, especially on human sized subjects!  The partial metering area is simply to big to catch a proper exposure in backlit situations.Unfortunately, the only way as of today, March 9, 2005, to get spot metering in a Canon is to buy a 1D (or 1Ds) Mark II, which is huge and much more expensive.  Nikon offers the feature on the D70, so consider carefully before investing in lenses!Other than this short-of-fatal shortcoming, the camera has few things to complain about.  Great images, custom functions, and ergonomics.  All things considered, I'm satisfied with the camera and have learned to work around the lack of spot metering (meaning as soon as I realize I'm in a back-lit situation I twirl to slightly overexpose--no matter how fast I twirl, however, spot metering would be faster and more efficient.)One point playing off a few other reviews regarding firewire:  In-body firewire and USB 2.0 are both virtually obsolete.  For less than $20 just buy a little CF card reader that plugs directly into a PC/notebook--with or without a cable.  Who wants to fiddle with a cable attached to a camera, particularly when traveling and setting up on the often cramped spaces in motel rooms?  Just pop out the CF card and stick it into the reader--this lets you drag and drop the files from the card to the PC instead of patiently letting them download out of the camera.Furthermore, using a card reader means you don't have to install the camera's clunky image download software--Windows 2000 and above handles the card readers automatically, dispaying the card contents just like they are on another drive.  And all the card readers come with drivers for Windows 98.Sincerely,A somewhat satisfied, and wiser-after-the-fact buyer.