I really wanted to like this camera. I loved the fact that it was a step in between an SLR and an Instamatic. The 15x Optical Zoom on a camera at this price is tantalizing. But the simple fact is that, like other reviewers, I couldn't get this camera to take a good photo. The pre-set scenes didn't seem sufficiently useful. I didn't like that you had to flip through menus to bring them up which is too time consuming for point-and-shoot. And you pretty much had to be shooting from a tripod to get a non-blurred photo. The color is extremely disappointing. The useability leaves something to be desired. The Vibration Reduction is worthless.I bought this camera to replace my Canon PowerShot SD780IS. But that camera took way better pictures. The color was brighter and I didn't have to be a robot to get a non-blurred image. So I exchanged the L110 for Canon's version of the same thing, the PowerShot XS130IS. Of course, that camera only has 12x zoom rather than 15x, but the set back in zoom is a worthy price to pay for better photo taking. In fact, the PowerShot XS130IS is much more usable than the L110 - it can go fully manual, it has a setting where you set the aperture and the camera determines the shutter speed or vice versa. Plus it has many more pre-set scenes than the L110. It has better face recognition than the L110. The color is much more vivid, especially when shooting in "vivid" mode. Best of all, Canon's Image Stablizing software actually works and you can take a crystal clear picture. That's what I missed when I went from my SD780 to the L110. The PowerShot XS130IS is a way better camera for $10 less than the L110. Some say the L110 takes good photos if you know what you're doing. Here's the simple facts: (1) I couldn't get the L110 to take a good photo in any condition and I was able to take better photos with my SD780; (2) the PowerShot XS130 has triple the capability (again, it goes fully manual) and yet is still suited for quick, point-and-shoot photography. So, the PowerShot XS130 in my opinion is a true hybrid between the SLR and the Instamatic - I can take my time and have full control over the camera when I have the time and I can go fully instamatic when I'm just wanting everyday photos.