Update 3/06:Well, after using this camera for 3 months I have to come back with the following feedback:-it is heavier and bulkier than many 5mp cameras (does not fit in a standard pocket-size portable camera bag)-sometimes people's lips come out BLACK or PURPLE in the pictures-the shutter lag time is annoying (as someone reported above).  I haven't yet figured out a setting where the camera will take one shot exactly when I press the button if I just took another shot within the last few seconds.  So I get a few pictures of people with frozen smiles on their faces or miss some shots.  Can anyone offer some advice for this sticky situation?-other than that, I still love the camera - great resolution and if you have the red-eye reduction on it works pretty well, battery is easy to rechargeOriginal review:I purchased the Nikon Coolpix 8400 12/05It was rated first in Advanced Compact Digital Cameras category by Consumer Reports 11/05We got a big discount buying this camera through Amazon.com when there was a limited-time promotionIt was actually shipped by Ritz CameraComes with neck strap, battery and charger!  Does not have built-in memory so you need to separately buy a compact flash card.  A high-speed CF card would be a good idea.  I would also recommend you buy an extra rechargeable battery and a camera case.  Per specs:  "Coolpix 8400, lens cap, strap, USB cable, audio video cable, rechargeable Li-ion battery EN-EL7, battery charger MH-56, remote controller ML-L3, PictureProject CD-ROM"I have changed the settings to take pictures in "Fine" resolution and they are running 1,600-2,500 KB in size.  "Extra fine" mode is also available but I don't think I will need to use it unless taking a super-important photo.We are upgrading from a Nikon Coolpix 5200 (the zoom button broke when I dropped it on the deck).  The 8400 is black, not silver, and a bit larger/heavier.  This digital camera is a big step up.  The 8400 seems to have better red-eye correction and a good backlit mode.  Some people have complained that on another Nikon camera the red-eye correction is automatic, whether you like it or not, however on the 8400 you do not need to worry about that because it is optional.