I got the red version of the Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 10MP 12x Zoom and loved the way the camera looked but I must have gotten a lemon because this camera took horrible pictures of flesh tones and off whites in medium to low light.  My husband and I both read the manual from front to back and tested the camera's white balance, blue/red color distortions, ISO, etc to get the camera to make better pictures.  Regardless of what we did, either photos of my 4 month old daughter turned out grey or photos of me turned out orange.  All test photos were taken indoors in lower light (our apartment does not provide a lot of natural light) because that is where I will be using my camera the most for a while.  Photos of our living room area, with the floor lamps on, produced photos where the light in the room looked orange and the images were dark.  Again, my husband and I played altered the camera's settings and were able to reduce the orange color a little bit but the photos were still not true to color or vibrant.Additionally, when I took a photo of my daughter at a 2ft distance indoors with a flash when the living room lights were on, she washed out and everything behind her went black.  I took photos at a higher ISO (800), which reduced the blackness behind her but the colors were not true.The video's are difficult to find on the camera and the format is hard to play for the layman user due to the video files not being in MPEG or another easy format for Windows media player to read.  I changed the video setting to MOV, which requires Apple Quick Time. The video quality in MOV setting was poor. Very, very, frustrating for the layman/average user. I did not like the software provided with the camera.I gave this camera two stars because the zoom is incredible.  A close up photo I took of my black cat indoors in the middle of the day with as much natural lighting as possible was amazing - sharp and clear - I could see each whisker in extraordinary detail.  Excellent zoom.Either I got a lemon or this camera does not produce true colors in low light. Human tones in low light are either grey or orange. This camera is too expensive to accept such poor picture quality and the inability to play videos on standard windows media programs.