If I could give this camera 0 stars I would!As a teenager I'm not looking for anything too snazzy in a camera. I had a pretty cheap digital olympus that lasted me about 3 years and I loved it. No fancy modes, no high-tec fancy smancy mumbo jumbo... not that I wouldn't like a high-tec camera, just that I don't particularly need it. I just want a camera that allows me to take a few hundred pictures at a time, for trips with friends and the family, for soccer games, for concerts, the beach...ect... My old reliable camera broke last summer after I got thousands of great pictures out of it, and so for the last x-mas my mother (who didn't do much research, but with good intentions) bought me this PIECE OF CRAP...If you like all the fancy ways to take pictures- there is a tiny possibility you might like this camera... It has all that...somewhat... no wait... not at all...It maintains a pretense that its high-tec, but it's really just a piece of crap.When I first got it I brought it with me on my trip to Paris and I was highly dissapointed that after I shot a picture it took literally 15-20 seconds for the flash to re-whatever and let me take another one. I missed about 70% of the pictures I wanted to take, and whenever people posed in my pictures- it took about 5 minutes for my camera to "let" me take the picture. NO CANDID SHOTS here.Then halfway through the trip, I'd turn on the camera, the screen would pop up, I'd try to take a picture, the orange and green lights would flash and then it would simply turn off... I looked through the manuel and it says that this is simply a problem with the batteries (although the battery symbol came up as full) and so I bought a fresh pack and re-loaded them. And of course it continued to flash and turn off..I'm not done- I took it to a camera shop, and the guy had no idea what was wrong- I missed pictures of half my Paris trip, a concert ,  and a beach trip with my friends all because of this horrible joke-of-a-camera.- I also spent the equivolent of the price of this piece of crap on disposable cameras that gave me horrible pictures.BIG TIP- If you have a son or daughter and you're buying them a camera DO NOT buy this one just-because it's cheap(in case I haven't made myself clear), because they will hate it and resent you for not researching or caring about it...