I have had this camera for almost a year and felt compelled to share my experience.  I researched similar models from Canon and Sony extensively in addition to this one and made this purchase with a lot of confidence.First off, some qualifications.  I use this camera primarily to take pictures of my 1-year son and 3-year old dog while hiking.  I've only used the video features in limited capacity (although this was one of the reasons I chose it).I recently returned from a 7 day backcountry backpacking trip and felt I put this camera to a sufficient test.  I carried two batteries and still had over half capacity on the second battery at the end of the trip.  I took over 500 pictures on the highest quality setting and still had plenty of room on the 8 GB card.  I like this size camera because I generally carry it in the cargo pocket of my hiking pants.  We hiked over 30+ miles, in 30-40 degree F temps, at 13K ft, with this camera banging around and I had nary a problem.  I took a wide variety of pictures - night, sunset, action, landscape, macro focus, portraits - using nearly all the pre-set settings and came out with great pictures.  I've even framed a couple pictures at 11x16.  It was an amazing trip and I feel like was able to capture the impressive mountain/waterfall sights well.PRO's:- It is extremely easy to use.  The two favorite setting are easy to toggle and a third setting allows for a quick change in seconds.- Battery life is very good despite what other reviewer may say.- LCD screen is large and display is accurate- The iA feature is nice when you don't have time to modify settingsCON's- Not a huge fan of the pre-package software and use others for most uploading and editing.  Although, I used the panarama builder that came with it and panarma feature on the camera recently and was impressed with the ease of use.- I've had issues with the format of the video, but this may be user error.  For some reason, I can't get many applications (like Facebook) to recognize the default format of the videos.- I've had intermittent issues with blurry pictures.  I am hesitant to blame this on the camera as it's likely I was using the wrong setting or zoomed without a tri-pod.  However, there was some learning to get around this and some frustration over lost pictures for which I had high expectations.