this is great camera for the money.  It works the best at night.  you can hear even a pin drop on the floor.If you have verizon Westel, this is how you make it work, it took me two days to make it work.1) first you need to install the camera as they instruct you in menu, It is very easy few minutes. Now the chalenging part is outside network few days.First you need to do port forwarding, Verizon doesn't know how to do it or especial team wants $150 to help you.so here is how to do it for free!first get into the port forwarding and name the camera.  use the tab ADD and then use the select service and make a rule by tabing CREATE . make a name.  You need to use the tab called  PROTOCAL AND USE BOTH. put under both global and local portS 80 and 80 and80.  Then  apply.  Now under the number 1) rule pick the name you just made.  on 2) select host. on #0 pick the tv- ip 422w it put the ip 192.168.1.28 Also you need to fix the ip port to static on web camera set up.  Also you need to go to the advance or mny network and enable remote so you can rich the camera from outside.  Do this set up and enable this general ip for the camera so it won't change its address everyday.Also the tech on trendnet were very helpful for the set up Trednet but didn't know anything about iphone and Westel verizon. They don't know about how to config port set up on other than their own which is reasonable.  If you need to know you Ip address use PING.eu and see if port 80 is working. You need to see that this port says open other wise outside net work you cann't connect. Now for those of you with Iphone and Ipad.  The web browser doesn't work.  You need to pay 4.99 and buy eyecam apps.  I wasted so much time to try so many software and web browser and none of them work, at least all the free one and few pay one I.e ipcam( waste of money).  So eyecam is the only one that allowed the web cam work.  i wished they had it made a version for ipad and not just for iphone.  But it work for both iphone and ipad, except the resolution for ipad is not as good as for iphone.  Be patient it will work eventually.