I will leave all the technical reviews for other people.  I went to a lot of camera stores before making my choice.  Every single store recommended the Canon or the Nikon over the Pentax.  But I had read a lot of great reviews on the net and the selection of lenses for the Pentax covered all my needs.  The big deciding factors for me were:1-  Build construction which is far superior to the Nikon or Canon2-  Size.  Smaller than the other two and much nicer to hold and feels better in the hand.3-  Weather proofing.  I had to take some pictures on the beach the other day with a friend who has a Canon.  It started to rain and my friend had to scurry for cover.  I was able to finish the shots and not worry about the camera getting a little wet.4-  Lenses.  I really like the selection of Pentax lenses.  They seem better value for money and the DA* series is great.  When you boil down the selection of what you really need or can use on your camera the Nikon or Canon selection is not as huge as it looks unless you are a sports photographer and need a super long lens.  Plus you can use older lenses and I have bought a couple of older second hand lenses like a super wide angle that I do not use often, but enjoy to have.5-  Value for money.  Pentax gives you a much better camera at this price level than Canon or Nikon.Image quality from what I have seen to very close between all the better cameras.  With any of these cameras you have to read the manual and practice using the camera to make the most of it.  With a little practice now I am finding the layout of the controls on the Pentax brilliant and can quickly and easily make any of the adjustments I need.  There are so many great and clever features that I really enjoy.  The shops also made a big deal about the mode dial on the Canon and Nikon.  This is great for beginners and the Pentax is more a Prosumer camera.  But the Pentax has these same setting in the menu if you want them and we sometimes use them for general shooting.I love this camera.  It does not look like a big hunk of plastic sitting there and has a quality feel to it.  It is very easy to learn to use and the resulting photos are fantastic even with the kit lens.  My best recommendation is to go to a shop and hold the Pentax side by side with the Canon and Nikon and you will see the differences I have noted above.  It really swings the decision to the Pentax.