Unless you want to constantly change the camera settings, the Nikon d80 overexposes pictures. This means that the picture looks extremely white in some cases, especially if you take a shot that includes the sky. This is the case even when the camera is set in auto mode. One would expect that auto mode would produce a balance picture quality. Instead most pictures taken in bright light, even the sun reflecting off an object, will be extremely white to the point where you cannot see the features or "highlights." It is a shame because this camera is rather expensive!Based on several reviews and web postings, the D70 underexposes and the D80 overexposes. From what I am reading, some people buy the D70 to find out that it underexposes--meaning that the pictures are very dark. A lot of people who bought the D70 got stuck with it because they believed that the underexposure was due to their not knowing how to use the camera. So, they end up buying the D80, which is presented as an upgrade. However, the other extreme happens in the D80; it overexposes. Some people are smart enough to return it immediately. Others fall trap to the notion that overexposure is due to their not knowing how to use the camera. When they realize that the D80 has a defect, it is too late to return. Some end up buying yet another upgrade--the D200. I have not used the D200, but from most accounts, it does not have the exposure problems that is seen in the D70 and D80. Here is my theory: Nikon purposely designed the cameras with a flaw, so that you will never be satisfied with the camera that you buy. As a result, you will end up buying three or more cameras to compensate for the shortcomings of the one before. I have packed my D80 in it original box and I will return it immediately. At first, when I decided that I cannot live with the D80 another day, I was thinking about buying the D200. However, I am skeptical of a company, who designs products to trick consumers into spending more and more money because of dissatisfaction.Don't buy the D80! If you cannot take "normal" pictures in auto mode, it is useless--especially since the camera was designed for amateurs, as some reviews present.Do not trust the reviews that say the camera is good, including DPreview. The reviews are done in a way that people who do not know about camera will not get a straight forward presentation as to whether the camera should stay on the shelf.Nikon, you need to fix the D80 overexposure problem!