My husband gave me this camera as a gift and "upgrade" to my Nikon Coolpix 3100, which I've had a couple of years and which has been through a lot, including being dropped, but which still works fine.I followed the instructions for charging the battery and then took a few test photos.  Even with the macro setting selected, the camera cannot take close-up photos with any clarity--this camera will be useless to you if you want to take photos of small items to sell on eBay, or if you like to take photos of flowers, or anything else close-up, which is something I like to do.I turned the camera off after taking about seven photos and went to bed.  When I woke up the next morning I wanted to see how the camera did outside. When I turned the camera on, the view screen did not light up, but I thought I might have touched some energy-saving button by mistake.  The camera is SO small that I had trouble holding it without touching buttons, and had trouble touching the buttons I wanted to touch because the wrist strap is so short.Anyway, I took several photos of my two kittens, who were climbing a tree.  The flash went off each time I took a photo, so I assumed that pictures were being taken, even though I saw nothing on the view screen.When I uploaded the photos to my computer, they were blank, dark brown rectangles.The camera manual [which is on CD] did not have any troubleshooting item that matched the problem I was having.  When I examined the view screen under very bright light, I could see the menu very faintly, and a message saying "Underexposed."  My husband and I could not get the view screen to come back, so we had to return the camera.I don't know if this is poor quality control or what, but the camera essentially broke the second time I tried to use it.  Even if it hadn't conked out, I still would have been disappointed with the hard-to-grip style of the camera and small buttons, small wrist trap, and terrible close-up lens.  I never got to test outdoor snapshots, so I can't say anything about the quality of them, but others have mentioned that regular  photos turn out blurry around the edges.  Do not waste your money on this camera.