Let me start by saying that the only reason I didn't rate this as 5 stars is because the LCD display is a little dim and very hard to see in bright sunlight. But the photos come out great, even if you have to guess a bit at what you're aiming at. Indoors is fine, though.I bought this camera specifically to mount on my mountain bike to make high-def videos. It's small, lightweight and has the tripod mount in the center so the camera will be balanced when I bounce over rocky trails. The video (720p) is very good, but the image stabilization doesn't help on my bike. In fact I think it's better without it and then I just rely on post-processing to stabilize it. But I don't hold that against the camera - it's a pretty shaky ride on a the trails, whether it's mounted on the frame or my helmet. When the video is too shaky to view, I can still grab individual frames (using my video editing software, not included with the camera) and use them as photos - the resolution is high enough to put on the web, but not for printing.The camera doesn't come with a printed manual. You have to get the manual from the included CD. You can pick one of several dozen languages. It does have a printed quick-start guide to get you going.The camera records video up to a max of 2GB. The manual says that is about 9 minutes, but I've found it's more like 11-12 minutes. When you reach the limit, it just stops recording and saves what it has.As for memory cards, the manual says up to 8 GB micro SDHC is guaranteed; I've used a 16 GB card with no problems. In video mode, the total record time left (based on space on the memory card) is displayed at the top. An 8 GB card holds almost 45 mintues of 720p video. The 16 GB card holds double, but the battery is only good for about an hour of video, so you'll need a spare to fill 16 GB.The battery can be removed from the camera, but only way to charge it is in the camera using the included USB cable. It's not a standard USB cable, so don't lose it!I have taken many dozen photos with it, exclusively outdoors, and they came out very well. At least I didn't notice any problems with them. The color, contrast and focus were all good.In summary, I think this camera is a great bargain! It's small and easy to carry, attractive and takes good pictures and video. The only issue I have is that the display isn't bright enough to see well when outside in the sun.