Compact, sleek n slim, attractive design, good picture and video quality, user friendly, fully loaded and of course, the price tag is under 150 bucks? What else do you want?It's 14.2 Megapix, plus 5X optical zoom which is above the standard for its class.I've been using this camera for 6 months and I've not found any problem yet.I am thinking of buying another one since my girlfriend has already put it in her purse. There's another new model just came out ( The Samsung TL240 ) which has more features and it's sold around $200 but it's not as compact as this one. So, go grab one before it's discontinued. It's onsale now around $120 somewhere on the internet but I think Amazon.com always has a best price.Btw, I found just one problem which I just laugh about it since it's not a big deal to me. It's clearly a huge mistake from Samsung about the SD/SDHC memory card supported, it's not compatible. This little camera only uses microSD card. Technically, it's all about space saver and compact but the microSD is expensive and it's not handy cause its size. Again, this is not a big deal breaker for me since I download the file straight out from the camera without taking out the memory card. Well, if you're a big fan of microSD then this is a must have!The battery life is good enough if you got it fully charged. It takes about 2 hours charging from AC adapter, you can charge it using the USB port on your computer too but it's not efficient.I don't think people would be ready to aim for the HD movie from the digtal camera because this only captures up to 720p in mp4 playback. Beside, if you record the video in the 720p mode, you would need at least 8GB of memory so you can record for more than 30mins. The video playback is good, clear picture and sound. The night mode is cool too.Overall, this is the best compact camera out there in its class. I would give it 4.5 star rating because of the memory card supported but I think the cons is not a big deal for me and it would be a pros for someone else so 5 stars for this little bad boy. Happy shooting!