The Sony DSC-P7 is a compact 3 Megapixel point-and-shoot camera for the casual photographer, with enough extra features and style to make it worth its higher-than-average price tag.  With 3 megapixels you'll be able to get very good prints up to even 8x10 inches.The P7 is part of a series of similarly-designed cameras, the P2 and P9, the P2 with 2 Megapixels and the P9 with 4 Megapixels.  In essence the P7 is really an update to Sony's previous compact model, the P5, which has the same maximum megapixels but has fewer features.  The P7 is comparable to the P71, a less compact budget model with the same maximum megapixels but with a plastic body and a feature missing.The P7 is really designed for the casual photographer.  It's small enough to keep in your pocket and well protected with an all-metal body.  It also offers the usual functions you'd expect, including zoom, timer mode, and auto focus.  Operation is simple because most of the settings, from focusing to white balance, can be set to automatic.  It even offers special modes for night shots and the hard-to-capture night portrait shots (night shots with both scenery and people are otherwise hard to get right without this mode).  Most of the time you'll get a good shot with everything on automatic, but it offers manual preset controls for white balance, exposure, and focus range when the situation calls for it.Advanced features include an AF illuminator, optical zoom, and movie recording with sound.  The AF illuminator fires a red light on a subject to get the proper level of exposure when shooting in dark areas, which does produce a better picture.  The 3x optical zoom makes it easier to capture pictures from far away without losing quality, which usually happens with cameras that only have digital zoom.  Movie recording lets you save 320x240 pixel movies, which isn't quite TV quality but close enough.  Importantly, it can record sound, which the P71 doesn't lacks.With all of these easy-to-use features crammed in a compact body, the P7 is easy to recommend even as a first camera.  Though the price tag is high, you get what you pay for in quality, features, and size.  For the budget-conscious, I would recommend the P71 because it has almost the same features and doesn't need expensive proprietary batteries, but for those who want to get the most reasonably priced 'premium' small camera, I highly recommend the P7.