Here are reasons why the Pentax S4i should be considered:1) SMALL AND LIGHT- Smallest not only by linear dimensions (also is the smallest by cubic inch 'bulk' as well ) and weights only 4.2 oz WITH battery and memory card.  All with a large 1.8" screen.2) AVAILABILITY - It is so easy to carry around that I don't leave it behind in the hotel room (how many times have you left your camera in the hotel room while out dining because it isn't acceptable to carry a full sized camera to dinner or other events...and lost the opportunity to capture pictures?)3) SHUTTER LAG and SHOT-TO-SHOT SPEED - Unlike other digital cameras...captures the picture as intended.  Hardly any shutter lag (0.1 sec).  Also important to me is that the time between shots is minimal with the internal buffer.4) LITHIUM RECHARGABLE BATTERY - Some prefer standard "AA".  I do not as the "AA" will allow less than 50 shots compared to the 200 shots I can get on a single charge.  Why is that important?  I hate to carry multiple spare batteries...and "AAs" are heavier (just as an example...holding four "AAs" alone feels as heavy as the Pentax S4i fully loaded with battery).5) SECURED DIGITAL MEMORY CARDS - The cards are cheaper in price than Xd or Memory Sticks.  My recommendation ... Panasonic brand high speed SD cards...which are known to be quicker than other brands (Panasonic data transfer write speeds of 10mbps ...which is quicker than the high end SanDisk Ultra II speed of 9mbps).  [Another thought... 4-megapixel is plenty to obtain beautiful 11x14 prints.  Choosing a higher megapixel camera is not necessary as most prints will be made below poster size and all the higher megapixel does is fill up your memory card faster].6) TELEPHONE SUPPORT - Call Pentax customer support at 800-877-0155 and you will see.  Not only for customer support...but technical knowledge and product selection.Suggested accessories:** Spare battery** Fitted authentic Pentax leather case with storage pockets for accessories.  Model PTX-L40.  Bought mine at Walmart.com for $19.34.  Also sold at Ritzcamera.com and Amazon.** Memory cards (I view it as a positive that Pentax is not including a memory card other than the included 10 mb internal memory.  This compares to many manufacturers that are providing a 16mb memory card...which will fit 16 shots at 4mp and are basically unusable).  (Suggestion....Pansonic brand secured digital cards are known to be quicker and higher performance than other brands.  Buy several 256mb cards.)** And yes...an Altoid tin for storage (Fits in the tin and it does close tight for storage.  Just have to shape the box by 1/16" with your thumb on the initial use to make room for the wrist strap eyelet.  No big deal).My best suggestion is to study this camera in person.  You will not be disappointed.I highly suggest the Pentax S4i for any traveler...as well as any parent...who wishes to have a very well engineered camera available...which will last for years to come.