Owning several Nikons in the past and using them with great success, I felt resonably sure that the S8000 would solve or exceed my current picture needs. Well it might if I was happy with the camera. Remember, I am aiming at the camera itself not the pictures. I'll get to the pictures later.First of all, I went through two S8000 before the third one came from Amazon and charged the battery. When the thrid camera came, I call Nikon, directly. I had them walk me through the process of everything from opening the box to plugging in the charger. I found that I had completed the task correctly, as the instruction book stated, twice before. When the third camera came and the battery was charging, I realized I didn't do enough homework. You  charge the battery in the camera unless you purchcase an additional external battery charger. Realize that if you don't have an external battery charger for an additional battery you can't use the camera.I like to be able to hold the camera with one hand. The S8000 is too thin, at least for me, to hold comfortably. There is a small thumb pad in the upper right corner of the body for your thumb and your right index finger holds the camera in front. My right hand shape was not what Nikon used as a guide when making the plans for the S8000.  It felt very uncomfortable holding it with just the right hand. Most of the time I used my left hand as well. I guess most of us put our left thumb under the camera and the left index finger on top. Not a good idea!! The flash is can't pop up if your finger is holding it down. Keep in mind that normally you would be holding the camera with the left hand while adjusting settings with the right hand as the camera is designed to do. Without thinking I would just frame and push the shutter release whereby loosing the picture as the flash couldn't open.Lastly, how much more could it cost to have two connectors for a neck strape instead of one for a wrist strape? I like having the camera hanging down from my neck so I grab it quickly and have my hands free when not holding the camera. Think about walking around all day on vacation not being able to use two hands as one hand has to hold the camera unless you put it away.I will say this, "it takes great pictures." The zoom is excellent. The 3 inch screen is great. Ok, so you can't zoom the lens in the video mode. It has more setting and adjustments than I would ever need to use but after all, it is a Nikon !