As an owner of 2 canon cameras I was not expecting to buy an Olympus. I decided I wanted a digital camera(my first) for Christmas/Birthday (my husband loves it when he knows exactly what to get) and after MUCH research and thought I concluded I wanted the C-7000.I received it from Amazon.com 7 days ago and have had not one moment of regret. Within minutes of opening I had the xd picture card and battery loaded and had taken a couple of pictures. Then I charged it for two hours as instructed.What I noticed immediately is how easy it is to use. It is easy to hold, feels very sturdy and has a rubber grip on the front right side. The compact digitals always felt too small to hold comfortably. Trashing unworthy images is painless and navigating the menus is straightforward.  I have not read the ins and outs in the manual (product of having a 16 month old) but I have the basics down.I must admit to being behind the times, my computer has win 98 and the software "bundle" is not compatible. This has not created a problem as I do have a mult-function printer (hp 2400) which has a xd slot. Pop it in, it downloads quickly and without any input. From one screen you can then edit, email, print and save. I can't imagine it being easier with another program.I had considered buying a backup battery immediately but have decided to wait and see if needed. I have used this camera quite alot in 7 days and the battery shows full powere after only that initial 2 hr charge.BUY A OLYMPUS 512 MB XD PICTURECARDi got mine a couple of days before the camera arrived and boy am I glad. Yesterday I went to a party, a house full of one year olds and their mothers. I then discovered it is hard to take a bad picture with this camera. I came home with 78 pictures and those did not include obvious trash (ie blurry or child half out of picture) It loads quickly, focuses quickly, flash cycles instantaneously which are all important as one year olds do not hold still for anyone especially mama. I forgot to use the flash (one button pop-up) and it compensated very well for low light.  better than my 35mm would have when subject is backlit.I am looking forward to using and exploring the more complex options of this high powered toy. I still have about 240 pictures I can take on this card without deleting any.Closing thoughts: I think this camera is competitive with the SLR models selling for a couple to several hundred more dollars and is more convenient. You don't immediately need a backup battery but I would get a 512 mb olympus xd card (only olympus cards allow you to use panoramic function)