I have been using point and shoot super-zooms in the past like Canon s2IS, Fz28, Fz35. The image quality became more and more important to me especially with the increase of mega-pixels since image noise is more evident. My Pentax DSLR is very different in positive and negative ways. On the positive side I am thrilled about the responsiveness of this camera and i realized that I've been missing this on the point and shoots especially when it comes to flash recharge time or shot to shot lag. The KX is exceptional in every aspect such as auto focus, shutter lag and continuous shooting. The HD video is a bonus but is a bit awkward to use since the zooming is not very smooth and you have to focus manually. The jelly  effect is also evident. I'd love to have a dedicated movie button tho. On the negative side to me compared to my older super-zooms is the fact that you have to change the lenses to suit your shooting situation. I still have to get used to it. I know there are super zoom lenses like the Tamron 18-270 but indoors they are not very fast. I guess that also goes for the 18-55 kit lens. The 18-55 and 50-200 kit lenses really produce good quality images. They are the sharpest between f 5.6 and f9 to my experience. The shutter sound is a bit on the loud side, I can no longer take silent images but it's a matter of getting used to it. The size of the camera does not bother me, I think it's decent for an APS-C sized sensor DSLR. I know some are not happy with the fact that the KX uses AA batteries but I can say that stick with Eneloops and they'll do a very good job. I probably shot between 400-600 images on one charge. The good thing about them is that they don't lose their charge as ordinary NiMh rechargeable. The camera does not come with video cable so if you are planning to play your images and videos on the TV you'll have to purchase one separately. Overall it's very exciting to learn about DSLR's, the image quality is exceptional, my FZ35 on ISO 400 was producing the noise level of ISO 3200 of the KX. This is not to make the FZ35 look bad, as a point and shoot is the best you can get in my opinion, I'm just trying to illustrate the difference between the image quality due to the sensor size. This camera is great to start with since is more beginner friendly with scene mode shooting options and a pretty good Auto mode. As far as the purchase, Amazon is excellent as far as the quality of customer service and order processing time. So far I had the best experience with online shopping with Amazon. 5 star rating!