This is my first DSLR purchase since I was tired of the limitations of most P&S; cameras - slow and poor in low level lighting.  My Canon 3mp from 2002 made excellent prints up to 8x10 and had manual features but was bound to break or wear out - it did.Image quality, handling, build quality, etc all good as mentioned in the 5 star reviews.  I bought this when the price finally hit my buy point (under $500) with one of those pre Christmas coupons (they needed to move the white and red models).  At the $600 price level I was going to wait for the next version.  Got it and am happy with it for the price.My main interest in this camera (color option was not of much concern) was to be able to reuse some manual focus aperture priority lens that I used with my 70s model Pentax ME film camera.  They work and make awesome pictures but the camera does not read the manually set aperture selection as on the ME - does not get recorded with the picture and you have to look at the lens (or get good counting clicks) to know your setting.  The manual focus was easier to view on the ME but at least you can use the live view zoom focus or listen for beeping or look for the focus indicator.  It will set the shutter for you if in auto mode or P or A mode just like the ME but with the auto ISO selection to further fine tune the picture.HD movie mode was also of interest but assumed it would be secondary - it is.  Even with shake reduction off, it still records every tiny noise the camera makes.  The mic is very sensitive.  It will come in handy from time to time but would not base a purchase on that feature.Some people complain of the autofocus point not being visible in the viewfinder - I tend to use point focus and am still experimenting with auto exposure options.  Not quite excellent but can't really complain - yet.The Kx buttons I guess are typical for a DSLR and are so nice to have compared to most P&S.;  The Green button looks like it will come in handy once I get used to having it - quick reset of some overrides.The auto mode makes this DSLR handle like a P&S; only faster.  The autofocus in low light tends to search a bit more than my Canon P&S; especially in low light but manual override is easy.  Once in auto, I could hand this camera to most anyone to take decent pictures.I recommend to get this camera at a lower price (<$500) or wait for the next version.  If you are not planning to use more lenses than this kit lens you probably will be better off with the newer Canon or Panasonic "low light" P&S; cameras currently priced around $400 or less.