This camera purchase was a 'all the planets aligned' moment for me. I needed a camera that could fulfill all of the following requirements:* Act as a baby monitor and see at night clearly.* Allow monitoring of sound.* Pivot/Tilt* Be accessible via the web (with public DynDns.tv account)* Be accessible on a Droid X and a hacked/rooted Nook Color* Cost around $150* Be compatible with OSX as well as WindowsI honestly don't think there is another camera on the market right now for this price point that meets all of the above requirements. It was a little bit of a bear to set up (took me roughly 4.5 hours from start to finish). I am definitely a tech-savvy individual but I had never really played with router settings, port forwarding, public dyns routing and the like before, so this was a somewhat new experience for me.Being an OSX guy I wanted to make sure this camera could be administered through Safari, Chrome, or Firefox. Good news is it can, bad news is that audio is a no go.  This wasn't a big deal to me because THANKFULLY Tiny IP (an app on the android market) does indeed support audio for this camera!  I access this camera more through mobile devices than my computer so this was a win-win situation for me.A few pointers to hopefully save you some frustration as you set up (these are all things I ran into and had to troubleshoot):* Follow the instructions in the box setup the camera... don't worry about installing their SecureView software- you can use whatever you want to manage this later on.  You really just need to get the camera configured and running on your wifi network first.  Once you've made it that far you can then focus on the finer points.* Research port forwarding for your router. You'll need to forward the appropriate ports to the camera in order to allow it access.  It's worth noting here that the default port is 80 for this camera.  HUGE POINT HERE- some ISP's (your internet service provider) block forwarding on this port because its a major web port.  You will have NO WAY of knowing this.  Even if you set everything else up correctly, if your ISP blocks that port, you'll be left scratching your head wondering why it doesn't work. My suggestion is to change the port in the camera settings so that it uses something else, I used 8001.  This will save you a lot of trouble in the long run.* Be sure to enable audio in the camera settings, otherwise you won't be able to get any audio out on the app.* Highly recommend Tiny Cam for Android users- it works PERFECTLY with this camera!  PVT controls all work and audio works.If you respond to this message I will try to help if I can with your setup situation... just one tech guy figuring this out myself, so happy to help where I can.