I recently purchased this Kodak LS743 camera after purchasing 2 other digital cameras and returning them. I started with the Nikon CoolPix 3100 which was a 3-megapixel for $179. I took it to the zoo and took some really good pictures, but wasn't entirely pleased with the zoom quality and it had a purplish tinge to the prints so I decided to try a higher megapixel camera. I found the Gateway D510 which was a 5-megapixel for only $199. I was excited to try it out. I was extremely disappointed. The print quality was worse than my old Olympus 2-megapixel and the camera got so hot in my hand while taking just a few pictures and even just reviewing the pix. I took it back the next day and had an extremely difficult time trying to find a good camera.I really wanted the digital camera to take action photos of my son and pets at home. Since I didn't want to make another mistake purchasing a bad camera and having to pay a 15% restocking fee, I took my time playing around with all the cameras at the store. I had the camera associate move around so I could practice taking shots using the sport/action mode. I tested a few Fujis and also a few Canons and they were blurry. I tested the Kodaks and they came out great! I didn't want to pay too much for the camera (I paid $299), but I didn't want to risk buying another cheap one, so I bought the LS743. Right out of the box, it was so easy to use! It did not come with a SecureDigital card, but lucklily I had bought one for the Gateway camera.I practiced taking action shots on the way home by pointing the camera out the window while I was driving and randomly taking pictures. I reveiwd them later and was amazed at the quality. Homes in the background were super crisp and the detail on the cars which were moving at over 30mph were as if they were not moving at all. I couldn't believe it! Little did I know that this camera also has video with audio capability with no time limit (only limited to your SD card memory). The quality of the video is as good as my digital camcorder if not better! I am so happy I went with Kodak.This camera is nicely sized and takes great pix! The ONLY flaw I have found so far is taking pictures in low light - the LCD display is very dark and I can't seem to adjust the brightness. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting an easy-to-use point-and-shoot digital camera with great picture quality. The camera also comes with Kodak software which lets you create digital photo albums and burn them to CDs as slide shows.