This is my first digital camera. I know there are hundreds of digital cameras for sale but I settled on this one from a beginners point of view. My budget was limited, my knowledge of digital photography was limited, and my experience with Kodak has always been pleasant. I've not been disappointed with this camera. I bought it with the intentions of taking vacation photos and snapshots. It does the job well.If you don't plan to make enlargements, only print standard sized photos, this 2MP camera is great. You will need lots of batteries though and a battery charger. Also plan on buying an extra memory card or two if you plan to take lots of photos. The internal memory is only equal to "one roll of film".I recommend that you purchase a supply of rechargeable batteries and a battery charger. These digital cameras eat batteries at a alarming pace. You will want at least eight batteries. I took pictures in the daytime during vacation and charged up the batteries each evening. Don't leave the display screen on any more than you have to. It wastes the battery power in no time.Also you will want to buy extra memory for this camera. The 32MB internal memory was really not sufficient enough for my use. I bought a 256MB SD memory card and even at the highest resolution I can now get 10 times the number of pictures as before.The Easyshare software is easy to use but it's sort of hoggish unless you have tons of space on your computer's hard drive. I loaded the software and then realized that I already had everything "I" needed on my computer so promptly deleted the Kodak Easyshare software. You may want to keep it running. It has lots of nice features. I just didn't need all it's 'bells and whistles'. My camera came with an older Easyshare software version. If yours does that too you can always download the latest version from the Kodak.com web site. The instruction booklet is small but it contains tons of information. Read it. Those few buttons on the back of the camera are misleading. They are all multi-functional. I wish they'd included a wallet sized "cheat card". I made one for myself to tuck into my pocket. My memory needs an upgrade too, ha!You can download your pictures directly from the camera into your computer. It's really painless. I haven't tried printing pictures yet from a Kodak kiosk so I can't comment on that. I've only printed some on my printer and sent some as email attachments.So far I've been very pleased with the camera. It's wonderful not to have to buy film all the time. I love being able to take a picture, load it onto my hard drive and email it right away. No more waiting for the film to be developed. No more waiting extra days for the photo lab to put my pictures on disk or CD.