Compact so it fits in you pocket, high tech enough to dance with it's bigger counterparts. This little camera does it all. I comparison shopped for several weeks comparing and contrasting multiple cameras from cannon, kodak, hp, sony, panasonic, and olympus, and none had features like this, a small size, and in this price range. I bought the stylus 710 soley because I had a good coupon. This was my first choice, but I settled for second due to the pocketbook, but I am not dissappointed.8 megapixels, digital image stabilization (only it and the  stulus 710, and a solo panasonic have this at $300), 2.5 inch lcd viewing screen (higher resolution than 710), and a low price for me of $299 dollars (most chains stores clearence price). OH, DID I MENTION EXCELLENT PICTURES. I have played with this for several days now editing the photos, paling with the on-board and the computer imaging package, and I see nothing wrong with this camera for an everyday average user like me. And with it's weather resistence, nice for a clumsy average user like me. This is well worth the investment, saving your families memories in a fit and proper manner. There are so many bells and whistles, you will have to look at the Olympus website to see the power of this package.I also highly recommend the Stylus 710 (if you have less money like me). It is on sale at most chain stores at this time. Slower shutter speed, less on board memory (19.1 vs 29.1), lower pixel view screen, but gains 3 photo settings.  It is still 7.1 megapixel, so you only loose one size photo shot (something like a 16 x 19), but I would likely never use that size photo.  Also the battery life is very adequate, about 120 photos or more, with slide shows, editing ect... You will enjoy your olympus purchase.Also, the Olympus Mastersoftware is very easy to use, And with panoramic feature, 3d, and Extra ART Features unlocked by Olympus Brand-Olympus Stamped Type H HD, this camera becomes even more of a pleasure to own.  you can edit photos on the computer, or right in the palm of your hand.  Both ways, this camera will make you feel like a pro in no time.