I got this camera a few months ago along with a 512meg flash card. It has been a wonderful camera. The flash card it comes with is a bit weak, but thats to be expected. Get a 128meg or 256meg card. I got a 512, but its way more than most people could use. I rarely fill it up, and I take the highest quality pics I can.I use the camera to take pictures of things I build, modifications to my computer, and stuff like that most of the time. It gives me very nice, very sharp pictures that look great.I also take some picture of my 6 and 12 year old cousins when I visit my grandparents. The small videos you can take aren't amazing, but they do let me remember some nice things.My cousins loved to let me take short videos of them. The built in speaker on this model is great for replaying the video when you are out somewhere.One thing that this camera has the the lower PowerShots don't have, is a 10x zoom on camera after you take pictures. On the little LCD screen I can zoom in very close to make sure I got exact details focused and everything. This works wonderfully. I used my dads old S100 and it doesnt do this, and it was annoying to use after I used this camera.The size and feel of the camera is great. This was one of my major reasons for buying it, after its wonderful image quality and options. The one problem I had was finding a good case for it that was very small and light, and didn't stock me from taking it out quickly. Any cases I found to buy for it were to large.I have had no problems with the software or anything. The battery life is also great. I thought it wouldn't be to wonderful, but I have never ran out of batteries at a critical time. Although I do wish the camera could warn you when you are about to loose battery power much eariler. If you act quickly you might be able to upload the pics to your computer, but not normally. A battery meter would help a lot..I do suggest getting a second battery if you plan to use it for long periods of time.This camera may not be the best for everyone, but for someone who needs nice quality pictures (but not the best), in a nice looking, easily caried form, this works great.I have never seen another camera that looks and feels so nice. Its just gives it that high tech feel that impresses everyone when they see it.