This camera has features that are absolutely unheard of in its price range.  It has full auto controls, full manual controls (i.e. Shutter-speed priority, Aperture priority, and manual focus), as well as a dozen or so photo effects.  They use the same DIGIC processor and AiAF system (5-point) as higher end models, so pictures come out very crisp and clear.  Night shots are great as well, thanks to the AF-assist lamp, which is not a standard in other brands.  One minor problem with night pictures is the red-eye effect, even with the red-eye reduction mode.  This is somewhat expected, seeing how close together the lens and the flash is.  However, this can be easily corrected with the included software package.Another deciding factor for me is their use of standard AA batteries instead of a proprietary battery pack, which can be fairly expensive.  In a cram, I can just run to the store and grab batteries off a shelf, or have another set of NiMH rechargeables handy.  I also love the body size.  I was considering buying a Canon S230, which is one of the smallest digicams out there.  However, the ELPH series do not have any manual controls, the flash is weak, has a lower power zoom (2x as oppose to 3x), and they use a proprietary battery pack.  The A70 is only slightly large than the ELPH.  I actually like the size and the right hand grip on the A70, which gives you better control and balance of the camera.The A70 is a very quick camera.  It takes about 2.5 seconds for the camera to power up and be ready to go.  Focus takes about a second, and you only have to wait about 1.5 seconds in between pictures.  In playback mode, it takes a little bit over a second to go between pictures in high res mode.  There is a lot of information displayed for each picture, with the exception of a histogram.  However, once the pictures are downloaded to the computer, you will have access to the histogram.Other bonuses that I like about the A70 is the Stitch Assistant mode, which helps you make great panoramic shots.  It also has a video capture mode (up to 3 min) as well as audio memos that you can add to each picture taken.  This camera also supports some direct printing to some printers.All in all, this is a great camera for a great price!  The pictures turn out great, even for a novice.  And for the adventurous, there are plenty of manual controls to play with.  There is no other camera in this price range that has all these features, combined with the great optics known for in Canon cameras.