First let me tell you what to buy with the camera. 1) the UR- E20 adapter tube. You can leave it on all the time as protection and for extra finger grip, I do. It weighs next to nothing 2) the wide angle converter lens, also very small gizmo, another hundred dollars but gives you a wide view of 24mm equivalent and the menu option allows the camera to correct some barrel distortion inherent in this type optic.Works pretty darn good except at extreme edges 3)Nikon's SB400 flash,which is a marvel. Small,light,dedicated to the system and has a swivel flash tube up front for bounce,unusual in anything this small and two celled. Flash uses two AA size standard power and delivers a lot more than the built in body flash pintsize runt,rechargeables are better natch. And if you get the flash you prolong the camera batter,a nice bonus and less less redeye4) a spare Li-Ion battery by Nikon another mere 20 bucks or so.Fast 2 hour charge will do it. Now this whole kit and kaboodle will run the tab up a bit more than you expected,but you will get shots that are equal or better than a heavy SLR with a heavy zoom lens.I do not joke. The camera's Program mode is one of the better ones out there. Meaning I trust it a lot.Some professional reviewers tend to poke away at this camera's lack of zip to them, and forget it is powered by a minute size battery,about the size of a slice of cheddar on a buffet table:-). It can't do burst shots and start up in a microsecond, true. They are not accepting it for what it delivers at this price. What else is out there but heavier and pricier in this category I mean.The lens will not open as wide at tele end as an indoor shooter would want without flash, and is not the speediest performer out there overall. BUT FAST ENOUGH if you pre- focus, and why not prefocus I say...it tells you that the lens has found its target. Nikon has done a good job on this product and you just can't go wrong at the price. I am really falling for this little fellow as a grab and go item. The LCD is hard to see outdoors except for the histogram playback. Indoors it is a delight to see. You may also want to pick up a wrist lanyard vs the neck strap which comes with it. Your preference.Battery delivers plenty juice for a day of reasonable shooting even with LCD viewing. When I go next trip to the Serengeti ,well, I take a generator and power inverter (:-), or maybe just a car battery adapter.  I carry all this kit,if you are interested, in one half of a Mountainsmith Aurora II Camera Bum Bag/ Lumbar Pack with room for trail mix and cellphone..Why schlep heavy stuff on a vacation? Enjoy.