The A700 is Sony's declaration that they can play in the big leagues (as they showed us with the A900).Even though it may be a year and a few months old, this camera enjoys the benefits of the recent launch of firmware version 4 which enhances the noise reduction in both JPEG and RAW among other things. It practically reinvogorated this camera.It's 12.24 megapixels will work well for large prints (although if you're gonna print wall size, you're better off with the A900).This camera is fast, responsive, easy to use and highly customizable. You can chose from a variety of options to make your photography faster and more enjoyable with this camera.It may be heavy for some people, but thats due to the magnesium casing which protects the inside. This camera is meant for hard work and serious business.For those people who used Minolta SLRs and still keep their lenses, they can use them on this camera, since the Alpha DSLR line benefits of the A-mount that Minolta and KonicaMinolta cameras used.It doesnt have live view, if you need it, you should get the A300/350.This camera however, shares one feature along with its A100/900 sisters, the Depth Of Field button, which in few words, closes down the lens to the selected aperture so you can see how sharp the image will be. This is a VERY important tool to have if you care about composition and want absolute control of how your pictures will come out.Don't be thrown off by the fact this is the oldest camera in the range right now, if you really want and need all the features this camera has to offer, get it, the replacement model for this camera wont be arriving before Fall 2009, thats a lot of time to wait and you will miss a lot of shots during that time. At the prices this camera has right now, its a great deal. You wont regret getting this camera.The great advantage of this kit is that it comes with a 18-200mm f/3.5-6.3 zoom lens. You will read a lot of negative reviews about this lens, about how unsharp it is, how this, how that. Dont pay attention to it. If you're on a budget and you need this camera and a decent lens to start with, get it. The unsharpness issues you can correct by setting the camera's sharpness levels. Besides, its the photographer that makes the picture, not the lens. Having an expensive lens wont make you take better pictures.Ive shot a lot of photos with this camera and lens and Im extremely happy so far. This lens may not be exactly a fast lens, but its a great lens to begin using a DSLR.The A700 gives you a great value for your money, lots of options and excellent results at an affordable price.Don't hesitate, if you want/need this camera, get it. You wont be disappointed.