I've been looking for a long time for a point and shoot that does everything I want it to do, and do it well. The F70EXR has met my desires. Is it a 100% perfect? No, but it's superior to most of my other cameras in what it can do, other than it's weak video. My first thought on taking it out of the box was thank goodness they got rid of the strange USB/video combo cable that came with the F200EXR. The F70 uses a standard mini USB cable, and separate AV cable. The camera itself has an all metal body, and feels well made. Size wise, it is the smallest 10X zoom on the market. It's pretty much the same size as the F200EXR which only has a 5X zoom. All controls are well laid out, and the menus are easy to navigate. The 2.7" screen is excellent. It's bright and easy to see even in sunlight. After charging the camera up, I ventured out and took about 100 test pictures under various conditions and settings. All in all, the camera performed exceptionally in most areas. There are some minor issues with camera choosing a higher than needed ISO in low lighting using auto mode, but it's not a big deal. Also, some shots came out better by lowering the exposure setting a notch or two. Video is fair at best. It's basic VGA. Nothing more. Nothing less. The battery still shows a full charge after all the testing, so at the least battery life is good. All in all, this is an almost a perfect point and shoot. 10X Zoom. Wide Angle Lens. Manual controls. Well Built. Small size. Excellent results. The only negatives are its mediocre VGA video, and its Image Stabilization is "fair". As is the case with the F200EXR, the F70EXR gives better results when "EXR Auto" mode is avoided.  The Fuji F70EXR is a keeper, and I recommend it.Pros:Great results under most conditions.Less noise than most cameras at higher ISO.Wide angle lens w/ 10X Zoom.Excellent 2.7" screen.Well designed and built.Manual controls.Small size.Cons:Image Stabilization is fair.No HD Video. Basic VGA Video.Camera sometimes chooses higher ISO than needed indoors.