Finding a digital camera in the under $200 range is not easy. After doing a bit of research, I finally purchased the Samsung 240. It takes only two double "A" batteries, keeping the unit light and compact; easy to fit in a coat-pocket or bag. Do not make the mistake however of trying to use standard batteries with digital cameras. Buy a set of rechargeables and an AC adaptor for home computer hook-up. One set of NiMh batteries easily lasted me through eighty-two photos and seven avi files on a a busy birthday weekend.  If you are familiar with the use of computer, electronics, and cell phone menus so prevalent with today's devices you'll have no problem with the screens and menus (though the screen is hard to see in brilliant daylight). If, however you are not comfortable with electronic devices ask a friend who is, to walk you through the menus as the manual is cumbersome and stiffly worded. The software that comes with the camera is passable, but most computers have something that will allow you to manage your photos more readily.  A memory card is a must, but in a pinch, the on-board memory is fine for ten or so shots at medium quality resolution. There are three photo qualities available. The middle resolution is fine for just about everything. I have even been able to take shots of architectural drawings and e-mail then to contractors for review within the span of a few minutes. 2.0 pixels is more than adequate for most applications. The avi movie files are a fun addition, reminiscent of old 8mm footage, but great for catching the sense of space in a landscape or two children playing in a treehouse. And like 8mm there is no sound.  Some points for improvement: A built-in lense cover would have been nice. The rubber AC adaptor-cover needs to be pressed firmly in place to make a good seal (difficult if you have poor dexterity in your hands). Flash recharge is a bit slow, about  three to four seconds which doesn't sound like much until you have all the grandchildren lined up for a group shot. :)  All in all a nice camera to take you into the world of digital photography and at a price that won't make you worry about taking it everywhere with you!