Prior to this I owned the BL-C131A Panasonic wireless cam, which worked great for 2 years, then suddenly didn't work wirelessly anymore.  I decided to try the Trendnet TV-IP422W because of the very good reviews I read and also the fact that it has night vision and 2-way audio.  Neither of these features were offered on the Panasonic.The IP422W is a little difficult to set up.  As with most products these days, the owners manual is a bit lacking.  Luckily I had the experience with the Panasonic camera and wireless set up was very similar.  Additionally, one  of the prior reviews for this cam gave very good instruction on setting up wireless connection using static ip, which is what I had to do(Verizon FIOS router).The image is very good with the IP422W, and the night vision in a completely dark room is amazing.  Everything is black and white in night vision mode, but still amazing.  The ONLY problem with the night mode is that you can't turn it off.  When the light level drops to a certain point, the IP422W uses it's night imagery and sometimes it slightly obscures visibility in a room with weak lighting.  This is not a problem most of the time, but it would be great if the night mode had an on/off switch.Another nice feature is the 330 degree rotation.  The Panasonic cam could only do about 180 degrees.  And the 2-way audio works well (you need to connect computer speakers to the IP422W), but you must click on and off the talk and listen button so you and the person on the other end don't get the delayed feedback.  I don't think this is a major issue either, but something to point out.  One other thing the Panasonic cam had but not the IP422W is a DISABLE button on the front of cam that you could turn off at night for privacy, and turn ON remotely if you are administrator.  This camera can only be turned off by unplugging it.Overall I am very happy with this cam, but I think the low light images are better on the Panasonic cam, and microphone on IP422W is not as sensitive as the Panasonic cam.  I used to be able to hear someone leaving a message on my answering machine at home, and clearly hear the song on the radio in the background at home as well.  Now I can hear something, but cannot decipher a phone message or identify song now.  If someone is speaking, however, that is always clear enough to understand.  For the money ($199), I think this is a very good wireless IP cam.