I usually own at least two digital cameras, one DSLR and a smaller one that I can carry around. Currently, I have a Nikon D200 and a little Casio 7 mp Exilim. I like the Exilim because it's small enough for a pocket, but the picture quality is only so-so.After reading the positive reviews of the Coolpix P5100 here, I decided to buy the P5100 to replace the Casio.Picking up the camera for the first time was a joy. The camera just feels right in my hands and doesn't feel cheap (the body is magnesium alloy, not plastic).The P5100's exposures were spot on, alhtough there tends to be some clipping of the highlights and shadows. The colors are very accurate.If you are a beginner who doesn't want to get involved with post-processing, this camera is probably not for you. Nikon has decided to do minimal in-camera adjustment to the images, which can be a good thing if you know your way around Photoshop and don't mind working on the images on your computer. Some other cameras boost sharpness in-camera. You can set the P5100 to increase the sharpness, but at the normal setting, you may find yourself increasing the sharpness with Adobe Bridge or Photoshop.I don't agree with the reviewer here who complained about the video. The video is as good as any digital SLR that I've used. It won't give you the same results as using a digital video camera, but no camera does. The only problem with the video is that the sound ends about a half-second before the image does, so you're left with a silent bit and the end. This isn't a big deal to me. If I want high quality video, I'll use my video camera. In 15 years, think I used a still camera to take video exactly once.Regarding reviews complaining about shutter lag and focus time; yes, there is some shutter lag, but not enough to make it a problem for me. Same thing with focus. This isn't a camera to use to take action shots at sporting events. If that's what you're looking for, spend the cash to get a good DSLR.Another great feature is the hot shoe. I don't think there are other point and shoot cameras that allow you to use an external dedicated flash. I can use my Nikon SB-600 flash on this little camera. How great is that? The built-in flash works really well, too.The menus are a little bit confusing and not as intuitive as I would have preferred.If the P5100 did RAW, I would have given it 5 stars, because some other cameras in its class allow you to shoot RAW. Still, for the price, this is a sweet little camera that should fit the bill as a grab and go for times when you don't want to lug around a DSLR and a host of lenses.