This is my first 'real' camera. I've owned it for about 7 months and in that time I have used it only a handful of times. It was mainly bought just to have a good one around the house other than the camera on my phone. Without re-hashing what has been said in these reviews a million times, this unit is of extremely sound build quality and feels very solid in your hands. The video recording in this unit is so good that it can almost pass for a dedicated camcorder. The video quality is there, the optical zoom while recording is there and the AVCHD format is easier to work with than I thought. I have not edited any of its video but was able to upload an unconverted clip directly to Youtube and VLC player plays back the format effortlessly.I am not an expert when it comes to judging still image quality but pictures taken seem to be very crisp and clear throughout the image in well lit environments. Pics taken in darker surroundings, to me, are not as clear as there is some degree of bluriness that occurs when zooming into the picture. Also, the flash does not seem capable of properly illuminating a dark scene when viewing your results on the camera itself. Transferring it to a PC for proper viewing yields better results but still has room for improvement.I found that the menu was a bit different to other cameras I used (ive used many but owned none before) and it took a few tries to get fully accustomed to the menu navigation but once that was out of the way, I was able to make my way around the camera very quickly and easily. The buttons are pretty well placed, however, the record button is a bit awkwardly placed and there is no way to preview video settings before starting to shoot.The included battery seems to be capable of shooting 1.5 to 2 hours of video but I bought another higher capacity battery (1200mAh) as a backup for quick changeover should the need arise.One issue I had with video recording though was that when using high quality mode, the recording would stop after a few seconds indicating that the memory card cannot keep up. I bought a 16gb Transcend class 6 memory card which sorted that problem immediately.All in all, this is a VERY good all round camera. After much research, I found that the Lumix ZS3 offered the most features in the most compact, pocket sized enclosure. Image quality is great and video is amazing. The price has dropped a great deal since I bought mine making this an even better value.