This was my second digital camera I've ever used.  My first was a Samsung SDC-80, which was a bit of a disspointment, yet there were still some good uses for if used correctly.  Almost the same applies to the DSC-P51 in my opinion. The first 10 shots I took appeared fuzzy, mainly because I couldn't feel the "half-clicks" as there are in most other Point-and-Shoot cameras. Later, I found out where the "half-click" point was, and from then on, I got amazingly good focus.The twilight mode is ok. It requires a second or two's worth of time to acquire and capture the images though, so you better have a tripod or really steady hands if you don't want blurry pictures.  The camera seems excessively sensitive to light sources than most other cameras I've used, and the entire picture will go dark if there's any "sunny spot" or other bright spots on the picture.  In general, if done right, you get perfect pictures.  If there's a slight error, you might end up with a dark or blurry picture.The worst thing about the camera is the JPEG compression.  Of course I don't expect it to save in TIFF or uncompressed mode (1600x1200x24bit = 5.49MB/shot) on ... Memory Sticks, but none of the pictures look "picture perfect" at 100% view due to the artifacts from JPEG compression.  Hence why I have to either resize my pictures to 1024x768 or crop to 1500x1200 and reduce to 1280x1024 for my 17" monitor.  A pain that I will always have to put up with, but ok for those who just want to print on photo media.All that aside, this is a really good 2MP camera for the price it goes for. It's loaded with features that I haven't even gotten around to using yet, and with 3 hours of battery time, I'm loving it.  I'd recommend the camera to anyone who is a veteran of digital photography and know how digital cameras work.  Even if you're not, it's an ok camera to start out with, but don't expect to get good pictures first try - takes a lot of practice.  But after you get the hang of it, the camera is definitely worth the money.