I got the white and black edition of this camera, and I really love the stylish look of it. Wben I first opened the package though, I was a bit taken aback by the small size of this camera. It's hardly bigger than the palm of my hand. I guess, I had been so used to my old camera(and I mean really old), that this Fujifilm camera seemed tiny in comparison. I have gotten used to it now, and I love the fact that it's small enough to fit in your jeans pocket. However, I would suggest a nice case for the camera, just because it seems a bit fragile.There is no seperate viewer on this camera, it only has the large 2.7" LCD display which is all I ever use anyway. You have the ability to take 10MP pictures, but if you don't need that many megapixels (say, if you don't really want to enlarge your pics a lot) you have the option to set the megapixels from anywhere between 2MP's -10MP's. I really like that option because taking all your pictures with 10 megapixels does take up a lot of space on your computer or SD card. Also, you can make longer videos than the stated 60seconds when you reduce the megapixels.Another thing I would like to mention is that this camera included a battery and battery charger. For some reason I couldn't find any information about that on the product page when I placed my order, and thus I bought another battery and charger. This might be obvious to some people but it wasn't to me so I thought I'd mention it here. The picture quality seems pretty good so far, especially when you have plenty of light. The flash isn't great and pictures of distant objects in a darker room do not come out very well. Overall, I think it's a great buy and I would highly recommend it.UPDATE: After taking this camera on a little trip and taking plenty of pictures I just wanted to add some more information. I actually had to remove two stars from my original rating because all of the pictures that I took inside or in areas without a lot of bright light came out grainy, blurry and with very dull colors. I was pretty disappointed about that. The only time the pictures came out right was when I was taking them outside with plenty of bright sunshine. This is not what I was expecting at all and I can't really recommend this camera anymore.