Summary - the most camera I could find for [the price] in a small hanld held size. Lots of useful features. I am very satisfied with it as an artist tool. For landscapes less lens would be too far away, for blow up pics, less mega-pixels would be to grainy.The Good.Unlike film cameras, this camera produces all hues of the color wheel correctly. It also records a larger range of darks and lights. As an artist I have paid for professional studio shots of my watercolor paintings that are not as good as this camera. These qualities are mostly a function of digital vs. film camera. All camera films have color bias and less value range than what a painting can have. However, even among digital cameras there can be some color bias, this one has perfect balance. Also it can see into shadow areas revealing details better than most film cameras. With 3 meg Pixels it produces 4x6 inch pictures at 340 pdi on a printer, very sharp.  Posters and magazine are printed at 150 dpi for this camera that would be about a 8x10 print, they still look better.It has an amazing macro lens with a tulip icon. I took very close and very sharp pictures of tulips with it. Other subjests may work well, I don't know yet.  It is packed with lots options like White Balance for cloudy days, very helpfull in Seatle.  Other good features are manual focus, noise reduction, and  in low contrst situations  when the autofocus feature is confused it sends out a a flash to see the subject and get a fix, all cameras should have this feature. The not so good.Some low contrast areas have speckles in them at about the grainness level of ISO 400 film.  This is very slight and most people will not notice.  It also may be a factor of the "PaintShop Pro" software translation to the HP 1220 printer, because this graininess does not show up on the monitor.Even with 3x optical zoom distant objects like Mt. Rainier show up at about 90 percent of their actual size, though this is  pretty good at this price.  Note 3x optical zoom cameras are not all alike.  I depends on 3 times what size you start with.  A Kodak 3x camera gives a much shaller or distant picture. It comes with out a camera case and a slow battery charger, 13 hrs. But Sony gives you a $20 coupon towards buying a kit with a case, batteries and a fast charger 2hrs. for $40.  You really want to have spare battieries and a charger that recharge them as fast as you can use them up.