I purchased the master system that included an indoor camera, and also purchased an additional outdoor camera.The system works, and was fairly simple to install, but I do have a few complaints.First, although this is a wireless system the camera's do need to be plugged into a power outlet. This was easy for the indoor camera, but a bit more complicated for the outdoor camera. I did have an outdoor power outlet near the location I wanted to place the outdoor camera, however when plugged into this outlet the camera would only get a bad connection, or no connection. (Remember these camera's use your housed electrical wiring to make their connection to your PC). To make a long story short, I had to run an extension cord from an outlet inside my house to the outdoor camera. Not ideal, and it still only gets a "poor connection". This seems to cause about a 1 minute lag between something moving in front of the camera, and it actually being viewed at the PC.My second problem is while researching this system, I read one of the benefits was that if you sign up for the "platinum" service, your video can be stored on the WiLife server. I thought this was great, because if thieves break in and steal your computer, you will still have the video that is stored online. Well no, the video can be stored online, but you have to manually upload it. This does no good if your computer is stolen,as obviously you have no video to upload. I was quite dissappointed with this, especially after having spent the extra $80.00 to sign up for the platinum service.Finally, my last problem is that there is not really a separate "recording and alerting" schedule for each camera as advertised. There is only one schedule for all camera's. There are options to turn off some camera's during a scheduled event and so forth, but I could not really set up the recording and alerting schedule that I actually wanted, as I would have been able to do if there were actually completely different schedulers for each camera.Other than those things the system seems to work fine. The picture quality is good, the email and text alerts are nice.Not a bad system, but I may have done a bit more looking if I'd known all that I know now.