Pros:- small camera that fits easily into a pocket.  A true go anywhere camera- love the intelligent auto mode.  Don't even have to tell it I want to shoot in macro mode, it figures it out and switches automatically.  Same with portraits.- Very good quality images for a 16MP point and shoot even at full size magnification.Cons:- as other have noted the battery could last longer.  It's a 600MaH battery and an extra one from Panasonic is $30-$50.  Fortunately if you search Amazon for "Wasabi Power Battery for Panasonic NCA-YN101G " you will find a replacement with twice the capacity for around $10.  Why buy an extra Panasonic battery when for ten bucks that one battery will last as long 2 Panasonics?  Older reviews indicate there are no 3rd party batteries that will work in this camera, but that is not true any longer.- It's a 16MP camera with a tiny image sensor so at full magnification there is a lack of sharpness that is very noticeable (at full magnification of the image) when shooting in less than ideal conditions.  This isn't the fault of this camera, every point and shoot camera has a tiny image sensor and 16mp is too high for those sensors to record every pixel accurately.  In ideal, outdoor conditions and in some cases with the flash close up they look very good though.  For those who will never print at larger than 10x14 or only display at greatly reduced resolutions (such as on monitor or HD TV) this is a non issue.  Do not think reducing from 16MP to 10MP (this camera allows this) will change the lack of clarity at full magnification as it can't.  It's still the same sized image sensor, just not using all of the area.  If you want a camera for large prints, choose lower MP in point and shoot or go DSLR for it's larger image sensors.  I will note that the lack of clarity at full magnification is proportional to how far away the subject is.  For macro shots I am incredibly impressed.  Those are very clear even at full magnification.In between Pro and Con:- the 720P video mode is OK.  The sound is what you would expect, wind noise will be a problem outdoors and voices from far away will sound 'off'.  Same as any video from any camera with an internal mic.  The video quality itself seems fair.  About what I would expect from a camera with a video mode.Overall:Nice little camera for the price.  Nothing about it is revolutionary, but nothing is awful about it either.  The intelligent auto mode is quite slick and a feature I will look for from now on with any point and shoot I consider.