I've owned only Canon brand cameras for the past 10 years or so.  I was looking to upgrade my SD880IS to something with HD video capture and a longer optical zoom than the typical 3-4x found in the Canon slim cameras.  I decided to give the Nikon S8000 a try.  Results are definitely mixed.  The most important feature of any camera is its ability to capture great still images, and the S8000 is absolutely superb in this respect.  At full 10x optical zoom, it captures breathtaking images.  Very few slim cameras offer this level of optical zoom, one of the main features I was seeking.  Unfortunately, the HD video capture doesn't enjoy the same success.  I found that an annoying high frequency whistle accompanies all video recording when playing back on my computer, something I never encountered with my Canon products.  Some might describe what I'm hearing as a tinniness to the sound.  In order to use video captures from this camera, I'll have to post-process the video to filter out the frequency of the whistle sound.  Also, the HD video didn't seem smooth, and it kind of had the effect of being captured at a slower fps rate.  A design issue I found with the S8000 was that the pop-up flash is inconveniently placed.  Often when the camera needed to engage the flash, my left pointer finger was resting on top and prevented the flash from lifting.  Nikon likely foresaw this as an ergonomic design problem, and the camera issues an onscreen message to the user saying that the flash was unable to deploy.  Would have been more convenient for the user if Nikon had integrated the flash into the camera body.The negatives on the video capture performance and the flash placement, the S8000 does take beautiful still images.  If you plan to do mostly still shots and want a slim camera with lots of optical zoom, the S8000 would be a great choice.  If you plan to use the S8000 often for video capture, which I was hoping to do, then perhaps wait until Nikon issues a firmware update for the S8000, or perhaps wait until the next post-S8000 release from Nikon.  Canon seems to put out new camera models every year, but I don't know Nikon's plans for their product releases.  If Nikon fixes the noise in the video capture, then my rating would be at least 4 stars, perhaps even 5 stars.