One always has to expect that with cameramaker's entry-level DSLRs, some corners are cut and this camera is no exception. That said, this camera is a joy to shoot with and I really am glad I bought it.The image quality is excellent. I really like Pentax's noise profile and a lot of pictures have almost a magazine-like quality to them. This is with the kit lens but I also have the 55-200mm lens which works well too. I find the menu pretty easy to navigate and find it very easy to manipulate the manual settings quickly. The flash is ok but probably would be wise to get an external one if you're super-picky about your low-light photos (but even still low-light photos are quite decent. (Sidenote: The K2000 came in a kit with an external flash - not sure why the K-X doesn't). I am finding this camera takes pretty flawless photos up to and including ISO 1600... which is pretty good for an entry-level DSLR. It also has a 96% coverage viewfinder which is excellent for this class of camera.I happen to like AA battery power source - I believe it gives you way more flexibility though it does add some weight to the camera. Though if Pentax really wanted to ice the competition in this segment they would bring down the hybrid battery bay found in the K-R to whatever the follow-up model to the K-X will be. Overall ergonomics are ok on the camera. It's a very small DSLR so if you have big hands you may not feel as comfortable with it as you would a larger DSLR. But still I found it fairly comfortable to shoot with. The camera is mostly plastic but feels pretty well constructed.Now onto some complaints... I think the placement of flash button is poor. Located above the LCD instead of the side of the camera. The camera is rather loud in operation (though not in a clunky way) - the autofocus sounds like a small power tool when its operating. The LCD is not that great... seems like it's very low-resolution. But, again, these are just minor annoyances which are typical for entry-level DSRLs.And finally... the price. For $580 off of Amazon I got the body, kit lens, and the 55-200mm lens. I consider that to be a steal. Overall, despite a few flaws, I am really pleased with this camera and think it's one of the best entry-level DSLRs on the market right now.