I purchased a Nikon Coolpix S630 just before I went to Europe five weeks ago. After 1000 pictures of mountain tops, people, dark museums and action shots, I am done testing it and am very pleased. For years I wanted a hassle-free camera with a high amount of optical zoom yet small in size and shoots well without a lot of light. I hoped to spend less money but was afraid a cheaper camera would frustrate me due to lack of features, poor quality or confusing operation. The S630 gives me all I want in a camera for a reasonable price.My cousin was a professional photographer and he is impressed with how well this camera performs. Closeups of flowers are great. Pictures displayed on a 42" TV have great resolution and color accuracy. Photos of poorly lit rooms have bright colors. Video and audio quality also are impressive.Reading reviews critical of this camera made me a little nervous about deciding to buy this camera but I am glad that I figured out they are overly critical except for the zoom speed. The zoom motor is too fast and you often overshoot where you want it to stop. All too often it will not stop where you want it to and you have to step forward or backward to frame the shot. No camera will always produce a perfect shot on the automatic setting. Photography is a learned skill. The large screen lets you see if the shot did not come out right. You learn and try one of the other settings available. Battery life was roughly 125? pics. Time between pics is a little slow, but OK.PROS: Quality pictures, video and audio; 7x optical zoom in a small body; logical hassle-free operation; reasonable price; low light pics are outstanding; has many other nice features.CONS: 1) Zoom speed as described above. 2) The Nikon S630 does not use common batteries, so you need to pay for a special spare battery that you need to keep charged at all times. 3) The software included has no editing capability just viewing and transferring. 4) The optional Leather Case (Nikon #5811) is too small to carry a spare battery or extra memory card. I bought a case at Wal-Mart that works perfectly. It was a little tight at first, but it stretched out after a couple days.