For a point and shoot, this is an excellent camera.  Quality construction, portability, (fits right in my purse) great pictures, amazing zoom.  I bought this camera mainly for the zoom  as it is 12 X optical. It was a bonus that it takes incredibly good video.  Also great in low light.  The 3" display is beautiful but in sunlight, it is hard to see. Purchased an optional mini HDMI cord and watched the video and stills on the HD t.v. Beautiful pictures.  The manual for the camera is very good and the camera is very well designed.  I cannot complain about the flash.  I think it is does the job.  I think the battery is a little weak. This is a problem with most video cameras. With other cameras, I have always had to purchase an additional battery if you use video. As recommended, purchase at minimum, a SDHC card 8 Class 6.  I got an 8 and it suppose to get about 1 hour of video.  I will probably purchase another card and go for a 16.The software is another story.  Don't even install it on your computer.  It is the worst. Find another software program that is compatible with your computer and AVCHD Lite. I haven't found one yet and not real happy that I can't play it on my computer.  The manual which is on line also is the worst.  If anyone who reads this, has figured out how to play your video with that software let me know.I purchased the DMC ZS3 for $238 about a month ago and now I see that it is up to $337.  I wouldn't have purchased it at that price.  I really like the camera and no regrets.  If it wasn't for the software I  would have given it  5 stars.To add to this review.  I deleted the Panasonic Fun Studio Software  from my computer as it was horrible.  I purchased the Corel Video Studio Pro X3 for $49 and it works great on AVCHD lite format and my 6 year old computer. I downloaded the trial version first and then purchased the Video Studio Pro X3.  I am totally happy. It also works with Sony Vegas.  Sony Vegas is a more difficult program to use than the Corel Video Studio X3.  The Corel also looks better than the Sony Vegas.For more information on this great little camera, go to [...] and see all of the demos and videos taken with it. Seeing the videos will totally sell you on this camera.  Amazing for a little point and shoot.