I bought mine in 2005 after using a pretty cheap HP something. It's been a stalwart companion for nearly all family outings for the past 5 years (about).  I purchased a 1GB SD card after a year or two which greatly increased the storage capacity, but it kind of slowed down the responsiveness of the shooting (I think). There are many more adjustments on the camera than I have ever taken advantage of, the most useful I've found is the ability to adjust the flash intensity -- if I knew more about the technical details I might not have to take so many over/under exposed to get that setting ideal however.THe digital zoom is great. I've used the camera on more than one occasion as a sort of telescope.  If I can't tell what something is far away (or small) with the naked eye, I zoom in using the digital zoom and snap a picture.  The quality (given good lighting) is amazing on maximum zoom, and I'm usually able to see what the tiny little thing is at my leisure.I've not had any complaints about battery stamina.  The rechargable-ness of the camera is a key benefit -- and it's easy to pop the battery pack out, charge it up, and pop it back in.  I have used it on a number of times to take videos -- which is sometimes an option when the photograph doesn't come out.  If the camera is held still, and set on the "indoor" or "night" setting, it will take pretty good videos of kids at band concerts, etc.I do have to agree in some respects with the auto-focus comments of others.  For a while I never had a complaint, but sometime along the way I modified a setting and it seems to have gotten a little out of whack.  If you just depress the trigger button slightly, it will refocus pretty well, but by that time the 'kodak moment' may have passed.Our camera has been dropped, banged around, stayed in the car in the summer and winter without any ill effect.  In fact, one year I jumped in the lake with it in my pocket and it got wet.  I took the battery out, sat it in the sun for the day, and it fired right up and has worked fine ever since.  Even now, the battery door popped off due to rough handling and I've got a bit of duct tape (color coordinating) holding it in place and it just carries on.I'm thinking of passing this camera on to one of my kids and graduating to a digital SLR.  It's a hard decision though because quality/cost ratio is pretty hard to beat with this small and powerful little camera.