There are some great reviews here, so there's not much for me to add, but I'll try.1.  For a DSLR, the price is about the best you can find for a body plus two reasonable zoom lenses.  My nice Nikon plus lenses got destroyed in an accident, so I was looking a replacement using the insurance money.  In fact, I was considering one of the ultra-zoom cameras from Panasonic, Nikon or Canon.  Then I read a comment about this camera, and I decided this was a much better choice for my needs.  I spent too much time in Aperture and Photoshop fixing up P&S; pictures, so I needed to move on.2.  The lenses aren't the best.  You should realize at this price, you're not getting the best lenses in the Pentax armory. But, at this price, I can afford a couple of high quality lenses.  Though there are lots of factors that give you good photographs, I personally think that lenses matter.  I'm shopping for one or two Pentax fixed focal length lenses to add here.3.  Some people complain about the shutter noise.  Let me be a contrarian and say that I like it.  It reminds me of my old Nikon F-5 (yes, a film camera, but there's still something about film).  I like the sound.4.  Like all DSLR's, the menus take some learning.  That being said, it's not that bad, with a short learning curve (at least for me).  I just wish someone would create menus with the simplicity and power of an iPhone.5.  The size is amazingly compact.  Not like the Four Thirds type of cameras, but pretty nice.6.  The CMOS sensor is really sweet.  I've gotten a couple of nice night time shots of the sky!  Too bad I got it too late to take some photos of the Perseid meteor showers.If you're moving into the DSLR range, this is a true find.  I'm not highly experienced, but I think with the right skills, even with the supplied lenses, you would need a mid-range DSLR to get better photos.  And it's WAY better than even the highest priced point and shoots.  I think this is a camera I'm going to use for years.Also, I bought this camera through Amazon Prime (Amazon fulfilled the order).  I got it in 2 days.  Hard to complain.