I'll keep this short, because there are lots of other reviews for the techies. In a nutshell, I'd simply say if you want a digital camera that point and shoot, the A-70 can't be beat for under $ 300 --- probably not for a lot more dollars, either.I have a huge old Sony Mavica FD-91 that has been a good, reliable workhorse.  I like Sony in general, and looked at several new models before coming across the Canon A-70.I started to buy one at Amazon.com, but then I saw it was coming from Target (no free shipping!), so I said what the heck, I'll just go there and get one.  No luck, they were out, and could not say when they would get more.  Circuit City and Best Buy had the same story.Back to the internet, and found a lot of the camera suppliers were also out. So back to good old Amazon.com.  When I did the deal, their supplier had changed to Office Depot, but they had some in stock and I got mine in just a few days, for about $ 8.00 shipping.Canon has a nice package, including the camera, USB cable, a cable for hooking the camera up to a TV, four AA batteries, a stingy 16MB compact flash card, software, and about four pounds of manuals. I found the manuals to be nicely done, better than what I'm used to from Sony by far.The camera is just jam-up.  For most of us, just leave it in "auto" and start shooting.  For shutterbugs, it has a number of features that will allow special settings. It operates on four AA batteries, no high dollar jobs like many other cameras use.  I invested in rechargeable 1800 mAh Nickel Metal Hydrides, having been forewarned by other reviewers. I also stuck in a 512 MB card so I won't have to screw around changing them, or at least not very often.I think the A-70 is a great design --- the battery box forms a natural grip for right handers.  The optical view finder is far enough left so that if you use your right eye, you nose won't get the back of the camera greasy. No lens cap, it has an automatic eyelid, sort of. Only a 3-X zoom, but c'mon, we're talking a $ 299.00 3.2 Megapixel camera here! The "feel" is good and solid. The little LCD on the back is sharp and clear, and there are a minimum of buttons to deal with --- what is there is easy to use.So, if you are a first time digital camera buyer, this would be the one I'd recommend.  It is small enough for a purse, or to slip into a trouser pocket, so it will go anywhere with minimal fuss. It's cheap, takes great pictures --- even videos if you want --- what's not to like?