Well, I've been buying at Amazon for years and this is my first review.  I had to speak up because it's important.I've been considering the Casio Exilim EX-Zxx line for a couple of months.  I did my due diliegence at all the usual places: Cnet, KenRockwell.com, DPreview, Steves-Digicams, PCMag, etc.  I poured over user reviews.  I bought the EX-Z50.  My God, what a massive, massive dissapointment!!!!Let me first say that I am no amateur with digicams or 35mm photography for that matter.  I've been an avid hobbyist for nearly 20 years.  I've been in the digital mix for 5 now.  I shoot primarilly Nikon D70.  Like another comment here, I was also looking for a super portable pocket-cam when not wanting to tote the big rig.The GOOD:  The EX-Z50 is fantastically cute, solid feeling, feature filled, and has good pricing.  It's easy for my novice wife to pick the thing up and start using it with little instruction.  The screen is excellent.  The controls are above par.  As Ken Rockwell mentions, the Exilim line seems to have been designed by real photogs with features such as easy White-Balance and intuitive menus.  The unit starts up really quickly.  The focus is relatively fast for a point-and-shoot.  Shutter lag is very slight - excellent performance.  Did I mention this thing is small and cute?  Great design.The BAD:  And most importantly... the picture quality is beyond HORRIBLE!!!!  Severe barreling at anything past 50% telephoto.  Purple fringing all over the place.  But my biggest gripe is the MASSIVE, MASSIVE, GRAININESS in nearly every single picture in every single setting.  Imagine a cheap 110mm camera using ISO800 file all time.  It is compleltely unacceptable at any ISO setting on the Casio.  Perhaps I'm spoiled by the stellar D70 performance.  But this is downright bad.  I am shocked.  I implore Casio to take a hard look at their digicams before trying to pass them off in the public domain as good cameras.  This is a serious emabrassment.  I am returning my unit and reviewing others.