I purchased the DMC-ZS3 as a traveling complement to when I don't want to lug around my Canon EOS 5D and assorted lenses.  I've had the camera for over five months now and have taken it on two cruise vacations totaling twenty-tree days.  Pictures are very sharp.  Color rendition is good to excellent.  Noise becomes noticeable above 400 ISO, but that's the nature of such a small sensor and anyone bothered by that is not using the camera's incredibly small size to full advantage.To compensate for the noise, I set maximum ISO to 400.  When I need to take available-light photographs, I find the small ZS3 perfectly suited and balanced for placement on steadying objects.  Then, setting the Mode Dial to Normal Picture Mode and using the two-second shutter release delay, I depress the shutter release and wait for the camera do its thing.  When balancing the camera on a stationary platform is not possible, I stand with my back to a wall, column, or any other stationary surface, reach over my head, brace the camera, and snap the shot.  Try doing THAT with a full-frame DSLR.As for the complaint that the camera has no manual mode, just how much control does one need?  The ZS3 comes with controls for ISO, white balance, and limited control over exposure time and aperture (if you understand how to get to them).  That in conjunction with an astounding twenty-three Scene Modes (including the best panoramic setup I've ever seen on a camera) gives even the most experienced photographer more control than they will likely ever need during most snapshot applications.  The only thing required to get the best out of this camera is a thorough understanding of the owners manual, which I went through twice immediately upon purchase, and have gone through twice again just to maintain familiarity with everything this camera has to offer.The only things really lacking in this wonderful package are:  no RAW capability, battery life is limited at best (get a spare), built-in flash limited to between ten and fifteen feet, no built-in sharpness control, no filter capability (and I love polarizing filters), and limited color saturation and correction control.In exchange for giving that up (most of which can be post processed anyway), you get more than adequate snapshot capability with an incredible 25mm-300mm (35mm equivalent) focal length in a moderately fast f3.3-f4.9 lens, all in a package you can fit in your shirt pocket.  A single 8mb SDHC will get you almost 1,400 photographs in standard 3:2 photo ratio (9.5mp) and only slightly less in the 10mp 4:3 TV/Monitor ratio.  The camera will also take 9mp photographs in 16:9 HD Screen ratio.Bottom line:  Great snapshot camera for when you don't want to lug around your full-framed DSLR and assorted interchangeable lenses.