This is a great camera with features that are hard to find on other cameras in this price range. Many may consider the Zoom a little, short but it is actually just right. A 32mm to 96mm range gives you EXCELLENT wide angle unavailable in similar cameras, and still a good zoom for practical photography.If you are taking pictures of the kids just about any digital will do, but if you like scenic and landscape shots, the wide angle capabilities and 3.2 REAL mPix will give you excellent 8x10s and beautiful sunsets etc. with the noise reduction. Remember to buy a nice table tripod for those low light situations and you won't need a more sensitive lense.I also own an Olympus 2040Z, and I have never been able to take a bad shot no matter how bad I mess up. Keep it on auto and it will probably do better than you can with manual unless you want special effects.The battery advantage has been discussed elsewhere but I thought of getting the Cannon S40. Nice Camera BUT check out the price of a few extra proprietary lith ion batteries. Very high and the same with Sony. NiMh AAs are available with near the capacity of Lith ion these days and keep getting better. I use 1600 mah and 1800+ are available.Only down side is Smart Media, but I started with smart media and it is doesn't quite have the high capacity of Compact Flash but a 128 Meg will hold quite a few TIFFs even not to mention 70 or 80 very low compression JPEGs.I've heard criticism of the lack of a software bundle. Well if you buy a scanner, printer, or new computer you get that anyway so why pay for more. I'm glad they kept the price down and left the software out. I have Photoshop Elements and 5 others anyway so certainly didn't want to pay for another copy.Resolution is not what's cranked up to be. Cannon's S40 is actually 3.9 real pixels. The 3020Z is 3.2 real pixels. I don't think that from a practical standpoint it makes much difference for the extra cost.Olympus listened to the needs of its previous users and made this one right! Great camera -- 5+ stars