We don't have much money but when my husband and I got married we wanted to be able to have a nice camera to take with us on our honeymoon because we had saved up a long time to be able to go.  We couldn't afford an SLR so got what the reviews seemed to indicate was the next best thing: Coolpix 8800.  We spent nearly $900 on the camera and believed it was worth the cost because it was Nikon and would last a lifetime.  It lasted about 3 years before various pieces (LCD screen, flash, focus) stopped working.  I can't even explain to you how carefully we've handled this camera - our largest purchase - and how unbelievable it is to us that it turned into a piece of junk long before we were able to recoup our enormous costs.  The service (they only have a 12 month warranty) now will cost us more than this terribly-constructed camera is worth on the market and we cannot afford to buy a new camera to take photos of our two young children.  We are saving, though - and will be sure to buy CANON and will be advising all of our friends and readers to do the same.GOOD----- takes good photos when there is good lighting- has presets that allow near point-and-shoot capabilityBAD---- same as all non SLRs, the lens is fixed so if you scratch it heaven help you - because Nikon won't - you're going to have to invest in filters- Nikon service has a minimum charge to fix your camera - and you have to ship it to them at your own cost (and back at your own cost) - and the minimum charge is NOT cheap- Seems to have pretty consistent issues with the mechanical parts breaking down over time (pop up flash / LCD screen / focus) - wish we had known THAT prior to purchasing it and finding out for ourselves- 12 month warranty only- does NOT take good photos in 'imperfect light' situations (ex: indoors)A particular thank you goes out to the service rep who advised us how "reliable" the 8800s are in response to our claim that several functions were malfunctioning.  Thanks.  But perhaps that rep should take a look at all of the other design issues that have come up with the 8800 for other customers who have been burned by both mechanical and software failure on this device.Hope that our readers never have to deal with Nikon service and will take our advice to never, ever consider buying a Nikon.  A good lens is fabulous - but when it's stuck onto a poorly designed and poorly supported body it is utterly worthless and in this economy, nobody can afford to make a mistake so expensive.Maybe some of these work OK.  But an awfully large number of them have issues that render them useless.  Some are just a ticking time bomb.