Has been a great camera so far and a nice upgrade from my old Pentax Optio 555.Outdoors:1. Almost all cameras will take good outdoor pics during daylight and the L110 is no different. So far all my outdoor daytime pics have turned out clear and crisp with natural color. I've been pleased with the night pics I've taken, even when it's pitch black the flash brightens up the shot nicely so long as the subjects are close enough for the focus light to illuminate.2. Outdoor video looks good considering it's coming from a point n shoot camera and not a designated camcorder.Indoors:1. Like most cams it needs to fire flash in order to get clear pics with standard, indoor lighting. It has an Easy-Auto and Auto mode that will usually get the settings right, no manual mode though.2. Indoor video isn't impressive if the lighting is poor, especially if the camera or subject is moving very much. Having said that, the vid quality is better than most other point n shoot camera's video mode that I've seen.Pros:1. Price is good for features2. Takes good pics and video is reasonable for a point n shoot camera3. AA batteries are cheap, easy to find, and last a long time in this camera4. Nikon's Easy Auto Mode will have your grandma taking good pics5. Zoom is powerful (15x zoom)6. Camera firmware is easy to understand and responds fairly quickly7. Large 3" LCD8. Has quite a few Auto modes to choose from, or an Easy Auto Mode which will choose for you9. VR (vibration reduction) can be both optical and digital (hybrid) and works well10. Takes HD 720P 30fps video, perfect for YouTubers wanting to do their vlogs in HDCons:1. No manual mode (AE priority, etc), only auto modes2. Both Sports mode and Multi Shot 16 are nearly useless since the L110 drops the image quality down and turns the ISO up which makes the pics very grainy, especially in low light3. An integrated lens cap (like my Optio 555) would have been very nice4. No matter how large your memory card, you can only take 29min of video at a time (you can take multiple 29min vids though)5. Very little stereo separation in audio when in video mode6. In video mode, the microphone pics up the camera's motor when you zoom in/out (it's faint, but still there)Overall:I really like the camera and I would buy it again. I bought this camera mainly because it's a Nikon (had good luck with them), price, takes 12mp pics, has 15x zoom, optical VR and takes HD 720P vid. None of the L110's features are jaw droppers, but it works good and I only paid a little over $200 bucks for it.