i got this camera after being disappointed with the quality of my 3MP fuji finepix s5000. i did my homework and researched 3MP digital cameras for a few weeks. i noticed the A70 had the same advanced controls as the finepix s5000. it got good reviews from both professionals and casual users. so, i bought it and i have been VERY happy with this camera ever since.my advice? READ THE MANUAL if you ever plan on doing more than pointing and shooting. even if you don't, read it anyway! this camera has a great feature set and you'd be wasting your hard earned money if you don't check it out. also, as always, spring for a bigger compact flash card (at least 128MB), rechargable batteries and a case. protect your investment!PROS:* takes excellent 3MP photos (color is cool and images are sharp). isn't this what digital photography is all about?* advanced features are great! it's a great point and shoot camera, but also has tons of advanced features for those wanting more control; white balance, shutter speed, aperature, ISO, and many, many more!* movie feature is kinda cool. with sound, too!* fairly small and feels comfortable in your hand. controls are where they should be.* menu is easy to understand.* battery life seems to be pretty good (i use rechargables).CONS:* LCD on back of camera scratches very easily. don't remove the protective cover, or buy one on ebay. people actually sell these things. :)* LCD gets a pink hue to it when i am in daylight, taking photos. the LCD is hard to see in daylight. try using the viewfinder. though the optical viewfinder isn't exactly what you'll see when you transfer to your 'puter, but it's close enough.* time between photos could be better. overall, a SUPER camera! i just hope i don't get the dreaded "E18" error!7.12.04well, it's off to the factory already for repairs. it's been a little over a month since i bought the A70 and it's already got problems. pink streaking on the LCD and although it doesn't show up in the pictures, it does show up on the video. i am so scared of sending this thing to the canon factory to be worked on 'cause i have heard so many stories about their horrible customer service. oh well, here goes...