I'm a relative newcomer to digital photography.  After many years as a casual photo enthusiast using 35mm SLRs long ago, I had a long dry spell of inactivity; earlier this year, I picked up a used Nikon D60 to see if going digital might rekindle my interest via the reduced hassles and cost of shooting in that mode.  It was fun, and I had good results, but found myself envying the portability, versatility and ease of use (and startlingly good image quality) of my partner's Fujifilm Finepix Z10fd.  So I decided to grab one of the small units for myself.  The Finepix A220 boasted 12.2Mp resolution, and our experience with the other Fuji led me to expect that this had a good chance of being a decent unit.  While I agree with the reports from others that shutter response is often a bit slow, I've encountered this problem with autofocus cameras of all types; only my old manual-focus mechanical-shutter cameras were 100% reliable about immediately taking the shot when the shutter button was pressed.  If that issue is handled better with high-end units, then obviously that's one of the defining qualities of the upscale models.  Another minor disappointment is in the handling of the zoom feature; the optical zoom has just 5 stepped settings, and does not permit zooming to a point between any of them.  Once again, this is probably an item that the higher-priced models handle better.  Using the macro mode, the image resolution and sharpness of the A220 is good enough to allow clearly reading the text on a page of the phone book which was shot from the range at which it filled the frame, and color rendition seems very good indoors; outside, some washout seems to happen in very bright settings, as is often true with film as well.  The bottom line, to me, is that this tiny AA-battery-powered box takes pictures with resolution equal to what I used to get from 35mm film, it can take the equivalent of many rolls of film worth of images without needing anything more than an occasional fresh set of cheap batteries, it can focus down far enough to image remarkably small subjects, and its cost of operation is essentially negligible.  Many of these attributes are true for the majority of digital cameras, but in my opinion, this is one of the best bang-for-the-buck units I've seen.  I'll probably use this a lot more than the Nikon, to be quite honest.