I had originally bought a Samsung for a martial arts event that I needed good quality pictures for... it froze within 2 hours of buying it so I ran back to the store and was directed to the Coolpix L15.My requirements were to:Take clear non blurry pictures of my daughter posing with her friends and her new belt, I got that.I needed to be able to take action shots while she did her sparring and patterns. I also wanted to get that one perfect picture as her foot or hand went through the board. The Coolpix has the non flash sports feature that I was thrilled to discover. You simply hold down the button and it takes picture after picture of clear crisp action pictures. You can filter out the ones you don't want later.I also needed something that wouldn't die on me in the middle of the event. I was shocked that I did not need the additional batteries even after using the video feature, micro feature, flash numerous times.Last but not least I was very happy to discover that upon returning home I could connect the camera up to my 56 inch television and view the video and pictures in a crystal clear image. I expected some pixelation but got none.The software can be customized to download your pictures then remove them from the card so it saves you that extra step.There are also other options you can choose depending on where you are and what time of day it is. You can choose the night/date feature to allow more clarity to the subject while accenting the background lighting. If you want a panaramic shot, you can take the pictures and on the screen it shows you the cutoff of your last picture so you can line up your next one. There are too many other scene examples built into the camera to mention here.The stabilization lives up to it's name.I would highly recommend this to anyone. I have a 2GB card that allowed me about 600 pictures on the highest quality of the camera possible.A fantastic buy in my personal opinion. If you are taking portrait pictures there is a small lag time between shots but if you need those action shots this is the best camera I've found yet.