***Update 9/9/09-- Got the Canon SX200IS today and this camera is what I was looking for in the ZS3. I've been taking pics all day with it and hardly ANY bad pics so far. This Canon far exceeds all of my expectations. The only thing better in the ZS3 was the HD camcorder fxn (it really took great, clear video--better sound too), but I already have an excellent HD camcorder so that wasn't necessary to me. Picture quality/colors were really about the same when the ZS3 was focused so the Canon gets the nod here for focusing ability. Macro pics were even. Flash is MUCH better in the Canon. Zoom seems faster to focus with the Canon but still not the greatest--but I'll take the improvement over the ZS3. Hopefully I don't get the lens issue others have gotten with the Canon--if I don't it was money totally well spent. Adios Panasonic ZS3. Wish I could say it was great, but....I received the Panasonic DMC-ZS3 from Amazon yesterday. I took it back to UPS to return after several hours.Good: The camera when spot on takes amazing, colorful pictures.  The zoom is great.  Macro fxn may even be better.Bad: 75% of my shots had tons of NOISE or outright out of focus-- and no, I do not have Parkinson's. I'm no professional, but even I can  see how bad the focus fxn is on this camera. I tried all different settings on this to no avail. I consider my house to be bright  (live in Phoenix) esp my living room. Still the camera fought to find the correct picture. Outside did better, but still had an  unacceptable amount of noisy pics. Also, if your subject even moves and inch, the focus is blown. I could maybe see if the pics were  taken in a darker setting, but not the case.  Not many adjustable fxns compared to others.  Flash is HORRENDOUS.....way underpowered..I could live with the flash and really with a camera that has hiccups once in a while, but the pics that this one took were totallyunacceptable. After reading all of the review before buying, I really wanted this camera to be mine-- I could deal with all of the cons except for the fact that I couldn't get a proper pic.Maybe I got a defunct camera but I'm not buying another to find out....