This is my first digital camera and I have been very intimidated about finally buying one, but I have always owned and loved my Canons, so this was an easy choice for me. I also read many reviews and this camera was at the top of the list in every category including durability. I love that this camera looks and feels like a normal camera. You can use the viewfinder just like the olden days. It is larger and has the heft of a camera, not tiny like some digital cameras.Out of the box set up time was about 10 minutes. The instruction book begins at the beginning and is written in plain English with illustrations. No wonk-y mumbo-jumbo. Basically, you slap the batteries in, put the little memory card in its slot, turn it on and point and shoot. Auto focusing and flash make it SIMPLE!I was in a quandry about megapixels. I wondered if 2.1 was too low for the pics to be sharp. A couple of years ago, that was the top of the line, now, 2.1 is prehistoric. I decided to go with the A40 and 2.1 as a learning experience because the price is so low and Canons are so great. I figured after a couple of years, I'd junk the A40 and get a super megapixel camera. WRONG! This is a keeper! The photos are absolutely beautiful and crisp, even up to 8"X10". The color is absolutely accurate! My dad is a Nikon snob and even he admitted that my Canon A40 did a much better job than his Nikon 2.1 megapixel!You have the option of using the Auto mode, where the camera does everything but push its own button or you can use it like a conventional camera where you set the exposure, shutter speed, etc.There are a lot of other settings to play with if you want to, like  making the colors more vivid.I did invest in a 256MG memory card because I read that the 8MG one the camera comes with doesn't hold many photos. I have shot 200 photos without a glitch or erasing any to free up memory space.I think that this is the greatest value and quality in a digital camera for any level of user that anyone could want. If you've hesitated buying a digital camera, I encourage you to make this your first digital camera. I expect to keep this baby forever!