I bought this camera to be able to view a second home remotely.  I was able to get the intial setup pretty easily and had the camera working locally within a few hours. I have a shop building about 150 feet from the house and my plan was to put it in the window in the shop pointing back at the house with a wireless connection. Again that worked fine locally but I couldn't get access to it over the internet from a remote location.  This was very frustrating.  I also have a dvr with four cameras hard wired. Two inside and two outside looking away from the house.  I have been able to view them remotely with no problem.  I am using a DNS service to get the current IP.  My thought was that I can access the dvr remotely get the ip and then just change the port to access the camera but this didn't work regardless of the ports I set up and forwarded.  This was very frustating for several weeks.  Finally I realized that my dvr address 198.162.0.150 was different from my camera address 198.162.1.200. After I realized that I was able to do a more refined search on the internet and finally discovered the solution.  The problem was that I had a modem and a separate router.  However, the modem also had a dhcp server built in.  So I had to turn off the DHCP service on the router and put the router on the same subnet as the modem and then once I did that everything worked.  Here is the link to the article in port forwarding[...]Now that I have the camera working it works great.  I am also able to access the camera on my iphone using the "cam viewer" app.  Although it doesn't allow you to access the PTZ functions of the camera. I haven't tried using the microphone or speaker functions yet so don't have an opinion about them.Update: I have now had the camera for awhile and while I am still pleased with its overall performance, one serious problem with the camera is that it drops the wireless signal. Since this camera is to look over a second home it's value quickly lessons if you can't access it remotely. In the last three weeks it has dropped out twice on me.  On the first occaision I was able to have someone reset it for me and then it was good for another 3 or 4 days before it dropped again. Will have to figure out how to deal with that problem.2nd Update: I was still getting the wireless drop problem and so I bought a ZyXEL WAP3205 access point.  This picked up the wireless signal from my wireless router and allowed my to plug my camera in using an ethernet cable thus avoiding  the wireless connection on the camera.  So far I have gone 10 days and it is still working.  Keeping my fingers crossed.