While I initially bought it for the size and features, my friends and I can't believe how wonderful the pictures are that it produces!  The best thing is that I can keep it with me in my purse and take pictures anytime.  It really makes you love taking pictures again.  I'm using it in the "best" picture mode, and both the 4x6's and the 8x10's I've produced are fabulous.  I had been hooked on my Elph (non-digital APS camera) because of the size and had all but stopped using my 35mm SLR, but this produces better pictures (especially closeups), has all the advantages of digital, and is a lot smaller.  A couple of reviews of this camera and its predecessor, the 4s, mentioned that 400 ISO pictures are noisy.  While that's true, you'd have to manually select 400 because I have yet to find any of the "auto modes" that choose 400 speed - most are done in 50 or 100 speed regardless of the light, and the shutter speed compensates (and/or the flash compensates). The night mode does a great job if you have a tripod or brace the camera (4 second shutter speed). So unless you want to take a lot of pictures of moving subjects in dim light, or can't hold the camera still, I can't see that it would be an issue for any point-and-shoot type of usage, indoors or out.  In comparisons with 8x10 closeup pictures from the Canon S400 and Nikon 4500, I'd challenge you to find any negative differences.  The "flower" mode does soften the sharpness a tiny bit, but I found it to be more aesthetically pleasing.  If you like it sharper, you can use another setting such as generic "picture mode" or "landscape mode".  (It's interesting to review the metadata information on the computer after taking shots with different settings and in different modes.  You can see how it adjusted the contrast, saturation, white balance, etc. in addition to the shutter speed/ISO info and more)  The best use I've had so far was last Saturday night when my son brought his date here to get prom pictures.  I took a few shots (reviewed them on the spot - retook one when I noticed it would look better if she wasn't holding her purse) then came inside, downloaded them, reframed one of them to be closer and printed them out before they left.  His date not only had some great pictures from the prom, she had pictures to take TO the prom!  Everyone was thrilled!By the way, I use MicroSoft PictureIt Professional and an HP 2210xi printer to print them, and have found the results to be fantastic.  Printing from the Optio software seemed to be fine too. (I was not pleased with the printed results when just using the HP printer software to print - that's true regardless of what camera was used to take the picture or even if you scan in a non-digital photo.)