Great cam. for being socially active/outdoorsy (ski, camp, bars,etc)BUT, it has a few too many bells and whistles for me right now that I never use. Couldn't find some of my needed features, however, in the lesser models so I guess I can live with these unused luxuries and maybe learn them too... I do find it a bit slow on getting ready to take a flash picture in the dark as it has to adjust, in an almost "automatic" way that you wish you could more readily override, thus making your subjects wait a bit longer than they'd expect. (Hold that smile, everyone!) You have to almost hold down--as if to force--the button in order to finally get it to take a shot. I have had to re-press the button at times, and could miss action that a simpler point-and-shoot digital might have gotten. I have often decided to turn on the camera, instantly click certain settings to turn off the flash, and snap pictures without. I can often adjust them using Photoshop on my home system. In skiing, I like to try to get friends doing jumps or other active shots, and so since this is mostly in the daytime, you dont need a flash and the cam does not start up forcing you to use it. In order to now get those "perfectly timed" shots, you can, with the S330, teach yourself to carefully "half-press" and the camera is now, in contrast to the above, sooo itchin' to take an instant shot that any jiggle at all could do just that, so be ready! (the little lights will flash as you stand alert...) Now when you finish pushing down the button , it snaps on command which is awesome because you can say, "I got you jumping in mid-air!" Bought online a second battery (definitely recommended) but it was made by Optex (NOT recommended) because it empties in no time! I will buy another Canon --only. To save power, I also often instantly turn off the display (although you get a more centered shot when using it to frame subject) which comes on as the default (I like cameras that it does not come on as the default). seems as though the cumbersome software CD does not work with windows 2000ME, but maybe I should try reinstall a 4th time...or go with USB cards and reader. (that would give me more ease in travel) In the end, it is the compact size, pic quality and style of this cam I like best. I can live with having to work around the other things and so it is great, but not as easy as say, an Olympus, to hand to someone else and say, "Can you just take a picture of me?" I guess I gotta do a lot of stuff at home with Photoshop to many of my pictures later.