I owned a Nikon N70, then switch to digital Kodak DC4800.  Both are excellent camera of its class.  Now I switch to Nikon Coolpix 5700, and realized this is THE camera to own if money is no object.  Nikon's metering system with build-in speed light create excellent night time pictures.  The focusing is excellent at daytime, and a little slower at night, but by manually adjusting the ISO setting, Apeture and shutter speed, you can easily get an excellent night time picture.  The size of the camera is bigger than most compact, but much smaller than most SLR camera.  Easily held with just one hand, comfort grib, and the magnesium alloy body is professionally built.The lens, oh man, the lens, is the best feature because of Nikon's ED lens, 8x optical zoom, this camera can easily shoot sporting event pictures with ease.  The 5-megapixel prints are unbelieveable.  The best thing about a high mega-pixel camera is that you take the picture, you CROP the picture down, and it's still so detail and clear.I have always kept my Nikon N70, even when I was using the kodak DC4800.  Now, I can truly say that I will be selling my Nikon N70, and my two lens, because the new Nikon Coolpix 5700 replace the performance of my Nikon N70, and it's 8x zoom lens is almost the equivalent of my 35-80mm and 70 to 300mm lens.Keep in mind that this camera does consume power, a fully charged battery will only last about 70 minutes, because both the LCD display or the eletronic viewfinder consume power.Unfortunately, I brought my Nikon 5700 from a New York retailer that sent me a japanese model, but it's still the same camera, only that if it breaks down, Nikon will now repair it, even if you want to pay cash for the repair.  Therefore, if you worry about camera breaking down, you have to make sure it's a USA model.  One last thing, there are too many features the camera have for me to mention here.  The most important point is that this camera has all major control of a profession SLR if you want to use it, it also can be fully automated to take picture with your worry.  Its size to to big at all to carry for a 10 days even thought its not as small as other digital camera.  Its lens has a great optical zoom range that will let you capture details photographs.  And the quality, the workmanship of this camera is first class all the way.