i've had a powershot a70 for two years, and in that time have taken thousands of pictures and hours worth of video clips.  this thing hasn't left my side since i bought it- it's become almost an extra appendage.unfortunately, i've lost two of these cameras to the dreaded "purple haze" now.  my first camera broke six months after i bought it, but i don't think this was any fault of canon's.  i was so hard on that thing.  i carried it around in a bag without a case everywhere i went, dropped it multiple times, and pretty much did everything with it that you shouldn't do with a camera.  and contrary to what others have been saying about canon customer service, i thought they were great.  i sent in my camera, and despite the fact that it was dented and scratched and clearly mistreated, they sent me a refurbished one, no questions asked.i've been a lot more careful with my second camera, but it's still been through a lot of wear and tear over the past year and a half.  up until it broke, it did everything i asked of it, and then some.  i realized about a month ago that it was about to go, and decided that it was fine with me, because i've more than got my money's worth in the time that i've had it.  my only regret is not buying the extended warrenty when i bought my camera originally, because i would love to get another identical refurbished camera from canon.this is a great camera for casual photographers.  it doesn't take professional quality images, so don't expect to be blown away, but the pictures still look great.  the video mode is pretty decent, and it's one of the features that i've come to love most about my camera.  and as for battery life, i have yet to find a camera with batteries that last as long.  the four double a's make the camera kind of heavy, but they last for weeks at a time. my only complaint is that the camera has troubles in low light, but that's to be expected with any digital camera in this price range.  the flash tends to be too bright and washes pictures out, but without the flash, the image will blur unless you keep the camera perfectly still.  this problem can be solved by buying a tripod, however.overall, this is a great camera.  my dad, sister, and boyfriend all bought similar powershots because they liked mine so much.  despite the fact that my camera is broken, i would say it had a good run, and would suggest it to any casual photographer in the market for a new digital camera