Where is the Mac support? I am sorry but not having Mac support is just not ok anymore especially from a company like Logitech. In thier defense they are usually very good in this regard as most of thier products either work with both systems or they make a separate Mac version. It simply isnt that difficult to make something like this dual support and that combined with Apple's substantial increase in market share over the last few years is why its just not ok to exclude Apple users. 5-8 years ago it would have made sense that this was not Mac compatible since the vast majority of Mac's being used were not in sectors that would have used a device such as this however, and this is a big however, that it just no longer the case. More and more people are using Mac's in thier homes and offices and the numbers prove that. So why make a product like this, with a bunch of different set up options and package options, and leave out Mac support? The fact that this is Logitech only makes it that much more questionable as again they have been very good in this regard over the last few years.The good news is that Mac users who are running Pentium Machines and have Boot Camp installed can still use this line of products. It runs flawlessly on Boot Camp as I have been using it for over 3 months now without a hitch. The only negative is that I have to reboot back up in Mac mode whenever I get home and have to shut down and boot up in Windows mode if I am going out and want the video surviellance running. Sure it only takes about 20 seconds to reboot but its still a small nuisance that I would rather do without.I would have given this system a 4 or 5 star if it had Mac support. Since it doesnt I am giving it a 3 star. Cmon Logitech, the days of favoring PC over Mac or even Mac over a PC are over. It is for all intents and purposes a dual format market and given the fact that your a company that has chosen to support both formats, well you should be doing just that and support both formats especially for an entire product line like this one. Again Logitech has actually been very good in this regard over the last few years and that is exactly why I chose to buy this system in spite of the no Mac support and run it in Bootcamp. If however this sort of thing starts to become a trend for Logitech then I will certainly factor that into my future support of the company. One of my favorite things about Logitech is thier dual support, take that away and I will no doubt be going somewhere else for my peripherals.