I am both a part-time photographer and a designer of interior window fashions.  For heavy-duty photo shoots for production or for art I use my Nikon D 300S and get all the great control that you get with the big equipment scene and I love the results.  However, for quick before and after shots or for documenting product issues in my window fashions business I have found the little coolpix cameras to be indispensable.In fact, I just purchased my 4th little coolpix.  This one.  My first coolpix was the P4, purchased back in 2004 or 2005.  I carried it in my briefcase to all prospective customer sites and recorded everything from beginning to end with it.  The 'scenes' were a crucial factor in successfully shooting window dressings, as I could go from the museum setting to the backlit setting to really capture the room.  Awkward details that present challenges?  Instantly converted to close up and got great clear shots of uneven trim, out-of-square corners and obstructions.  It was considerably more rugged than I had any right to expect from a small inexpensive camera.  The design business is full of heavy sample books and ladders that get jumbled together in the back of a van, but the little camera just put up with the abuse.I loved the little camera so much that I purchased the s6000 for my sister and my installer so that they could get the same great detail shots with no training.  It is really incredible the quality of photos we have for every job we do with very poor conditions--low light and frequently high levels of dust.  The photos are almost always great for what they are.  We have great portfolios of every job.  Not magazine ready, but good enough to sell new customers on what we can do for them.Recently I dropped my little P4 for the last time.  I had no hesitation about getting another coolpix.  I tried another one in the series but returned it after only 30 minutes because the features just weren't suitable for what I needed.  I returned the newer model and found this slightly older model.  I have used the ones I gave to others and know it will be perfect for what I need.