I have had my Canon S200 for about a month now and am absolutley pleased with it's performance. First the design: it is literally the exact size as a pack of cigarettes. (with the cool weight of a tiny gadget like a zippo lighter) Very sturdy feel, feels like a block of metal in your hands. The case does not get smudges from fingerprints and have not noticed any scracthes from everyday use.Second, picture quality: I have only printed 4x6 prints onto photo quality paper from an Epson Photo printer and as an amateur photographer was amazed at the picture quality. Very crisp colors and details, from daytime outdoor pictures to nighttime indoor pictures. You can see tiny freckles on ppl's faces, good or bad I dont know. There is a macro mode for close-ups. A manual mode which is intuitive, for example, if you want to take Non-Flash shots where flash is not allowed, you dont have to set for No-flash everytime you turn the camera on and off. Set if for Manual Mode>No-Flash and everytime you turn the camera on and off the flash is automactically set off. (or vice-versa) ISO can me set, as well as shutter speed. which is also nice for more creative ppl, or for dark situations.Third Battery life: I recently took a trip to LA, with two 64mg Compact Flash cards (set for highest resolution each card held approx. 180 images: the camera "says" the card can hold 70 images, but i kept on going to experiment and got different from 180-200 images!) So everyday I would take 120-140 images, go to my hotel recharge the battery, which lasted the whole day, download the images to my laptop and be ready for the next day. and a note, whether you set for high or low resolution the camera takes same amount of time "writing" or recording to disk which is btw very fast. I have both Sandisk and Fuji brand compact flash cards and have not noticed any performance difference.I was deciding between the S200 and the S300 which are identical, except the S300 has 3X optical zoom instead of 2X, and also has a longer movie mode. 2MegaPixel is perfect for 4X6 prints and 8X10 prints also.If you are new to digital cameras you will be absolutley satisfied with this camera's print quality, ease of use, battery life, as well as more advanced features which I have not used yet such as the longer shutter speeds. A good online source for digital camera research can be found here: dpreview.com and canon's site has sample pictures taken with this camera. Have fun.