I've owned 35mm SLR and point-and-shoot cameras for almost 30 years and have to say I'm very pleased with this camera. The high points:-- 30 flash pictures so far and no red eye-- Size. The DSC-P51 slips easily into a jacket pocket but feels substantial in your hand.-- Image quality. I've used online photo services to have my images printed professionally with excellent results for 4"x6" prints. The pictures are acceptably sharp and the color is very good.-- Flexibility. I can easily set-up the camera so my wife and son (who don't like messing with the control menus) can simply grab it, turn it on, and shoot. On the other hand, I appreciate the simplicity of the controls and the range of available features (including the ability to raise or lower the intensity of the flash)-- LCD viewfinder. Clear and sharp--even outdoors.-- Extras. A charger, 2 rechargeable AA batteries, a carrying strap, a 16 mb memory stick (enough to get you started) and a USB cable come with the camera.Things I'm less crazy about:-- Lag time. Call me old-fashioned, but when I click the shutter button I want the camera to take a picture immediately. Like most digital cameras, this one has to think it over for a second or so before it actually takes a picture--an eternity if you're shooting candids. While this is annoying and it's easy to blame the camera, the fact is that only 1 in 4 of the candid shots that most people (including me)take on film cameras pan out anyway. In practice I find that I can still get good shots if I just stick with the shot and don't freak out when the camera goes through its gyrations. If I don't get a good shot, I delete it and snap another.-- Recharging the supplied AA rechargeables. How does 13 hours sound?-- Using regular alkaline batteries. While having the ability to use off-the-shelf alkaline batteries sounds great and can work in a pinch, I've found that the camera draws a lot of juice quickly--especially when taking flash photos. Sometimes this can cause the camera to shut down after I take a shot--a problem I've never had with the supplied rechargeables.Re. accessories, consider buying a Lexar memory stick reader. I have Windows XP on my PC and no additional software was required to use it. Also consider a 128mb memory stick and the optional Sony accessories kit (with fast charger, 2 extra batteries, and case).