The camera actually feels pretty solid in my hands, you can tell it's plastic but it doesn't feel cheap overall. The pictures I took came out great, everything was clear even on most of the 7x zoom shots (more zoom = you need to move less). I am very happy with the quality of the lens and the layout. Nikon really gave it some extras such as using a zoom ring and a comfortable thumb rest while shooting (portrait and landscape modes). I am pleased with the shooting response time (from powering on to taking a picture) and have not experienced any shutter lag (I know that it IS slower than others, but really if you're getting a small point and shoot you have to give up something when the camera is $225.) I did play around with some of the features such as messing with the AUTO settings and the automatic smile mode. I didn't find the auto smile mode (it shoots when it senses a smile) to be that worthwhile. There are a lot of scene modes which can be overwhelming, but the auto scene selector works great! I have not done enough testing to see how the color really turns out under different settings.I gave this 4 stars and not a full 5 for a few reasons that are more personal annoyances than performance issues. The first is that the little dial on the back feels cheap. I would have rather this been metal. It doesn't affect performance, but it does take away from the experience when you feel it. The second problem is that the menu is terrible. Nikon needs to put some R&D; into making a menu that is very intuitive and user friendly. A nice GUI would really go a long way - this looks like a theme from DOS when you perform certain actions (such as format the card). Another thing is while looking at the thumbnails it is a pain to zoom back out. There is no quick way to get back to the picture in original size. Instead you have to zoom out .2x each time. Yow can hold it down, but then it goes to the view where you can see multiple thumbnails on the screen. A .5 or 1 second delay would help this out. The smallest complaint is that the charger does not have a flip out plug, you have to take the charging unit AND the (long) cord with you when you travel.All in all these are tiny complaints for such a great camera. I recommend getting a case and screen protector for it and of course a large SDHC card and extra battery (from experience). Really this is a great camera for a little over $220 (at the time of this review). As with anything make sure you do research and try to get a hands on demo before buying it.