This is a great camera. If it is on sale, take advantage. I only had one issue with this camera. It was not a design flaw. The camera had some contamination that made itself into the lens from assembly. This is not a common problem. The camera still took incredible pictures. I returned this camera and ordered another. Those saying this camera does not take good pictures probably can not use it. I had initially  taken over 2000 pictures with it within a one week period. Constantly turning it off and on. The color and clarity of the photos was incredible . I bought a Nikon S9100 a few weeks earlier than this one and had to return it cause the quality of the pictures were not up to par. Even though the Nikon was an incredible piece of tech the photos just looked flat and not crisp. With a few shots of this LUMIX I was convinced it took incredible pictures. I am a person who is not a professional at photo taking but often am complimented on how my photos look like Post cards. I usually use an upper end Kodak that creates incredible crisp and vibrant pictures. Due to the incredible lens and tech it contains. This Lumix was able to give me the same feel and was allot smaller for when I am not able to lug around a big camera. Remember this is a point and shot camera. It is not a manual camera. It will take pictures people spend thousands on filters and camera gear to accomplish automatically!!  It is small and very powerful.  Unless you need Super Macro or Super Zoom, this camera will work fine. My macro pictures turned out nice. It caught a Bee hovering above flower and caught the wings that were visible without blur!!  It is fast!!  The ISO is also great. If you are thinking about a camera, a Lumix is a great camera. Buy an extra battery. The battery is long lasting but since this camera is so easy to use you might just want to have an extra. I used one while on vacation and was glad I had it. Read the Manual. Info in it will make using it allot easier even though it is simple to use anyway. The camera is a solid 5.