This was my first digital, and a wonderful introduction to the world of digital photography.  I'm sure I've taken more than 10,000 pictures sinceI got my S330 last spring, and I've recommended it to three friends who have bought the same camera.  I routinely put my travel photographs on line, and the reviews have been very positive.  The camera has proven to be durable and reliable, and I'm totally hooked on digital photography.  I kept my old point-and-shoot film camera for the first few months after I went digital, but have since given it away and never missed it.  It's all digital, all the time for me.On the plus size, the camera is very compact (easily fits into a pocket), easy to use, and takes good quality pictures.  It also has a very wide range of manual adjustments to increase the flexibility of your picture-taking, and the controls are very well thought out.  The LCD display is very high quality, bright and sharp.  I carry it with me everywhere, and wind up taking many pictures I would have missed with a larger camera.There are some quirks and weaknesses I do need to point out for this camera.  Color reproduction is uneven, depending on the quality of the light and weather, and on the color and type of subject.  Many of my outdoor photos, particularly those taken on overcast or cloudy days, have a noticeable "cast" to them ... bluish or greenish.  This is despite fiddling with the manual settings for "overcast."  The camera loves red (you should see my pictures of the barns of coastal Maine) but hates green.  I have never been able to take a picture of a lawn or tree that is anything near true to life, again despite attempts to adjust the manual settings.  On bright days, again despite working with the manual settings, highlights are inevitably blown out (although I hear this is a problem with most digital camera).  In addition, the flash is no more than could be expected from a compact camera.  Flash pictures always look ... well ... flashy!When taking digital photographs, you'll tend to take many more pictures than you would with a film camera, and erase the ones you don't like in the camera.  So I'd recommend at least one additional battery (I have two) and 256 MB memory card if you're going to be doing travel photography without access to a computer to download the photos as you go.  (I get about 360 pictures at highest resolution from a 256 MB card,)  More tips:  digital photography is MUCH easier if you have a Mac (it really is as easy as they claim in their ads to download and edit pictures); Adobe's Photoshop Elements 2.0 is incredible (and an incredible bargain), and Shutterfly.com is a great site for ordering prints.I've got my eye on a 5 Megapixel 8x zoom for early next year, but I'll keep my S330 for its compact size and ease of use.