I would be very impressed with this camera.  If it were not now, after 13 months of ownership, simply taking up space in a box in my closet (I keep hoping some recall will take place, but doesn't look that way).  Really too bad, I thought this camera had everything.I am not a big camera user.  I would say I used this camera once or twice a month to take a few pictures of something.  The camera was always stored in a nice padded holder...never dropped, never mishandled.  And yet, six months in, the lens stuck and I received my first E18 error.  After some jiggling, I managed to get it to retract and that was that.  A month later, same problem...same resolution.  This would happen about half the time after that, and a call to Canon told me it was probably dust (every time?) and to use canned air.  I did so, and it would resolve itself.  I skipped using the camera the eleventh and twelth month of ownership (i.e. within warranty), and on the thirteenth (OUT of warranty) the camera REALLY began acting up.  It was always hit and miss as to whether the camera would work at all...eventually the lens would retract and I might get to use it.  In my naivete, I tried new batteries *roll eyes, I was desperate, ok?*  I had two good usages with no problems, then took the camera to Disney World.  First time out of the bag the camera froze, and has remained so since.  Fixing it will cost me almost the price of the camera to start with.Given A70's demand when it came out, I felt lucky to be able to get my hands on one..beware what you wish for, right?  A search for "Canon" and "e18" online absolutely ASTOUNDED me with the huge number of complaints on this issue of the lens sticking.  I wish I'd known this beforehand.  Clearly there is a problem, and while a flawed product is forgivable, Canon's lack of interest and response in taking care of it will keep me from buying a Canon product again.Before buying, I truly urge you to consider and do your research before you buy a Canon product, this is not just occuring on the A70's.  If you are absolutely determined, I highly urge you buy an extended warrenty as these errors are occuring on average within the first 18 months of ownership.