I bought this camera a few weeks ago and absolutely love it. In the interest of full disclosure, I do have to admit that I am not a camera expert. I do, however, have a friend who is a professional photographer and took me out for the day when I bought this to help me learn the ins-and-outs of the features. What I found is that this camera offers a good selection of features for folks that do not aspire to being anything more than amateur photographers. For true hobbyists and professionals, you may want to pay more for a full-featured digital. This camera has some custom settings available, but not to the degree that most enthusiasts are really going to desire. When people complain about these being power-hungry little monsters, they're absolutely correct. My first set of batteries made it through about half of my first day. I thought I was being battery conscience at the time. Now that I've gotten the hang of the camera a bit more though, I found that taking pictures without using the lcd screen makes the batteries last "a lot" longer. So far, I've found that buying the lithium photography batteries are a great investment. As a climber, the batteries are lighter and don't freeze at low temperature.I'm generally happy with the picture quality. Using the highest resolution TIFF setting and printing out to 8X10, you see only very slight pixellation when you hold the photo up at reading distance. I've certainly found them good enough to frame at my house. I cannot begin to tell you how great it is to not have to worry about using film and paying to print all of your photos. Using the USB connection, the picture transfers from my camera are pretty fast. You can pinpoint the ones you want in a matter of moments and pick the best ones to send off for processing, right over the internet. I strongly suggest that you upgrade your SmartMedia card right out of the gate. The 16MB card is not enough to really take many non-compressed images. I bought the 128MB card and that seems to be as good as it gets. I may even buy another card so that I have plenty of room for taking as many photos as I can on a climbing or hiking trip. I also recommend that you purchase some sort of protective case for the camera if you're going to use it much outdoors. As other reviewers have mentioned, due to the quality lens on the camera, the camera body is pretty large, and in need of a bit of protection when packing it.