I spent many days researching compact digitals online before choosing the TL320 and the Panasonic DMC-ZS3. I am not a pro photog but am very particular about my photos. I have used a Casio Exilm EX-P700 for many years and it is, or was an excellent camera that always got it right, until recently it will only focus indoors about 30% of the time. My hope was to find something as good. The TL320 is built exceptionally well, menu system is a breeze, the Amoled screen is unbelievable, strong flash. The smart mode produces perfectly exposed and saturated, very sharp photos as long as it has good light. Anything outside well into dusk has been excellent. Bring it in the house with artificial light and the ISO jumps to 400 producing, in my opinion useless pictures. However switching it to Program mode and setting ISO to 200, contrast 0 ,sharpness 2,and saturation 2 almost always is just superb. ISO on auto almost never jumps above 200 unless real dark in P mode. I have tried every combination of all settings and this is what works best. Flash intensity and EV can be altered to taste and are very responsive, but it seems best as default in all but mentioned. Upping the contrast to 1 will really define things but you need good light or details in the darker areas are less evident. All in all , I just Love this camera and have yet to see any printed (4x6) pictures from any camera rival it. Got the Panasonic at the same time to see what I liked best. The Panny was the only camera that I found to ever get 5 stars in a pro review, and the customer reviews mostly glowed with praise. Panasonic build quality is way below the TL. Feels cheap, very few controls, screen is ok, but not close to the TL. Flash is completely useless. Anything in limited light at all is just junk. No controls to make it work. I put it on a tripod in my living room at night with 2 table lamps in the room and stood the length of my coffee table  from the camera and I could hardly tell it was me! Did the same with the TL and I could count the hairs in my mustache. Outside in good light it does a good job, but identical pictures from both camera's enlarged on my pc showed the TL to have better detail. In summary, I don't know how the DMC-ZS3 gets such great reviews and the TL320 worse and much fewer. Also the battery life is pathetic. The TL is possibly 3 times better.  Maybe people aren't taking Samsung seriously and just not buying, and the pro reviewers seem somewhat biased. Long and short of it, the Panny went back and the TL stayed. Would I recommend this camera? ABSOLUTELY!!