Although this book is similar in layout and much content to the author's T3i guide, owners of the entry-level T3 model need this version, because the features of the two cameras don't completely overlap.  This one is written specifically for the T3, and is easily the best available guide for this camera. A quick glance through this innovative book shows that Busch is the world's best-selling camera guide author for a reason. His books are a cut above the other books, which all repeat what you see in the book packaged with the camera, without going into any depth on how to use them. This one, although compact and portable,  is different, with Busch's trademark friendly introduction to the Canon EOS Rebel T3, accessible to anyone -- novice to veteran -- who wants to learn how to use the camera quickly. In that respect, it's great for beginners. But the author is especially skilled at taking you beyond the basics to explain exactly how to apply the features of the T3 to improve your photographic skills.Individual chapters of the book explore the finer points of exposure, including the use of histograms, understanding the T3's autofocus options, HD movie-making, and creative ways to use lenses and light. There are thirteen chapters in all, each of them dealing with a different aspect of using the EOS T3. Even the general material on topics like f/stops and exposure all relate directly to his camera.This book is especially good for those who feel they are "visually oriented." These folks tend to gravitate to DVD instruction, not realizing that such productions are basically audio programs with images, and aren't really visually oriented at all. With a DVD, you're basically using your ears to listen to a talking head explain the camera, and what you hear may not sink in immediately. Busch's guide takes the right visual approach, using large full-color illustrations accompanied by the text you need to quickly understand what the author is explaining. We've reviewed several of Busch's guides, and, after reading this one, still wonder why all camera guides aren't this good.