I'm very happy with my C663. It does everything I hoped it would do. The size is great for my hands -- bigger than the tiny-tiny cameras, which I have trouble holding. (I'm a guy, but my hands aren't huge. I marvel that people manage those pintsized cams.) The bulge on the right really helps me grip the device.It powers up fast. Batteries last a good long while, and it's nice that it takes AAs. As far as I can tell, Kodak makes the friendliest interfaces of any digicam maker -- you're up and running in no time. I tend to shoot a lot of pix, then put the camera away for a while, then pick it up again. So I love it that Kodak makes this thing so easy to use that I'm not forever going back to the manual to refresh my memory.Movie mode was a big selling point for me. I was waiting until cheap pocket cams came along that could do MPEG4 compression and 30 fps. It was worth the wait. Movie mode on this thing is fine, and very fun. Nothing like a high-quality videocamera, but more than adequate for viewing in a good sized window on a computer. Sound quality is surprisingly good. And, with the MPEG4 compression, I can fit something like a half-hour of video on my 1GB SD card. That's great. I just drag the files off the card onto the Mac, and have a nice time storing them there and/or editing in iMovie, where they behave perfectly well.I can't emphasize enough what a change this makes in video-taking. Very easy to take the camera out on the golf course, for instance -- just tuck it in a pocket and pull it out to shoot your buds taking swings or horsing around. Try that with a traditional videotape camera. Video becomes much more casual and easygoing than we're used to. Being able to take video any time you have a small camera with you is amazing. You wind up with a lot of fun video footage you wouldn't have gotten otherwise -- casual stuff, things that just appealed to you, friends and family. No hauling around the giant camcorder. (And even small videtape cameras look big and complicated next to this thing.) In a year or two quality will be even better, but the quality has now become good enough, at least for my purposes.I'm trying to think of anything I don't like about the C663 and can't come up with much. It's a little plasticky, I guess, but not in a way that bugs me. I'd love to be able to zoom while shooting video. That's about it. The C663 is, IMHO, a terrific little EZ-to-use, point and shoot (and then some) device. All in all, mucho bang for the buck, and god knows it sells for a great price. Hard to beat.