I am an old 35mm and 6x6cm shooter, plus did my own darkroom work years ago.  In 2002 I entered the digital age and purchased an Olympus C2020?, then last year a Canon A570.  The Olympus gave very good images, however, the Canon has become my favorite 'carry everywhere' camera due to it's small size, many features and relatively low cost.  However, I have never been completely happy with the image quality of the Canon and feel the old Olympus yielded better images.My youngest son was married in October and I wanted to do a video of the wedding, as his grandmother was unable to attend.  The video capabilities of the Canon are resolution limited so I decided to look for a camera with HD capability.  I also decided a camera with flash memory would be the most rugged and after some searching found that the Lumix DMC-ZS3 has 720P HD video capability and well as full zoom capability in video mode (this is the only regular digital camera in this price range to offer full zoom capability in the video mode).Many regular flash memory video cameras have a file size limit in HD mode (2GB).  This limits recordings to less than 15 minutes.  To continue recording one must then start another file.  Not so with the Lumix.  Using AVCHDlite recording mode allows uninterrupted video recording (until the SD card is full).  So a 16GB card yields 2hours of continuous 720P HD recording using the AVCHD lite mode.  The latest version of iMovie (Mac app) can read AVCHDlite files so I'm in business.The Lumix does an excellent job with video, yielding superb images (even from the back of a large church) and stereo sound.  Plus the still images are absolutely superb!  Over the last several weeks I have taken quite a few available light shots with the Lumix and the images are noticeably sharper than most other digital images that I've seen.  Plus the color balance is excellent.  I'm guessing that this is primarily a function of the Leica optics and the image processing algorithms.My only negative is the lack of a viewfinder.  I find a viewfinder necessary for fast framing.  I may attempt to design a framing device to attach to the tripod socket.