The new Casio Exilim EX-S100 continues the company's tradition of making super-thin, credit card-sized digital cameras, only this time it has a retractable 3x optical zoom which is just amazing to watch as it comes out and goes in.  Supposedly Casio engineers had to invent a new kind of ceramic lens to make it fit inside the EX-S100's thin (~0.6") body.  It weighs less than 5 oz. even with its proprietary LiIon battery.The image quality on this camera is typical of consumer-grade, cmopact digital cameras, which is to say it's acceptable for everyday shots.  The first reviewer had a good point that this camera is perfect as a second digital camera; I think it's good to have a more powerful camera that gives you more controls and more pixels if you want to do any semi-serious photography (e.g., travel photography).  The EX-S100 is perfect for carrying around and snapping pictures in the park, on the street, or at a party.  Its relatively fast recycle time also makes it easy to use when you are in the mood for candid shots, plus the 2.8X optical zoom helps pull things closer.  (The optical zoom is important here since its 3MP resolution does not allow for a lot of cropping.)The LCD screen on the back is big and bright but the resolution could be better.  This means the image on the LCD is a bit coarse.  This sucks because this camera doesn't have an optical viewfinder.This last point raise an important performance issue: because the camera is light and doesn't have a viewfinder, when you compose your shot through the LCD, be sure to hold the camera very steady!  Don't pinch it hard.  Just relax but keep your arms, wrists and hands steady.  Press the shutter after you insale and as you hold you breath.  Learn to use your thumbs to counter-act the downward force from the press-down on the shutter.  This simple tip should steer you clear of lots of blurry pictures... after you practice.  :)This camera is definitely the hottest digital camera this holiday season, hence the price premium for a 3MP shooter.  Is 3MP enough?  I think it is for most everyday situations.  If you plan to crop a lot later on and still want gorgeous 6x4" or larger prints, you should consider a 4MP or 5MP camera.  But I bet 95% of us consumers don't crop 95+% of the time, and this Exilim is really to be used as a point-and-shoot, so the 3MP is not a real issue.  As I mentioned, the overall picture quality of this "card cam" (I think that's what Casio's calling them now) is pretty good, better than 3MP digital cameras from just a couple years ago.So, if you want an impressive second digital camera or just want a thin and small and stylish camera for everyday photography, the Exilim deserves a serious look.