I've have bought both the Sony P7 and the Canon S230 in the past 3 weeks, and took them both back.  The Minolta F100 blows them away!  If you are considering either of these cameras, be sure to check out the Minolta first.  It way more feature-packed.The Sony had awful software (totally unusable) and the pictures were all fuzzy on the edges of the subjects - like I shot them with a softening filter.  And having to charge the battery inside the camera with the bulky cords was a hassle.The Canon, for a $400 camera, has no date stamp imprint!  You have to apply it with their software!  Sometimes I print right from my printer and don't even involve my PC.  Completely unacceptable.In comparison, the Minolta offers these added features:*It's 4 Megapixels instead of only 3!*A separate LCD display of camera settings and options, as well as having the option to display them in your main LCD too.  Nice if you don't want your view to be cluttered with settings.*I happened to find it alot cheaper online from a reputable major retailer than at the major electronics stores nearby.  It came with an extra 64mb card and leather case for less than either the Sony or Canon!  :-D*It has a movie mode with sound, but you can also attach a voice message to any photo!*I like the CR-V3 batteries.  My Kodak had them and they don't drain as fast as everyone complains they do.  They are not expensive...so just keep an extra handy.*I have Windows XP, and had to download a software version updatefrom minolta.com to be able to transfer my photos, but it went smoothly.*There are all manual settings too, for those that might want to have that control.  My pictures on auto are fantastic.*The only thing I don't like is that you have to have the camera in manual mode to have the date imprint.  I don't really understand why, but it's a tiny tiny detail.  I just put it in that mode but don't change any of the settings it already has - it works just fine.You really need to give this camera a look!  You won't be disappointed!