I am a total beginner and thought this would be a good entry level camera to take more interesting photos than a phone can. I find that the zoom is much better than what I have on my camera but close up pictures are comparable or worse (I have a pretty cheap 8mp camera phone and don't use it that much). Unfortunately, many of the pictures of even slow-moving subjects (like my pet cat) were blurry, even on the modes that were designed to take pictures of moving subjects. This is incredibly frustrating. I don't know if someone more experienced would be able to better control the camera.The projection feature was indeed very cool and quite a bit of fun (the cats were perplexed by the images of themselves lol!) but too blurry to really show off any pictures. It's still a really cool feature and the main reason I chose this camera over others and while I wasn't expecting it to be as sharp as the advertising images, it didn't come even close. Disappointing but still an interesting feature.The reason I ultimately returned it is because it didn't charge in the wall. First I tried the wall charger from the box which is actually designed to charge the fan to cool the projector when in use and so it comes with an extender cord that can plug into the camera (the fan has a circular input, the camera has a USB-like input). This did not work at all, I would see it flash quickly from blue battery icon, which I assume means charge, to the red low battery icon because the extender cord was obviously not well connected. Then I tried plugging the USB cord into a USB charger and it would display a loading bar and then said "Connection Failed." The only place it would charge was my computer. This is inconvenient since I don't leave the computer running all night and it's quite bulky to keep attached to a laptop during the day. For the short time I did charge it, it seemed to have decent battery life. If you keep your computer on all night, I guess this wouldn't be an issue for you.Overall, the camera seems okay and the projection is fun but there were too many issues for me to continue with it.