I've always felt that you get better pictures out of a "normal size camera" as opposed to these tiny ones that fit in your pocket.  While I still feel that way, I must say that so far I am pleased with this Coolpix L22.  I still love my bulkier Sony camera, but let's face it... sometimes you wish you had a small camera that would just slip in your pocket.  I was hesitant to choose one, but after spending some time reading reviews here, I decided to give it a try.There are mixed reviews here but overall I find that it takes pretty nice pictures.  I've always had better luck with digital cameras if you give it some time to focus by holding the shutter half-down before taking the shot.  Sure you can just slam the shutter button down to take a pic, but it seems to me that this method tends to rush the focus, sometimes resulting in a bad pic that otherwise might have been okay.So does this camera ever take bad pics?  Sure it does, and so does my Sony that cost several hundred dollars more.  If you are using automatic settings and you are not a professional photographer, you will always take an occasionally bad picture.  And virtually all cameras have difficulty with focus and grain in low light (unless you use manual settings and know what you are doing.... and have a tripod that would allow you to use proper low light settings without creating a huge blur).  Overall though for what it is and the convenience it offers, I am quite pleased with it (and I can be picky sometimes).  I have taken some of my best pictures with my Sony and also some of my worst.  This camera is no exception.I've also seen some reviewers complain about the fact that it uses AA batteries.  Normally I agree with that too.... I'd rather use a rechargeable battery pack.  Keep a spare always charged and you are good to go.  They usually last much longer than a couple AA batteries too.  HOWEVER, one of the reasons I chose this camera is *because* it uses AA batteries.  We tend to use this camera when we are in the middle of nowhere (i.e. in the forest) and it's nice to know that all you need with you is a pack of batteries that you can buy virtually anywhere.  Our flashlight, GPS and camera all use the same AA batteries which is very convenient for us.