As an owner of the full-featured Olympus C-5050, I was looking for a second smaller camera that would slip in a small purse pocket, or easily hang around my neck for trips to the dog park; something that I would always have with me.  While I love my C-5050, its too large & heavy to carry all of the time.  If you are looking for a supplemental point & shoot camera, and not your sole camera, the Stylus Verve is a good choice.The curved design of the camera was a key selling point for me; it's very comfortable to use with one hand, something I found lacking with other 'flat recatangle' designs.  The TFT screen is exceptionally bright and clear.  Button placement is logical, and it powers up instantly.  The menu system is similar to other Olympus cameras, and fairly extensive, with multiple program modes for indoor, outdoor, nightime, portrait, etc. and color adjustment options not present in the C-series; really more than I'll likely use casually.The optical quality of outdoor/sufficient lighting photos is excellent.  Results when using the flash aren't always great, but that's to be expected in a tiny camera with a tiny flash.  Olympus smartly did offset the flash to the side of the lens opening, which helps minimize redeye.Aside from the limited flash capability, the other downside is having only a 2x optical telephoto, while 3x is generally the bottom for other small cameras.  (There is an additional 2x digital zoom for a total of 4x, but I generally stay away from using digital zoom as it usually degrades the image.  Better to zoom and crop on the PC.)  Aggain, for my intended usage, this is not a big issue; I've got the 'powerhouse' camera for more planned or serious photography.With battery, the camera weighs under 5 oz., about the same as my cell phone.Lastly, a nice feature is small metal plate attached to the back with a hole large enough to accept the metal clamp on many lanyards.  As an alternative, Olympus sells a very nice silver chain neckstap.The flash and limited zoom capability keep me from recommending this as a sole camera for most, as there are better options out there.  However, if you want a second go-everywhere camera that looks great, is comfortable to use, and takes great photos under well-lit conditions, then the Olympus Verve is an excellent choice.