Although you can just pick up this camera and immediately use it to good effect, practice and reading the instructions is a must to fully appreciate all of the functions. I purchased this camera for 3 main reasons- 1) good zoom, 2) good video 3) small size. I took for granted that this camera would produce fine pictures, and that the LCD screen would portray the fine pictures well. So far, no disappointments after 2 months and well over 600 photos and video I'm happy. The camera does more than I want, so I'm still learning the "how to's", and expect that mastering all the features is likened to a full time study, (whereupon, I have no time). Some of the extras: The special effects are fun, the bracketing of different exposures, tints, and colors while taking one photo yields interesting results, the capacity to focus manually may even turn me into an artist, and yes you can zoom in and out while taking video.I like the build quality of the camera. It is heavy for the size, and has a solid, well made feel about it. Not plasticky. For the most part, the design makes sense. There is no viewfinder, but I do not see where one is necessary. The power button is recessed so accidently turning the camera on or off is difficult to do. A selector dial is conveniently placed on top, and the zoom is operated by a toggle surrounding the shutter button, (good and bad). The screen produces beautiful images at a reasonable size, (do purchase some 3" screen protectors). The ricoh battery has good life, and the charger, (which comes with the camera) is easy to use.Aside from what I like about the camera, I'll mention the dislikes: The camera is not the most comfortable to hold; small size vs. big hands. My fingers are far from nimble and I've goofed while taking some important video, (read zoom is near the shutter button). To many customizable settings, or should I say, not enough time to learn about the camera's many featuresthe wifes point of view:For those of us who use magnifying eyeglasses to read, (my wife), and those of us who are not into electronic gadgetry, (my wife), or just choose not to learn, (guess who), this camera is perhaps not such a great choice. The camera is small, hence small, hard to read writing to indicate different functions. The camera is chocked full of options- hit the 'menu' button and a book of choices appear, (not good for someone who just wants to point and shoot, although there is this option should your wife, who needs reading glasses, finds it).All in all, I like the camera. For my purposes, the Ricoh meets all expectations; It takes excellent photos and videos, and is easy to stow. Would I buy it again? Yes