I purchased a $400 Canon auto-focus, image-stabilizer camera about 2 1/2 years ago and hated it from "Day One."  My husband claimed it was "operator error," until he tried changing every setting to see if he could get it to take decent pictures.  We finally gave up and bought a new camera about one month ago: the Nikon S8000 from amazon.com. I couldn't be happier.  The pictures are awesome with or without the telephoto. Unlike my Canon, the Nikon takes nice pictures in low light situations, or when shooting into the sun (with flash turned "on.")  The controls are very intuitive and I like the "scene" feature to tell the camera if you are taking a portrait, landscape, night portrait, indoor shot, beach/snow, sunset, dusk/dawn, night landscape, close-up (such as a picture of a flower), etc.  The only negatives I have found are the placement of the flash (as noted by previous reviewers); it's in an awkward place where some people would normally place their left index finger to hold on to the top of the camera.  I also find that the LCD screen is very hard to see in bright (outdoor) light, even when adjusted to the brightest setting it can be. However, I can live with a few minor inconviences as this camera takes just awesome pictures!  I have always loved Nikon cameras and wished my husband had NEVER talked me into the Canon. After two+ years, I am finally ENJOYING photography again!UPDATE -- JULY 21, 2010:  I just returned from an Alaskan cruise and am still in love with this camera. My pictures are incredible and the various scene selectors were very helpful.  I would encourage anyone purchasing this camera to also buy a second battery (and keep a fully charged second battery on hand at all times).  When you receive the low battery indicator, you only have about one or two more photos you can shoot, so there's not a lot of warning that your battery is low.  I charged up both of my batteries every night while on the cruise (took 500 pictures in seven days) so I was always ready for a full day of sightseeing and picture taking.