This was purchased more than a year ago based on one compelling reason, which was, and still is, its larger small sensor (1/1.6").  The size of its EXR sensor is the same as the F200EXR's sister product, S200EXR, and is still larger than the most current F series product (the F600EXR, which is only 1/2").  It is because of this very reason, I bought one, but had not used it until recent months because I was mostly using my DSLR (Nikon D90).One thing struck me almost immediately was that pictures came out from the F200EXR lacked shadow details and pictures, very often, came out extremely high in contrast.  This puzzled me for a bit and many different settings were tested but still the same result, the pictures were in extreme contrast !  Sharpness, however, was right-on !  Color was rich and tasteful, but still, no details in shaded or shadowed areas, things looked almost completely black in these areas !I had determined to do a little research on this strange behavior.  After some hours spent, finally found a solution!  The trick was that the F200EXR must be using DR800 in Dynamic Range setting, and the ONLY way to get the camera to allow DR800 to be selected, was to NOT to touch the Film Simulation, which means, leaving it permanently set at default (PROVIA/Standard).  Additionally, the EXR mode MUST be set to use DR.  I hadn't spend time looking to further my investigation to why only PROVIA that allows you to choose DR800, but this, ladies and gentleman, was THE magical setting to get all those shadow and shaded areas details back !It made a huge difference in quality when the pictures were compared, and because of this magical setting, the F200EXR is actually a portable photography wonder that produces sharp, delightful pictures with rich dynamic range !  The AF acquisition is fast and accurate, and it is also very surprising that even at ISO1600, pictures are still usable with bearable noise !  One star was knocked off because of its not so stellar VGA resolution only video capability.There was a thought of either putting the F200EXR on eBay or still keeping it, after the aforementioned magical discovery, the camera, all of the sudden, became a instant keeper, and also one that would go wherever it is taken too.