I just took the ZS3 on a weekend outing. I carried the camera in my jeans front pocket (to keep it handy) through two days of hiking, mountains, cold and snow. It performed flawlessly. The 12X zoom with optical stabilization is a huge plus for this little camera. Starting at 25mm and going up I found good use for the entire range. The pictures are beautiful. The HD video is good enough that I felt comfortable leaving my larger HD camcorder at home.The camera has automatic modes that do a respectable job of focus and exposure (though it is still sometimes useful to learn to trick them into giving what you want). But it also has a good range of manual settings that proved valuable in special settings. All are easy to use. The ZS3 has a nice panorama setting that helps you align each sequential shot while keeping the exposure and zoom fixed. (The panorama software included makes stitching the shots together very easy once you load them to your computer).One problem: I used the zoom while taking video in a quiet place and noise from the zoom motor could be heard in the audio. It's a soft noise but noticeable.Another complaint: the included slide show software can make a video movie out of your slides and video, but it doesn't output 16:9 video. Instead it squeezes the images to a narrower aspect ratio, distorting them. Since HD video and 16:9 picture ability are strong points of this camera, it would be good to have software that knows how to render it at the proper aspect ratio!If you buy this camera you should also spring for a larger SD card (at least 16GB). That matches the battery life with memory capacity if you take a lot of video. But speaking of battery life: you don't want to be too far from a wall outlet. It was OK on day hikes and light to moderate use. But with heavier use or longer trips you'd need another battery and memory card.I've carried cameras with me everywhere for decades, beginning with 35mm SLR's and a Halliburton aluminum case full of lenses and gear. There's still a place for high end gear. But portability is valuable. You can carry this one almost anywhere (hint to Panasonic or OEM's: an underwater case for this puppy would put icing on the cake). This one small camera nicely replaces most of the bulky gear I used to carry.