We are using the system for 2 months now, and it does what it promises to do. We have one spycam and one indoor camera which we use to monitor our babysitter when she watches our children.Installation on our PC and setup of the cameras was very easy, indeed plug-and-play. The video stream images is clear although not too sharp. but good enough to recognize people and see what they are doing. It also performs well in low light. In my opinion good enough for a system of this price. Watching live video images on the PC, setting up email or text message alerts, watching recorded images and watching live images on the internet is also quite easy to do.The only part that was more difficult to set up is to make it possible to see live images on the internet in real time ("direct mode" as Logitech calls it). For that to work you need to tinker with your firewall settings, which someone savvy enough with computers should be able to do though, with the firewall manual and help from the Logitech website. Also you need to install Microsoft Silverlight on the PC with which you want to see the cameras remotely over the internet (which can be a problem if you want to do this at your work: installation might not be allowed there).But if this doesn't work you can always use "relay mode" to watch the cameras over the internet, which means that the video stream will be 60 seconds delayed, and you can watch only 3 minutes at a time. Again good enough for me!Note that all cameras need to be plugged in in an electrical outlet, since the camera signals are transmitted via electricity cables. They don't have any wireless cameras (If Logitech ever would add wireless spy cameras for this system, then I would definitely buy one and rate this system 5 stars!). Also their spy cam can only be used once, if you have more of these clocks in your house obviously it will look suspicious. (May be Logitech can add other spy cameras to their lineup?)All in all this is a good and easy system to use, and it does what it promises to do. Highly recommended.