I have used this camera for years and never had a problem. I think the key to its durability is its simplicity. It has a small lens tucked away in a depression behind a sliding door, instead of a fragile mechanical zoom extension. The display screen on the back is small and I believe also sits well back inside a bordered/rimmed cavity. Above all this camera's solid, no-nonsense construction amazes me. I have fallen off a skateboard while holding it, which only left a nice scar of shredded plastic on one of the corners. I have fallen off a bench while standing on it trying to get a picture [lanyard around wrist and everything] and the camera struck the wood bench like a weight on the end of a sling as my right arm impacted. I thought for sure the camera was destroyed, and I thought for sure my right arm was broken, but both camera and bone made it through intact. Though I was a little sore and bruised, the camera body was relatively undamaged. Besides mild resistance on the lens' sliding door and separated plastic shells immediately after the accident, the two front and back shells were easily snapped back together and the camera still worked fine. I thought it wouldn't work afterward but it's been over a year since that incident and it's still taking pictures.Bottom line is this thing is a tank. Also note that I've used it to take photos of waterfalls while being sprayed with water, and left it out in the heat of a car for days/weeks on end. However, there are three things I don't like.1: Button system is a little complicated. You cannot get the most out of this camera without reading all the button combos and functions in the manual.2: Adequate picture quality. I believe this camera was fairly advanced back when it came out but nowadays there are a lot of cameras with better photo quality. The picture gets very grainy beyond about half zoom and pictures in general come out only as good as they need to be. Still, it's pretty good for a 2MP.3: Very blurry and sensitive to motions during the snapshot. The camera has some feature where if you hold the shutter button half way down it better prepares for the photo and lags less, but there is still a noticeable degree of lag between pressing the button and the shutter actually opening. If you expect to get a good shot, your target must be stationary.