I was skeptical about this camera system living up to it's easy installation claim - but it does.  I am truely amazed.I am running Windows XP Media Center over a wireless 802.11g network.  My antivirus and firewall is Trend Micro Internet Security.  The security settings are high because I connect wirelessly.  My DSL connection is through a 2Wire router using DHCP for addressing.  My power to the PC and the camera is through an APC battery backup.  I figured that between the firewall filtering and the battery backup conditioning the power this system would at least need some tweeking.All I needed to do was install the software, plug it all in, and follow a few on screen directions.  It was that easy.  The system uses the electrical lines to communicate so installation is as simple as plugging one adapter into an outlet near the PC and linking it to the PC via the included USB cable and then plugging another adapter near the camera and connecting the two with the included cable (I think it is a standard  RJ45 cable).  The system worked flawlessly right off the bat - even though the adapter that connects to the PC is plugged directly into my UPS.  The PC interface to manage the system is straight forward and intuitive.  I didn't even need to access the help menu to fine tune my preferences.The system I was shipped has the indoor camera rather than the clock camera pictured here.  As mounting options, the indoor camera comes with a swivel mount that must be screwed onto a surface, a suction cup mount and a desk stand. This camera is easily to focus and position.  The biggest drawback for this camera it the excessive status LEDs.  In a business the one red and three green flashing lights could be a plus but at home it is annoying.  Fortunately, you can turn them off in the computer interface but it took two tries and unplugging the camera once for the setting to stick.Lastly, I went to the WiLife internet site and created an account in a few short minutes (maybe 5 tops).  Shortly thereafter, I was watching the camera feed via the internet.  How cool is that.  And this service is free with the camera. One of my dogs is going to be so busted as I am now able to watch and see which one is tearing up the bed while I'm at work.