The Nikon D80 is an excellent camera. How infrequent a product thrills so much after buying it. Bra-frakking-vo Nikon!I have been taking photographs all my life and wanted a top quality near-pro digital SLR. I considered the D200, but liked that the D80 shares the most critical features and core imaging system with the D200 *and* adds in the automatic features for when I want to shoot more rapid spontaneous shots. It really is the best of both worlds.I have used this for a month now and only found a few flaws.Pros:-too numerous to mention. -Battery life is incredible-Color capture is terrific-Sharpness of image terrific-Speed of the system to turn on and be ready to capture is lightning fast-3 shots per second capability. Not the 5 fps of the D200, but c'mon, I am not a war photojournalist. 3fps is fine for me.Cons-First, when using the onboard built in flash, its default setting is for TTL-BL, meaning that it tries to match the overall scene-results in some underexposure that needs correcting in photoshop.-The only other flaw I can find is the availability of some Nikon components. I wanted to add a SB600 flash, this took a few weeks to find in stock. The same is true of some of the Nikon lenses. THis seems to be a problem of Nikon being too popular or a messed up manufacturing system back at HQ. Actually to put on my cynical hat for a moment, my suspicion is that Nikon is restricting some of their new VR lenses to kit lenses for the D200 to keep it from being completely cannibalized by the awesome D80.You will not regret buying this awesome camera.As far as D80 vs D200, here is my advice. Go with D80. You cannot hand the D200 to a non-pro and expect them to take decent photos with it, but with the D80 you really could set it to auto and anyone can take great shots. Also, the optics and performance will rival the D200 for much less price. Better to spend the difference in filters and lenses. Bottom line is, D200 is heavier and has less ease of use features. THe extra features it has, you won't use unless you do photography for a living. If thats the case, you probably need the D2X anyway.