If you're looking for a high-resolution five-megapixel camera withy all of the bells and whistles, then this isn't it. But if you're looking for simple point-and-shoot fun at a bargain price, then this is it... and what a conversation piece it is!Like others here I bought a similar Vivitar Mini Digital Camera at the checkout register at a local CVS Pharmacy for $9.99 last fall... and they're still selling them there. Bought it just for fun, more than anything, just to have a super-small digital camera.A few days later my son and I were out shooting some fall foliage shots (see the user photo here) with our 6-megapixel camera and he suggested that we try it out. We did, and later were quite surprised at how reasonably good the results were. It's highest resolution is only 352x228, and you'll only get about twenty shots in that mode, but if you look at the fall foliage shot that I posted here, you can see that it's pretty respectable, especially for the price. To be honest, the images are about equal my old Casio QV-10 of the mid-1990s, and at a tiny fraction of that camera's ~ $300 cost.Just in case you wonder, this camera appears to be identical or at least quite similar in features ans specifications to the following:* Mini 352x288 USB Keychain Digital Camera (Silver)* PHILIPS P44417P 3in1 Keychain Mini Digital Camera* Feldstein Mini Digital Camera Keychain* Zina 300K Mini Digital Keychain Camera (Silver)* Mini Digital KeyChain Camera w/Imaging Software Suite* Philips Keychain Digital Camera* QVGA 3-IN-1 Multi-functional Digital Camera* Innovage Outdoor Sports Mini Digital CameraThere may be other variations if you search a bit... quite a few of them, in fact.The camera is just about the size of a Zippo lighter, and is quite unsophisticated... were you thinking there would be an LCD for that price? It does come with a proprietary USB cable, and with the installation of the driver from its included CD, was able to transfer the images to the computer (running Windows XP) relatively easy. The included software package was a joke, and lets leave it at that.If you already have a good, high-quality digital camera, yet know people who just have to show off their latest high-megapixel acquisition, then show them some shots taken with your good camera. When they ask what kind of camera you used, whip out one of these Vivitar Mini Digital cameras and just watch their jaw drop... it works every time.Don't take this as a sophisticated digital photo instrument. The best way to use it is like a simple point and shoot camera, and just have fun with it!Subjective Package Ratings:* Size and convenience: 5-stars* Image (considering): 4-stars* Battery life: 2-stars* Imaging software: 1-star* Fun factor: 5-stars* Conversation piece: 5-stars* Anti-photo snob effect: 5-stars* Overall value (weighted): 5-starsSo I'm giving it an overall, highly-weighted 5-star rating... if only for the fun value of it!