This is my third Pentax dSLR, the others are Ds and K10. I was not really planning on getting a K-x, especially after I bought a Panasonic LX3 just 2 months ago. The published reviews suggested that it is too good to pass up; the price may go up as a result of the reviews. So I jumped. For the rest of this review, I will be comparing the K-x to my K10.AF performance is significantly improved. Even though I did not really feel that it was much faster, focus is dead on even in very poor light. There is no difference in AF speed for SDM lenses. Some people reported that they sometimes had problems with the K-x / Tamron 17-50 combination, I have yet seen that. I have to say that improvement in AF alone is enough to justify the upgrade for anyone with a Pentax older than K20.Noise performance is another area that K-x just left K10 in the dust. When both were set to ISO200 and at 400% magnification, darker areas remained smooth for K-x while the K10 was visibly noisy. With the limited experience at ISO6400, I am so far very pleased with K-x noise performance.I like a real optical view finder but I love LV for macro. I don't have any problem with the penta-mirror viewfinder. It might be a tad darker but you will hardly notice.Some people have reported that K-x has a larger dynamic range than K10; however, I cannot confirm that yet. I am hoping that this is indeed the case. It is safe to say that it is at least as good as K10.Before I placed the order, I was actually quite concerned with the lack of AF point indicators in the viewfinder. I think I am OK with this arrangement. It is obviously not as easy as K10 but not a deal breaker. As for the lack of a 2nd e-dial, it is again not a deal breaker since I also have a Ds which does not have a 2nd e-dial either. Weather sealing, not a deal breaker. I cannot justify spending another $500 just to get these features.There are plenty of significant improvements over the K10 to make K-x a keeper. There are just a few minor issues.Shutter/mirror is just as noisy as K10. I prefer the K7 but cannot justify the price difference. Again, it is not a deal breaker.I have relatively large hands and hope that someone will market a battery grip for K-x. I have a battery grip for K10.In summary, I can confirm the findings of many published reviews. It is a very capable camera and perhaps the best value in its market segment. It certainly took sales away from K7 but I think Pentax will increase market share at the expense of competition. BTW, it is also the cheaper dSLR in my collection. Great job Pentax.