This is the 4th and last Fuji I have owned.  First, the good:* I like the picture quality.  Not the greatest, in fact I think since my first Fuji experience this aspect of the products has deteriorated.  But, it's better than many less expensive cameras.Now to the not so great:* The battery life is abysmal.  I needed to take up to 3 sets of batteries per day.  Make sure you have a charger and time to recharge your batteries!* Quibbles on picture quality: I was never able to get it to focus predictably - which was OK, since I just needed to take many pictures of the same scene and throw out the unfocused ones.* I bought this for a trip to Europe.  It lasted 2 weeks, then started to malfunction: It would go into USB mode unpredictably after being turned on.  Within a couple days it was unusable.* I sent it to the Fuji service center in New Jersey.  They said it has a vertical line in the LCD - something that I certainly don't recall and think I would have noticed.  But the kicker was they said it had water damage and was beyond repair.  This is odd, since I never had it near any water.  They wanted half the price of what I paid for it, in order to exchange it.  Unacceptable: I used this thing for 2 weeks, and not roughly at all - I took good care of it.  And it's broken, period.  In addition, I had requested another service in the cover letter I sent, which was completely ignored.  It's almost as if they threw out the letter, ascribed random and spurious reasons for not honoring the one-year warranty, and left it at that.I will not buy a Fujifilm product again.  To be clear: I'm calling the Fuji one year warranty nearly worthless, and those who handle the service process dishonest and nonresponsive at best, and cheaters and liars at worst.PLEASE consider the poor durability of Fuji cameras, as well as non-stellar quality, before paying a high price for one.  I have had three previous (and escalating) bad experiences with Fuji cameras.  Previously I came back because of good picture quality, but in this last experience that, too, was not great.  In my opinion Fuji doesn't value quality - they'd rather just sell as much shoddy product as possible.Bottom line: Unacceptably bad durability, useless service and warranty, overpriced.  Go with the top-notch brands.