Pros:1. Good for point-and-shoot, but that's about it.2. Panoramic mode is REALLY cool. Can be used with either the wide-angle or normal lens.3. Video setting is pretty good. The image is generally stabilized pretty well. It can also be used with either the wide-angle or normal lens (though zooming out of the wide-angle into the normal lens while recording causes the camera to stop recording for a very brief time).4. The docking station is a nice, easy way to charge the battery. Slip it on and let it charge away. Two indicators (one on the camera and one on the docking station) show the charging progress.Cons:1. Camera is absolutely useless in low-light settings without a flash.2. Macro setting is incredibly difficult (and sometimes ineffective).3. For image/movie retrieval, the docking station is an absolute headache. I can only imagine what it's like to use this system with a printer. I'd be tearing my hair out!4. Along those lines, Kodak's "EasyShare" software is anything but. If you plan on using it, prepare for long computer hangs and even lock-ups. It's not reliable and not at all user-friendly. I STILL can't figure out how to pull pictures from the camera to the computer with this useless program. Just stick the memory card into your computer and let Windows' image wizard take care of the rest.5. I've had the camera for only a year, and there's already two functionality problems:First, the lens cover is supposed to slide open when you power up the camera. One out of four times, the lens stays closed when I power it up, and powers itself down a few seconds later. Really gets annoying when you're at a special occasion -- say, a wedding (like I was).Second, video mode is on the blink already. One out of every three videos I record will either not play after processing, or just not process at all. Again, really annoying when you're trying to shoot something neat.Overall, this camera's pretty passable. Unfortunately, I picked it up when it was far more expensive than the $225 it's being sold for now. There's better, cheaper cameras out there. If you can live with the low-light and macro uselessness as a trade-off for the panorama feature, it's not a bad camera.Very dissapointing for the price I paid, though.