What it's not - a camera that will work under any condition and deliver the same photos as a $500 or $1000 camera.However for what it *is* this camera is a five star rating earned over four years using it. I recently bought my second one. Another reviewer mentioned about shake and it's true steady hands are needed especially when using the macro lens. For me the slight delay can be occasionally problematic. Yes it uses a moderate amount of battery - I use nothing but Duracells as I've found they just work better and last longer. With two discs I've taken upwards of 800 photos in a few days. For the cost of the camera it's excellent.Photos taken with this little camera have won fair competitions and one was third in a national magazine contest! I've shot closeups with flowers and action shots of high speed dogs splashing into pools (it caught several mid air for some AWESOME shots!) and concert photos. The photos on my website were taken with this little camera and have gotten many excellent comments including from professional photographers. The cover of my book was shot with this camera. When my first one died I was lost - and in a hurry before a concert trip I really wanted to get photos at. I bought another one used figuring I wouldn't have to replace all the discs before the trip. On that trip I shot photos that have now appeared in a calendar.For a low cost, first digital that is point and shoot sometimes on the run this is an excellent camera. Yes it has limitations next to the more expensive and versatile cameras but seeing is believing and there's hundreds of shots taken with this  that have appeared in books, magazines and calendars. Will I upgrade to another camera? Yes eventually. But I'll sure keep this one handy and maybe a spare too.I really can't say enough good about it. Excellent value, easy to stick in a coat pocket and go with. If you're looking for something for mostly outdoor shooting or some indoor use - you can't go wrong with it. If you have a good eye for light and photo structure you can get some excellent shots with it! If you're looking for something to be 100 feet away and zoom up to take a head shot of a person - in darkened conditions - may not be your best choice.For a low cost, functional, results producing camera this one has absolutely earned a five star rating. I'd give it 6 if it allowed.