I beg to differ with all the raving reviews.  There is something very wrong either with this camera's light metering in `auto' mode or its ability to register a wide range of tones - or both. It will work acceptably in diffused light, i.e. with an overcast sky.  But try to shoot people in bright sunlight and you get pictures that are far too contrasty: Eyebrows, nose and chin shadows come out far too pronounced. Things are worse if there is a somewhat light background, like lots of blue sky or any non-dark wall.  The system goes bezerk and yields pictures where the background is `burned out' while your darling spouse is a dark silhouette. The same happens if your son happens to wear a white T-shirt and you attempt to shoot a waist-up portrait: his face will come out underexposed.There are ways to overcome such problems (to a degree!): Switch to manual mode. But who really buys a point-and-shoot camera to fiddle with manual settings? If to get acceptable pictures I have to exercise `creative control' I might as well stick to my old Minolta Maxxum. The result will not only be acceptable but PERFECT pictures.But back to the S200 Elph. Another criticism is that parallax correction is way out: Unless you're shooting landscapes there's very little in common between what you see through the viewfinder and what the lens sees. Of course you can always discard that and compose through the camera's small LCD back panel - but try seeing anything clearly there in sunlight!Two minor negative points concern the flash (you get more `red eye' pictures than usual in point-and-shoot cameras) and the Elph's accompanying software. This is annoyingly basic. As an example, if you `correct' a picture's contrast (or colour or brightness) and save it over the original you lose all camera settings data (including date/time of shooting).Much has been said about the Elph's features. It is certainly impressive that so many are crammed in a camera this small. I am, however, unimpressed with the result. Any film-camera in the S200 Elph's price range will yield vastly superior pictures in auto-mode. All the features in the world cannot hide that.