All that the reviewers here and elsewhere have said about this camera is true. It's a good camera. I bought this as a replacement for the no-longer available Pentax Optio S.Unfortunately, it's not as good as the Optio S. Here are the reasons:THE IMAGE QUALITY ISN'T AS GOOD as the 3.2 megapixel Optio S. Even when I set the Casio Exilim EXZ55 at +2 sharpness, it still isn't as sharp as the Optio S. It's interesting, too, that Pentax makes the lens for this camera, and is the same lens (5.8-17.4mm Pentax SMC) as the one in the Optio S...by name only?THE SETTINGS IN THE EXZ55 WON'T TAKE: The contrast, saturation, sharpness, and flash on/off can be set, but when you turn the power off and then back on again, the above settings are forgotten....everything's back to zero, and the flash is back on. When it won't keep these settings I mentioned, it to me is THE major flaw in the design. The settings are remembered if you go to the MY BEST SHOT mode.The EXZ55 is a handsome camera; about equal in the good looks department to the Optio S. It's a little bit bigger than the classic Optio S, so it won't fit inside an Altoids tin like the Optio S. Oh well.Now for the positive attributes of the EXZ55 that the other reviewers perhaps overlooked: The handling is very good. It's not too small that it might be awkward for bigger hands. I have small hands, and this 3.4" x 2.3" camera is just the right size. The controls are layed out much better than the Optio S, and one doesn't need magnifying glasses. The battery/SD card door is metal-hinged, and has a spring tensioner. Much better than the Optio S' plastic hinge! Oh, and the colors from this camera are absolutely stunning.Finally, with a 1 gigabyte SD card + internal memory, the shot capacity is 434. Very nice. This camera isn't perfect. The lack of memory for the settings I mentioned, and the so-so image quality is keeping it from becoming a classic like the Optio S. All its other great features that everyone's been raving about is what makes it in my recommendation column.