This is a camera to avoid.I ended up returning it after it proved useless to take photos.Reasons -QUALITY - for 14mp  - the pictures are not very good. when I zoom on a pic a little, I see pixels.  I had a 5mp that took far better pics.Many times it took long time to decide to take a photo. I missed many photos I wanted to take.I was trying to take outside portraits and it would take so long to take a pic sometimes they the subjects thought I had taken many pics, and would walk away. ( they see me pressing the take picture button many times)Manual is incomplete. Did not explain some details, like what was the difference between the two same resolutions - one with a star next it and the one with no star.4320x3240*  and4320x3240The white balance it incredibly slow, poor.  Many times, I would be taking pics outside, and turn camera off subject for few seconds, and then point camera back and the previes screen is all white , like I had pointed it at the son. It would take an unacceptable amount of time to adjust to the "new " lighting conditions.The auto flash can be retarded at times. (even when my fingers do not cover up the poorly placed light sensor and flash. ) Many times the flash would go off on clear sunny days.The flash can take a while to recycle, then another picture can be taken.The color balance is poor. I would take pics and the colors would be off .I have used other Nikon's, Canon and Kodak cameras before, and this is the worst one I have ever used. Yet its specs were the "best"Camera takes poor motion pictures . The ones where the subject is moving while the picture is taken.Battery life is not very long when taking pics.Charging jack on the bottom of camera a little awkward to get to.Menus did not come up consistently during use. Frequently I had to "fight " with the camera to get if to pull up the correct menu.The auto scene selector would not pick the correct scene type most of the time.Microphone on video recordings was very poor quality , and seemed to be placed where your hand holds camera on left to stabilize while using cameraI think idiots designed this camera.  Way to go Nikon.And having Nikon customer service tell me that I must buy a $1000 camera to take photos is an insult, when I know a crappy product then I use one.