I have had my FD200 for about 2 weeks and generally I'm very happy with it.  I have used an older Mavica floppy only based camera in the past.  The floppies are convenient for moving the data to different computers, but the capacity is low and they are slow.  With the FD200 (and FD100), Sony has created the best of multiple worlds.  Using a Memory Stick allows much faster picture storage and the ability to save a much larger number of photos, and the USB connection allows fast downloading of photos to computers that have USB.  Retaining the floppy drive gives the flexibility to download photos to computers that don't have the USB capability.  Although I will normally use the USB connection when I'm at home, the floppy capability has already come in handy.  Picture quality is just fine, and the basic operations of the camera are easy to use and for the most part self explanitory.  Some of the menu items take a little effort to learn all that can be done with the camera.  The FD200 is one of the larger digital cameras so if you are looking for a camera that you can almost hide in your hand, this is not the camera for you.  In my case, the larger size is an advantage.  There are a couple of items that I wish were different.  The strobe is rather weak, and really only useful to around 10 feet (maybe less).  There is no ability to connect an external flash unit.  At close range, it's overpowering and I find that I partially cover the flash with my finger to block some of the light.  The older Mavica camera I had used had a 10X optical zoom, and Sony has put only a 3X optical zoom on the FD200 and FD100.  I really wish that the FD200 had a better optical zoom.  There are very little in the way of manual controls for exposure.  If you really want to be able to engineer your photos, look for something else.  In my case, for "formal" photography I will generally use a film camera which has full manual controls if I want to use them.  Most of my use of the digital camera will be for taking photos that will either go onto a web page or get E-Mailed.  The FD200 does a fine job for those purposes.  One of the reasons that I wanted the floppy capability is that I often go to remote locations where I have an unknown (often old) computer to which I need to download photos.  This past week I was at a firecamp (for a brush fire) and the computer I needed to download the photos to had a USB port, but Windows 95 wont recognize it, so I was unable to use the USB.  Because of the floppy drive, I was able to download the photos to the computer before I returned home.  Recommended if you need the floppy capability.