I have used a variety of 35 mm cameras over the years, from SLRs to portables.  My previous digital camera, a 3 megapixel HP 720, was too large to fit in a pocket.  So I bought this for the wife for Christmas.  We've been using it for almost 5 months now.It is VERY portable.  Luckily, I haven't had any of the problems some of the other reviewers have experienced (broken lens cover).  I did have the experience of the date reseting, but it hasn't happened recently (maybe it doesn't really happen on battery removal, but when you run the battery to empty).In my experience the photos are very good.  I regularly blow them up to 8x10 on our printer.  But I agree there's no point in using the highest resolution, maybe because we're running into the optical limitations of the lens.The weakest part of the camera so far is the flash.  Digital cameras don't have nearly the contrast ratio of film, so it's important to avoid things such as shadows on faces for pictures in bright sunlight.  In the past I've relied on the flash fill to take care of that.  But with this camera, I've had little luck with that option -- the flash doesn't seem to be powerful enough to fill in those shadows.  Most I can fix on the computer, but it's a bit annoying, nonetheless.I have used the video function on several occasions.  As with my HP, the resolution isn't nearly as good as my video camera.  But the audio is very good.  The unlimited time is a nice option.  And it is HUGELY more convenient.  Plugging it into the TV with the included cable to watch my daughter's musical performance that I had recorded a few minutes earlier blew grandma's mind!All in all, I think this is a good camera.  If you have the time to wait for the next generation of tiny digital cameras, that may be a wise option.  But for now, I like the size and convenience of this camera.  It slips into my pocket for almost any outing (but make sure the battery is charged!), and you're ready to go!UPDATE: After using this camera for 3 years, I gve it back to the wife and bought myself a digital SLR (Nikon D50).  The Olympus is still working well.  In fact I bought the wife a second battery.  She carries with her everywhere in her purse and takes it aout a couple of times a month.  The old photos I have taken are not as good as my new Nikon, but still very good.  I found this to be a very good point and shoot camera!