---At this point, I'm still trying to get use to my new camera.  But, it's not as easy as I thoughtit would be.  Without the dock to use when not in use, makes it harder to use continuously.  If it wasn't for the extra battery I bought to go along with it, the evening pictures I took wouldn't have been here from our last camping trip. It's disapointing to have to change batteries every 8 hours when a dock would have kept the camera ready for use for longer time.---It's also disappointing for me to not be able to take more pictures before having to change the battery.  But, for the price I paid, that will have to be something I'll have to get use to. Let me explain!!  When you are riding on a back of a motorcycle, you must have a camera that will react to the movement and the shots that you are taking. Sometimes you will go longer than 8 hours and other times itcould be a 300 mile trip and take more than 220 pictures at a time. But if the battery goes dead before that it's a bit hard to change the battery as you move down the highway.  My other camera I had for 3 years got broke.  Spent money to get it fixed, it came back and was terrible.Don't have any idea what I was doing wrong.  So this was my next choice and it's really going to take patiences to get it to do what I want it to do and when.  When you switch like this from one to another, you will lose something and what I lost was something I came to expect. Which is what I wanted this camera to do.---As for the camera itself, I love it. Traveling as we do, it fits in my hand quite nicely and can take some great shots moving or sitting still.  I can't say that I'm disapoointed in that part of it at all. I don't take pictures of just one thing and it falls right in there with what I'm doing at the time. I'm not a pro, but some of my pictures could be used as such, that I have gotten from this camera. It's light weight and has the settings that are needed to accomplish what ever you are wanting to do.---As for the other - it will take time to get use to and I will conquer that as I go along.  Then, I'll be a happy biker and photgrapher again!!