This camera is magnificent.  I puchased this from BestBuy and have been loving it ever since!  Mine came with a 16 MB memory stick... A memory stick is the type of media that the camera uses to store the pictures.  Other cameras use media like compactflash, etc.  Memory sticks are definately the way to go however.  Most new sony products are starting to have memory stick readers (even the televisions/cable boxes!), so you can have picture/slide shows!  Its a great time to join the sony family.Now, about the camera... This camera is top notch!  Honestly, I love just about every feature this camera offers!  I ordered mine with the sony Cybershot starter kit which came with a really nice camera bag, a memory stick holder and an extra infolithium battery!The camera uses rechargable infolithium battery packs (which are light and tiny!!) and charge inside the camera!  Simply plug in the camera, and it charges...and MUCH quicker that the other clunkier sony's charge the standard batteries.  I do wish that they offered an external battery charger though, but perhaps they will in the future...The LCD display is fantastic in low light, bright light, sunlight, etc.  Camera is easy to operate, lasts long on each battery charge (at LEAST an hour being on...)  The quality is superb.  The side has a spring loaded door which has the battery and memory stick behind it.  If the door swings open by mistake (which hasn't happened to me yet), the battery is held in by a strong clip, and the memory stick is "clicked" into the slot.  Top notch design!  Even on the bottom, the tripod mount is metal unlike other cheap cameras with plastic mounts (which strip easily!)...I highly recommend you purchase this camera.  You will love it as a great point and shoot camera with enough options to have fun with (movies with sound, and camera effects!)  The 2 Megapixel resolution is perfect.  4x6's are crystal clear, and 8x10's look quite nice.  Sure you could get 3, 4, or even 5 megapixel cameras, but why waste the money and need larger media for all that extra space the pictures take when for normal printouts of 4x6, 2 megapixels works just fine?  Hopefully this review helps those of you who were sinking in a sea of camera choices like I was.  You won't regret purchasing this camera.  You'll fall in love the second you turn it on.