I bought this camera used on eBay.  Hence, this is not a verified Amazon review.  This is a terrific camera that is incredibly easy to use.  I bought it because I wanted a full size sensor without the bulk of a DSLR.  The camera can be used as a point and shoot, but I do not recommend that. Apart from amazing image quality, where the camera really shines is in the full manual controls that are very easy and fast to adjust.  Shutter and aperture are dials on top.  ISO and white balance each have a dedicated button, with another button to adjust the AF mode.  You can also switch to macro with one button.  I don't know why mass market DSLR cameras have such complicated controls by comparison.  Amateur photographers should not be afraid of this camera.The image quality is amazing, especially in RAW.  (However, printing RAW files is expensive, and cannot be done at your local Costco, so you may have to use the jpeg super fine setting for snap shots.)  The colors on the jpeg formatted photos are a little too saturated, and you do miss a lot of detail.  I use a larger a larger memory card and shoot in RAW and jpeg so I have a choice of what to use.I look at this camera as a bargain M9.  You get the nearly silent shutter, the full size sensor, the high-quality build, and Leica optics for thousands less.  The X1 is also small enough to be carried on your wrist and used like a point and shoot.  If you know how to use this camera and appreciate what you are getting, it is a bargain.  Also, don't be afraid to buy a used "made in Germany" Leica that has been well cared for.I have not compared the X1 to the Fuji X100 or Sony NEX.  The Fuji is close enough in price to a gently used X1, so I thought the X1 was the better choice.  The Sony NEX has a full size sensor and is cheaper, but I am not a fan of Sony cameras.  The Leica is simply a pleasure to use.  Try it, you'll like it.N.B. this is not a camera for photographing sports or kids doing funny things, because the AF is not very fast.  There are super zooms and DSLRs for well under $800 that perfect for that.  Fuji and Panasonic/Leica make great super zooms.  For an entry level DSLR, you really can't go wrong with a Nikon D3100 or a Canon EOS t2i.