My wife and I were looking at cameras last year and could not find anything.  We even looked at last year's version of this camera and were not impressed with it at all.  It was slow, could not focus properly with the zoom out, and the picture quality was not good.  But I have to say that this year's version (ZS3) is one terrific little camera.After taking our Disney Vacation and staying with our old camera (Sony DSC-V1), we really wish this camera would have been around last year.  The Sony is actually a great camera for its time but just doesn't cut it anymore.  I considered the Fuji EXR, Canon PowerShot SX200IS, and a few Casio & Sony models.I refuse to purchase anything from Sony that requires me to buy their useless memory sticks, Casio picture quality needs a lot of work, and Fuji was too slow in simple things like deleting a photo.  THE FUJI EXR TAKES AMAZING PICTURES!!!  But after looking around I preferred a bigger zoom and nice video recording.  Video does not replace a quality camcorder but does quite nicely.  Plus I like the mini-HDMI out the Panasonice has.Panasonic took last years model and improved or corrected almost everything.  The sport mode captures action images better than some dSLR cameras.  The burst functions are incredible.  The zoom works really well and focuses nicely.  Picture quality is great as well.  I was trying to choose between this camera and the Canon.  Both great cameras for sure.  The one thing that made me go with the Panasonic was the ease of use.  My wife can not be bothered with making settings changes.  The menu and navigation with this camera is a snap.  Although, if you are somebody that wants manual settings controls, this is not the camera for you.No camera this size is going to do everything; but this is a perfect little camera that is easy to carry anywhere and can catch a number of different pictures in a number of different settings.It is what it is; a great and easy to use point & shoot that has a great lens and zoom that will take great auto pictures in most conditions.