I have a Panasonic DMC-TZ1 that I've used extensively on vacation, and it takes great pictures; it's very durable and reliable as well. I decided that when we took our vacation this year, I wanted to take HD videos of our destination (Colorado mountains).After reading various reviews and comparing features of the newer ZS series, I decided that the DMC-ZS3 was the one for me. It possesses the 12X optical zoom and AVCHD video capability, but it's at a lower price point than the fully-loaded (or perhaps a bit overloaded) ZS7. I could not be more pleased.The pictures are fantastic - from the very useful wide-angle (that the TZ1 did not possess) to the amazing video and sound quality of AVCHD (the movies look fantastic on our plasma). While the ZS3 does not have many of the manual settings of its big brother, the ZS7, the scene modes work very well and are easy to access.The build quality is very good - it feels solid in the hand while presenting a much smaller footprint than my old ZS1 (it took a bit of getting used to). This smaller size makes it fairly pocketable (if you have larger pockets), but I use a small camera case.Our friends were stunned at the video quality (720p AVCHD Lite) that this little camera produces. One drawback might be that the AVCHD format is rather difficult to edit. It is my understanding that Windows 7 Live Essentials (a free add-on for Win 7) can do it, and the newer versions of Sony Vegas and Adobe Premiere/Essentials can be used as well; I have not tried any editing yet myself.One other caveat: Panasonic has begun implementing "battery chipping" - many of their cameras will only accept genuine Panasonic batteries. While my camera has the newer firmware update that requires the OEM batteries, I was able to find "guaranteed compatible" aftermarket batteries on eBay for a fraction of the cost, and they do work.Overall, this fantastic little unit is my third Panasonic camera, and I continue to be impressed with their digital photo products. My next purchase will likely be their full-sized point-and-shoot flagship, the DMC-FZ100. Maybe Santa will bring it!