I used this camera for a week and it is going to be returned.Like MP3 players, we have to send a loud and clear message to portable electronics manufactures we want them to stop using proprietary connections for data transfers.  For example, why would anyone release a camera with a non-standard connection to connect to your computer?  Also, why would anyone release a camera now which would not allow you to transfer photos via a drive letter?  The manual with the camera explains that you can buy a smaller docking piece that goes between the camera and a regular USB cable but it did not come with the camera.USB and mini USB have been out long enough that Kodak should have known better to include a proprietary connection for data and power.  I should be able to bring the camera on a trip and not worry about bringing the large docking station or special adaptor so that it will connect to another computer via USB.The good news is the battery and memory card are easy to find a standalone charger and memory reader for but the camera should be able to handle this for you without the additional devices.Transferring files: To make matters worse, once you hook up the camera with the bulky circular docking station, you then expect a drive letter to pop up so you can start transferring files.  Nope, you must install the Kodak bloatware software to move your images and videos over.  I understand why Kodak does this, they want you to use their software so you also might use their print/share service and generate more income but at least give me the option to transfer files with a drive letter (same goes for portable MP3 players).If you are looking for a portable camera with a good video mode don't look here.  First of all it produces .MOV files instead of .MPG files.  The videos are grainy and choppy.  Sure, you can't expect DVD quality video from a standalone camera but I have seen .MPG files taken with the current Canon in this price range that are stunning.  I hear Kodak makes a small camera with a good video mode but this is not it.  .MOV files might be the standard on a MAC but on the PC side (95% of the computer users out there) most editors and video utilities are geared towards .MPG files more than .MOV files.If all of the above does not matter to you this camera takes nice looking pictures and has a lot of user settings.  It got great battery life one night that I used the flash for at least 50 pictures.Send Kodak a message that you won't stand for having to use their software to transfer images (as opposed to a drive letter) and that you want a real USB connection on the camera.