I purchased this camera after deciding to upgrade from my 3.2 megapixel sony cybershot. I was an inexperienced digicam buyer, as the first one had been a gift, and thought it best to purchase at a photography store. While in the store, I noticed the excess of noise on the LCD screen, which I had never experienced with my Sony. I, nonetheless, purchased it anyway after the test photos I snapped appeared to be clear on the LCD screen. I used the camera the next day at the aquarium and was very displeased to see that the majority of my photos were grainy, and those which had acceptable quality were only the photos that I had snapped at close range.I kept the camera figuring that I was not accustomed to the features and was therefore using the incorrect settings to get the picture quality I wanted but, at every setting, I got the same result. Even the pictures taken at "fine" setting were grainy. The camera's performance was abysmal in low-light situations, something that my 3.2mp Sony always seemed to adjust wonderfully to. Almost every low light photo I've taken with this camera has been soft and blurry. Amazingly, the photos taken in situations where all lights were turned off using only flash assist were pretty clearly defined.In the end, I found that I got the best results (and print quality) when I took very large photos at ISO 50 and then resized them to be smaller on my PC. Shrunken photos were actually very useable.There are some pros to this camera, despite its many shortcomings:1. It is very compact. I loved having a camera that fit nicely into my pockets or purse for those situations when I wanted to get a shot here or there but did not want to have a bulky camera in tow.2. The battery life is amazing. There were days when I snapped literally hundreds of photos before losing power. The change from the 50 photo battery life of my Sony was a nice improvement.3. The quality of the video mode is better than I expected, and the videos are already in web format which makes them easier for sharing.4. The camera dock not only makes uploading photos to your computer a dream, but saves you money on batteries.My overall opinion: If you are looking for a camera to just have fun with, maybe share a few pics on the web, then this is great.If you are looking for a camera to shoot important events, vacations, parties, etc, don't get this one.