I'm a neophyte photographer that has been shooting DLSR for a year now.  To be fair, I'm more of a technocrat than an artist; that is, I know the bells and whistles of this camera, and the D40 and D80 that I own.  It's truly easier to be a technocrat than an artist.I would strongly against recommending this camera as the first DSLR for anyone.  The exception being experienced film shooters.  My reason being the power of this camera can only be appreciated by those that need the features that comes with this puppy.  If you're a pro, you can stop reading now.  If you're considering upgrading to this from another DSLR or is a point and shoot person with interest for photography, read on...Where to I begin?  POW! 6 fps, way better metering than my D80, solid and stable in the hands, ADR with smooth contrast, Nikon finger ergonomics on the grip and buttons, 900K pixel 3" LCD (with impact resistence), 1000+ shots on a single charge (EN-EL3e), shoot at ISO1600+ (with optional high ISO noise reduction) and the magic EXPEED processor that renders gorgeous images.  It's much easier to get better pictures with D300.I've since added the MB-D10 battery grip to up the shooting to 8fps, and yes the Nikon grip is solid and connects perfectly to the D300 body.  It shoots THAT much faster, but that's another story (and another review).For $1700 street price, forget everything else if you know you need something like this and go for it.Downside? Weight. Moving to this body from a backup or lower end DSLR, you'll need to deal with the extra weight and probably want to invest in a better strap.  Add on a battery grip and a pro level lens, and we're talking about lugging a backpack or good size camera bag around.  It ain't all that sexy when you're hiking multiple miles with easily 4-5lbs with basic body and lens combo.  On the note of downside with weight, if you don't give a damn about weight and got the money, want to shoot in low light/high ISO, and shoot a lot of sports, go for the D3 and be done with it already.The D300 is spectacular.  It's truly a solid and gorgeous product with great ergonomics for photographers, cutting-edge/pack leading features, great picture rendering, and Nikon's reliability in construction.  Go out and buy one!