Ok, I did a lot of research before buying a camera. I wanted a good compact camera that had decent features, but still worked well. After finding this is looked really nice. But I wanted to distinguish it from others. Like say.. the nikon with the OLED touch display. This one only has the WVGA touch display. Well, after handling them both at a local Best Buy, there is no competition on the screens.The samsung is so much better! Possibly the best touch display, or display in general on a compact camera! It was so quick, responsive and the colors were fantastic. The touch was just as good as the nikon but it also has the accelerometer to go through the pics. Plus you can do stuff like draw an X on the screen to delete them.  Its just so well done.The camera design itself also looks great. It feels strong, sturdy, comfortable. They didn't overlook anything. Theyeven have a slight angle so you can set it down to take self portraits. The shutter button is slightly tilted for better grip.  The screen also covers the whole back except a small spot with grips for your right hand to hold it.The lens is solid too. It takes good photos and the 7x zoom is wonderful.  I like the little daVinci inspired design is cool too. It shows what the lens is by reflection when the lens is extended.  I am a huge fan of Nikon, and this is my first non nikon. But after a lot of researching, and now using, I see why everyone said the schneider kruzach lenses were better than the Nikkor.What is also good to note, is that sure it has a lot of good hardware, but how is the software!?  Well.. its wonderful.  Its just he little things. It has motion tracking so once it focuses it will follow it and snap the photo when the object stops.  It has a good timer, that even adds the motion tracking for a great feature! You set the timer, then go and join the photo, and when everyone stops moving, it will take the picture.  One of my favorite things, that I always had problems with before, was focusing on a obscure part of the photo. You can actually tap on the screen what you want to focus on, and it will!I use a mac, so I don't use anything other than aperture for importing so that will depend on your computer.Overall! This is a great camera. Stand up software, and hardware that can't be beat. Samsung has been iffy for a while especially in the camera area, but after this new line up, they are back in the game. And they are in it to win.