1. Batteries: At first I thought my camera was defective because I put the batteries in that were provided in the pack and my camera kept shutting off..Then I charged the batteries and it was fine.. Oops!! I traveled to Italy and took over 250 photos over 4 days with the Ni-MH batteries recommended before having to change batteries!2. Great for point and shoot! When I take pictures, I dont want a heavy camera or one that has to be held with 2 hands to get steady photos..This camera takes great pictures just holding it one-handed. With the wrist strap, it's even easy to switch features on the top of the camera with the same hand you're holding the camera with!3. 2.5" LCD Screen?! AMAAAAZING! Now I look at all the 1.7"s and laugh :).. Screen is VERY bright and again easy for point and shoot. One setting even puts a little chart in the corner of the screen for you to monitor the light on the object you're taking a picture of. I've seen some reviews about how the screen is kind of blurry, however, you'll have a better idea if you zoom in. Another great feature on the screen is the "Blur Alert" which notifies you with a small green(=good), yellow or red(=blurry!) hand.4. So many setting options!Auto, Landscape, and Close-up shooting modes, plus 14 additional preset Scene modesAuto is great for all times.. Close-up took EXTREMELY FOCUSED pictures of my new engagement ring (blurred out the background, it was so in focus!!) Night portrait setting takes great pictures when it's evening time and you want a picture of you and also something behind you.. As long as the person holding the camera has a steady hand, this takes great pictures! Manner/museum setting is nice because it doesnt make any noises as you take the photo and again as long as you have a steady hand while taking photos in decent light (since the flash doesnt go off, you wont get bright pictures..obviously), pictures turn out great. Self portrait setting is really great for taking pictures of yourself--havent had a blurry self-portrait yet! Backlight setting is really good for when there is light behind a subject and you want the subject to be bright as well. Then you can even set the camera to take photos in black and white or sepia.5. 3x optical zoom is perfect.. I dont really use the digital zoom because it begins to distort the photoDownfalls:1. Takes a good 5 seconds from the time you turn on until you can take a photo--so it isnt good if you're an impulse picture taker :)2. Internal memory not enough..make sure you buy a memory card. I bought a 1 Gig and at 3.1 MP it takes over 900 pictures which is great because if I want to take at the 6 MP it offers, I still get about 500 photos!