Late last month I had the good fortune to try the Sony Alpha 700 camera at Sony's Photo Plus East booth. I found the camera easy to use, with the controls well-laid out from an ergonomic perspective. I was surprised that I could activate autofocusing via my eye movement. I was also quite impressed with the camera's built-in image stabilizer. And yet, what impressed me most was how well the camera performed with two Zeiss lenses I borrowed; a zoom lens and the Zeiss 85mm f1.4 Planar (Both lenses, along with the 135mm Sonnar, are built in Japan by Sony using not only Zeiss designs, but also stringent Zeiss quality control. As an aside, I heard incorrectly from a Sony representative that Zeiss doesn't build its own lenses, but allows others to manufacture them under the Zeiss name. This is an incorrect statement since Zeiss builds several lenses for its ZM rangefinder camera system and the Hasselblad V series medium format cameras at its Oberkochen, Germany factory.). Both lenses produced crisp, high contrast images of the kind I've come to expect from Zeiss lenses, having used both discontinued Contax/Yashica SLR Zeiss lenses and Zeiss Ikon ZM rangefinder Zeiss lenses recently.The Sony Alpha 700 is a true professional grade digital SLR, built to similar exacting standards as those from its key competitors; Canon and Nikon. While the camera reminds me most of an updgraded version of late, lamented Minolta Maxxum flagship professional digital SLR cameras, there are ample new features built within the camera that demonstrate Sony's commitment to technical innovation, beginning with the built-in image stabilizer. Therefore, this new digital SLR will appeal to those who are either advanced amateur or professional photographers, especially those who are familiar with the Minolta Maxxum system (However, I predict that Sony's new innovations, including its autofocusing Zeiss lenses, will draw some interest from photographers who might otherwise consider only Canon or Nikon digital SLRs.). Believe the hype about this camera which you may have read in Popular Photography, American Photo or Shutterbug. It is hype that is indeed well-earned.