This is a very very good camera for anyone considering a digital SLR.  Especially considering the price.  If you already own Pentax lenses, this should be an easy decision.This is my first digital SLR.  I've had Pentax and Sony digital point-and-shoot type cameras and Nikon Coolpix 8700.  Also, I've been using Pentax SLRs for past 20 years.Others have already detailed many reasons to buy this camera and dpreview has done a good job comparing the image qualities, but I should highlight the following advantages of ist DS:1.  Flexible power source.  ist DS can use AA batteries.  I use NiMH rechargeable AA batteries ... about $10 for 4 of them compared to $50 for proprietary batteries for Canon or Nikon SLRs.  But the fact that the camera can use AA batteries is great when I'm traveling.  Also, the fact that external flash light uses AA batteries make it easy in that you only need to worry about one type of batteries.2.  Sturdy and compact design.  The camera simply feels solid in my hands.3.  Good image quality.  Some have said and documented that the JPEG image isn't as good as Nikon or Canon because of the weap processing power within the camera.  BUT, if that's the concern, shoot in RAW format and use your computer to process the images.  If you are the type that don't want to bother with doing that much work, you probably won't notice the difference in JPEG image between ist DS and Nikons or Canons anyway.4.  Easy controls.  Controls are intuitive and easy to access/learn.  You won't need a manual to learn the controls.  (In contrast, Nikon Coolpix 8700's controls were simply difficult.  Really needed the manual for the camera.)5.  SD card rather than using Compact Flash card.  I like it because SD card is much more compact and easy to move it from the camera to the computer ... any computers.The 18-55 mm kit lens is worth it for the price.  If you buy a package, the price of the lens comes out to be under $100.  I think Pentax is planning on introducing 12~24 mm lens in about a year.