As a professional wedding photographer in today's marketplace it is difficult to keep pace with technological improvements and remain profitable.  Not many of us can afford to replace a $5,000- $8,000 camera annually.I have used Nikon Cameras since the NIKON F was introduced.  We use multiple photographers in my wedding business and I have never been happy with our photo sharpness and quality since we migrated from the medium format Hasselblad film cameras to the Nikon D100, D70, D200; Fuji S2, S3; and Canon 20D, 30D, XT, XTi cameras.  With the advent of the D300 we see a major improvement in linearity of the image quality at both ends of the characteristic curve, there is much better control of the shoulder (highlights), and we see more detail more faithful color reproduction and much less noise  in the toe, (dark areas) and picture to picture variation minimization.  It has been difficult to get matching exposures when taking multiple flash photos of the same subject taken seconds apart.  Finally, we have a camera that reliably an repeatedly reproduces the subject we are photographing brides, grooms or the Gymnast portraits we shoot!Our on photo-journalistic bridal photographs are much more controlled, with improved control of the detail in the whites of the gown.  The Fuji S3, and the Nikon D200 showed improvement in this area, but the D300 is a big step up from it's look-a-like the D200.Focus is another area that Nikon has improved tremendously with the adoption of 51 focus points.  This was my chief reason for changing back to NIKONs from the my Canon Cameras.  I purchased Canon's best quality lenses, yet I still had to take additional photos with my Canon cameras to assure that my focus was where I want it.  Formal Groups in churches can be difficult, as the camera wants to focus on the background instead of the group.  One other interesting note, is that we get many more closed eyes with the Canon 580 strobes than we do with the Nikon SB800. I wonder if the infrared frequency of the Canon autofocus system is more visible to some people than is the Nikon infrared system.  I do know that we get less closed eye shots with the Nikon than we do with the Canons which my assistants use.Prevention of over exposure of mens faces, causing a Pillsbury dough boy look due to camera metering subject failure when using available light or flash wedding to take pre-wedding portraits is another area that Nikon has trumped Canon with the D3 and D300 metering improvements.The Nikon D300 is a great wedding camera which has improved my available light ceremony photography, at ISO 3200.... with minimal sensor noise.I love using this camera, and highly recommend the D300.