Okay, my review's not going to rattle off all the specs and info you can find everywhere else on the 'net. Here's my two cents on actual experience with this camera...Low light shots are amazing! No need for flash with this camera...I've compared shots with/without flash...just wayyy better without flash...up to ISO 6400 is very, very usable. I took the camera for a shoot down Waikiki at night with very good results. You'll be amazed how many of your shots come out well with this camera, even running the auto setting! Auto focus is quite fast, and despite what some may say about the kit lenses (i got the kit with the 18-55mm and 55-300mm), the image quality is very sharp and clear, and the zoom and focus dials are really smooth. You get an actual manual focus ring unlike other entry level DSLRs. The layout of buttons on the camera to adjust f-stop and shutter speed is set up to be really user friendly. After a few shots, you don't even have to think about where the buttons are...they just make sense. I'm learning the manual settings and am getting to know the different effects the camera is capable of...but really, you'll be surprised how good night photos are, and how different shots are without flash, which gives a really artificial looking light. As far as video, I've taken good video with good natural light (daylight), but had video with lots of noise and grain with night shots. I've seen really great footage with f1.4-1.7 old lenses, and have a f1.7 on order and on the way. Do a "pentax k-x" search on Vimeo or Youtube and check out the footage...you'll be amazed at what's capable with wide open aperture and this camera for video. As far as how the camera feels in the hand, I'd say I have average size hands and it really feels solid for its size. The build quality, while not weatherproofed etc. like DSLRs that cost twice as much, has a quality feel all around. Battery life...I took roughly 1000 photos and about 10 minute or so videos, and the original lithium batteries are still at full. I bought an 8pk of Eneloops but didn't get a chance to use them yet!This camera got me hooked on taking photos, can't wait to take it out on my next outing!!Hope this was helpful to someone-