After doing a lot of online research on different cameras, I decided to buy the Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 which was the best decision I made.  I've had this camera for about 1 month now and it's a wonderful camera.  I also own a Nikon D40 (and I've owned various other cameras in the past)which I also love but the DMC-ZS3 is a bit more compact for the days when I have a lot of things to lug around. The Lumix DMC-ZS3's picture quality prints out crystal clear (to be honest, I've only printed 4x6 pics so I can't answer for larger photos by this camera. Whether it's the DMC-ZS3 or my photo printer (Epson PictureMate Personal PhotoLab (older model that only does 4X6's - which I also love due to its' photo quality output)or both, I've been very satisfied with the outcome.  The camera (Inside its' camera case) is compact enough to fit into my purse with no problems. (FYI...the camera case was not easy to find. I had bought a few camera cases online and was sadly disappointed because of the size and fit after receiving them. Don't be deceived by the camera case online description just because it says it for the DMC-ZS3.  What a mistake!  BUT the good news is that I did find a $9 small camera case by Case Logic which has the best fit for this camera at a store.  It was just the right size for the camera without it being to snug or too big and the case has a belt loop in the back which doesn't protrude out to cause annoyance. Another plus it has a little netted pocked area inside for your flash memory! Not too shabby, huh?!) I haven't used all the camera functions yet but so far, it's been very impressive.  My Sister-In-Law saw pictures taken by the DMC-ZS3 and was instantly interested in possibly purchasing one herself.  The casing on the camera has a very solid feel to it and I love the look of the camera.  For the portability, cosmetics (mine is blue), and picture quality, I can't ask for too much more from a camera this size..of course this is the opinion of person who doesn't mind using automatic camera functions.  I think anyone who wants an easily managed camera with great output, should consider the DMC-ZS3 because they'd be incredibly surprised and happy with this little camera.  I can attest that I was!