The S200EXR is one of it not the best camera in it's class.  I've been using this camera for about three months now and have taken hundreds of photos with it.  Overall I am very satisfied with it's performance.Pros: Lots of settings and options, RAW formart, decent zoom, sturdy build, easy to use, rechargeable battery.Cons: No HD video, sensor could be in a better place, view finder isn't optical, somewhat bulky.Prior to owning this camera I had a Fuji F100. That was a great camera but it's no in the same league as this camera. The picture quality compared to the F100 is acctually close in normal enviroments but when you want to take pictures in bright light or low light the S200 is better.When dealing with low light this camera does well.  You can capture almost anything as long as you use a tripod.  Even without a tripod you can get decent photos up to an ISO of 800.  Beyond 800 the image stablization just doesn't work without a tripod.In really bright light this camera takes great photos but keep in mind that Fuji's EXR will do some things you might not expect.  One of the settings is Dynamic Range if you turn this on you will see more deatil in your photos.  The only problem with that is sometimes your photos will look unnatural.  If you're trying to take a photo where you want to show the contrast between light and dark areas, turn this off.  If you don't the camera will try to brighten up the dark areas.This camera has a fixed lens but you can get other lenses that will screw onto the end. You can also get some nice filters that fit perfectly without the use of an adaptor.I really only have two gripes about this camera.  The first one is that it doesn't do HD video.  Everyone else does it so there is no real reason why Fuji didn't.  In fact just having standard video makes that setting almost useless.  I always bring my camcorder with me if I want video. If this did HD video I wouldn't have to do that.My second gripe is the view finder. It's not optical.  I think it just reroutes the LCD screen into the view finder.  It just doesn't look good when you are using it.  You don't get a crisp preview of what you are taking a photo of.  I know that's minor but I find it to be annoying.