I've owned this camera for a year and a half, and I do not regret it.The absolute best thing I can say about this camera is that it is near indestructable  A friend of mine dropped this camera on a concrete floor with the lens extended during my wedding, and all I had to do was pop the lens back a bit, and it still works GREAT.I take this camera EVERYWHERE - I just throw it in a bag or a pocket, and I've never EVER had a problem with it not working right, or even showing much more wear than a scratch on the LCD.  And that's with a year and a half of CONSTANT use.The optical viewfinder doesn't zoom like it used to, unfortunately...  but that's a product of several drops and mishaps.It does have its quirks, however.  ISO 800-2000 look HORRIBLE- Awful, awful, AWFUL grain!  But strangely enough, ISO 3200 looks better than those two.  I've used that to pull off some pictures at concerts that didn't allow cameras that actually look not half bad. I suspect that there's some in-camera trickery that accomplishes this.  It will drop your resolution down to 5mp, but who cares?  You are able to get pictures without a flash that you'd NEVER be able to get another small sensor camera to take.Be aware that this camera has crammed 12mp onto a tiny sensor, so noise is GOING to be an issue over anything but the lowest ISO settings.Also, something to think about:  The MASP settings are neat, but you will spend the majority of your time in P unless you want to get frustrated.  Do NOT expect the same control over DOF that you would have in a larger camera - That's simply a product of the tiny lens.  It's nice to have the control, but you are using a tiny lens on a tiny camera - The custom white balance is more useful.Optical VR - AWESOME.  This alone was a big selling point for me.Focus is slow, but accurate.  If you have time to pre-focus and compose your pictures, then you will not care, but it could be an issue for some.Flash is adequate, but easy to cover.Some say that the menu system is weird - I actually find it intuitive.  This is one of the easiest cameras to make do what I want, you have COMPLETE control over it.  Beware, as this can be a burden as well as a blessing.My recommendations: Keep it in P, set the FN button to handle white balance, and set to Fixed Auto ISO 64-200.This is a GREAT travel camera, and a good camera to sneak into concerts or other situations that normally won't allow cameras.  It's fairly inconspicuous, and it's easy to use.  But more than anything else, you are paying for a RUGGED camera that will last.