I have bought the camera about 2 weeks ago.  I have been using it several times.  I also bought rechargable battery and 128M smart media card.  Personally, I did not find it difficult to learn.  I am doing scientific work, use different scientic digital cameras that hook to the microscopes.  That could be the reason.  The pictures look very good.  The manual is not difficult to understand, although it is brief if you don't have good knowledge about  photography.  There is a more detailed manual (pdf file) on the software CD .  The camedia software  included is only useful to recognise camera as a hard drive when connected to a computer with USB cable.  I use Mac.  When I tred to open flies it crushed the computer.  However, Adobe photoshop element  is also included that should solved the problem.  Since I have adobe photoshop on the computer, so I did not load photoshop element.  I have used the camera almost exclusively in Manual mode.  The reason I like to use manual mode is that  at least  30% of chance the picture  exposure is  kind of off  if not way off when using the automatic mode (This applies to all point shoot  cameras).  The situation gets worse when light condition is complicated.  When use manual mode, If the the exposure is off, just adjust the shutter speed or aperture to get correct exposure.  The good thing about digital camera is you can take several shots with different exposure and pick the one you like and delete others.  You can see the picture right after you taken it.  You can adjust exposure if the picture is not good.  After several shots to get used to the camera,  I find it is not difficult to operate within manual mode.  It is quite fast.  I would recommed people to learn to use the manual mode.  It give you the chance to optimize your photos and you pay for this feature.  The camera without manual mode are cheaper.  I also find there is another way to deal with incorrect exposure with automatic mode.  If go through manual, you can select a setting, allows you to take 3 picture if you hold the button down for a while.  One is the exposure you normally get from automatic  mode.  The other two are one under-exposure and one over-exposure of automatic exposure.  The level of under and over-exposure can also be set.  It is a nice feature for people do not want to go through manual mode.  However, changing under or over-exposure levels involves too many steps.  To me, it is faster to change exposure condition within manual mode.  The pictures I have taken are generally very nice, sharp with good color balance.  The only reason I give it  4 star is that  this is my first personal digital camera and I don't know other cameras at simailar price range work  compare to this one.  But I would recommmend this camera to other people.