I am a long time Pentax user since the days of the Asahi body with screw mount lens and no light meter.  I've been buying Pentax cameras almost every 10 years including Pentax-made HP point-and-shoot digital cameras .  Been waiting a while for Pentax to come through with an affordable dSLR in my price range and with the right features.  The time has finally come with the *istDS since Pentax is phasing them out and replacing it with *ist DS2 and *ist DL.When I compared the DS with DS2 and DL, I just could not see my self spending more money on DS2 for very little feature changes.  By the same token, I wasn't too crazy on the reduction of features on the DL especially the replacement of Pentaprism with mirrors. So the DS is the best choice for the money at this time.After using my *ist DS for a few weeks, I really fell in love with the camera as it rekindle my joy for photography. But there are a couple of things I wanted to mention to potential buyers who are considering this camera.1. The Pentax DA 18-55mm lens is almost useless for general situations.  It goes from wide to normal view only.  I would have preferred something like the Tamron 18-200 mm XR Di II lens that allows me to go from wide to normal to zoom.2. The built-in flash is weak and the pictures look cold and blue.  My point and shoot digital camera took better flash pictures then the *ist-DS.  Using my old Pentax TTL flash on the camera was a real improvement esp. with bounce flash.3. For the guys who want to use old Pentax lens and flash with this camera, that will only last for a short time until you consider how much lighter and smaller the new Auto-Focus lens that are available for the dSLRs.  Also, the newer P-TTL flashes works in conjuction with zoom level of your lens and can control slave flashes wirelessly.4. The Pentax *ist-DS camera case (O-CC28) is the perfect complement to the camera since it contains a pocket for the IR remote and lens cap.  However, you can not find them anywhere in the U.S..  The *ist-D case (O-CC10) does not fit the *ist-DS body.5. I was able to use the IR remote from my Pentax-made HP point and shoot.  This leads me to believe that any Pentax IR remote should be compatible with the *ist-DS camera.  There's a bunch of them out there on Ebay.  Pentax should include this with the camera as a freebie like all the point-and-shoot cameras.I gave 4 stars because some of the idiosynchrocies I mentioned above.