Hi All,I hate the X1 because it costs me more than what I paid for it!I was a Nikon film SLR and film Hasselblad fanboy before the X1. Like so many others, I travelled a lot and got tired of lugging my BIG F4 and Hasselblad with 5-10 kgs of lens and kit around. I stopped shooting for a number of years because of that.Just before the birth of my children earlier this year, I was looking for a competent compact performer capable of delivering high IQ to capture those precious moments when the babies arrive and came across Leica X1 in my search. Like many, I did tons of research before sinking 2000 big one into this little camera instead of a D300! The rest is history.I love the X1 and finally understand the Leica 'look' that Leica fanatics have been talking for years.Yes, the focusing is slow, it won't fire 10 fps and it is definitely not for running kids, sport and wildlife shotting sessions but that is besides the point when one buy the X1.I rediscovered photography in the digital era with a camera that reminded me of my fine art school's days with my beloved Nikon FM2.After setting the X1 on full manual, the X1 requires a more considered approach to taking photos instead of just point and shoot! The built quality is unequal when comparing to the 'disposable' Nikons and Canons of the digital world.The X1 rekindled my love of photography and I have been shooting everyday since I bought it 5 months ago. It is not a sub-compact but small enough for me to carry it everywhere unlike my Nikon SLR and Hasselblad... It is a perfect second everyday camera for a professional or serious photo nut!Well, I loved the creamy soft Leica look with its bokeh so much that I went out and bought a M8 + 35mm Summicron a month later...and am now thinking of sinking my teeth into a Noctilux F1/50mm.I guess Leica's marketing works after all by creating a real entry level Leica (not counting the Panasonic Leicas)for people like me to get a real taste of the Leica experience!As for the "Leica" bashers of the world, try it for yourself first instead of mindlessly dismissing the brand as being a snobbish, expensive rich boy's toy.The act of taking a photo with a Leica is a journey in itself. Nikon/Canon fanboys and fangirls prefer to get from A to B as quickly as they can while Leica fans enjoy the slower and more deliberated journey.I don't want to do a quarter mile drag in 13s and prefer a slower winding ocean drive with a fine machine and a manual stick drive.Yes, I love my Leicas for everyday personal memories that I took myself... and not by a microprocessor in a camera!