The Coolpix 2000 is my first digital camera. For the money, I can't imagine a better camera out there. I bought it at Amazon.com, and with the low price they have on it (then figure in the rebate from Nikon) how can you beat it? It is a Nikon product, and has their usual quality.If you go through the manual, and view the info CD that comes with it, you will be taking superb pictures in no time.I had a little trouble with blurriness when taking pictures in low light at first, but all you need to do is use the correct setting, and use a tripod. There is a little "hand shake" symbol that pops up in the display whenever you run into a situation that a steady hand is required to achieve a sharp picture. I found that a tripod is the ticket for those situations. Tripods are a cheap and wise investment.As for the battery life...no big deal. It will accept an external power pack plug-in if you need to use it for extended periods. I bought a 7.5 volt Digicom model and it works great. You can take a TON of pictures on it without fear of it going dead. You will still need to pick up a charger and a couple of sets of rechargable AA batteries for the times where you use it for only an hour or two at a time. Forget about using any non-rechargable batteries. You would go broke in a hurry!Just set it so that it will automatically shut itself off after  30 seconds or one minute (there are a few settings for different auto shut off durations available).Compared to the way we used to go about it (buy film, pay for development, then sort through and save only the "good" shots), this is a far better way to go.If you want to view the pictures on your tv (like the old projector slide shows we used to sit through as kids) you can just plug it into the TV, and run through any shots stored on a card. We find ourselves doing this a lot after family outings to help determine which pictures we want to print out. There is never a shortage of opinion!By the way, You will want to pick up a bigger capacity CF card or two. I went with a 128 mb card, and that is enough for my usage. You can take about 132 pictures in the highest quality settings with it. It will store well over 200 on the second highest quality settings (still extremely good quality for 5 X 7 photos).I suppose there are a few flaws as expressed in some of the other reviews, but why worry? This a great camera from a great company for a great price. In its price range, I doubt if you can touch it (and I shopped). Buy one!