I picked up a K-x body with two lenses a few days ago. I previously owned a K10D also with two lenses.First off, I love the K-x. It is compact, but not toy-like. Some of the new features like in-camera HDR and of course HD video are great. And it takes ridiculously good pictures in just about any light.But all that's covered extensively in other reviews. I want to mention something that surprised me coming from the several year old K10D. The K-x does not have the TAv (Shutter/Aperture priority) mode. The closest you can get is M mode with a fixed ISO. For some reason, Auto-ISO is not available in M mode.TAv mode is one of those features that if you've used it before you most likely fell in love with, but if you skipped it you'll never notice it's gone. Basically, you get to set the shutter speed and aperture, and the camera uses the ISO (sensitivity) to correct the exposure.So why is it absent? IMHO on the K-x the TAv mode is excluded in favor of including the Scene Mode, which presumably appeals to the point and shoot crowd trying to transition to dSLR. Plus, Pentax still offers TAv mode on the more expensive K-7 and K-5.Would I have bought the K-x if I'd known TAv mode was absent? Maybe. I'm a big fan of TAv mode, and found myself using it alot. So much so that my first thought when I saw the specs for the K-x with a 12800 ISO sensitivity was how great it would be to have all that additional range in TAv. I find TAv mode so useful, I thought it was a no-brainer that it would be included. I didn't even look. And besides, the K-x has all those cool features....My recommendation is that if you are starting out in dSLR that you cut the safety net of Scene mode completely. Pick up a used K10D and learn about photography. Once you understand the relationship between shutter speed, aperture, and sensitivty try TAv mode. You'll be floored by how much creative control it gives you. And don't worry: the K10D has a "Green" mode that takes great pictures anytime you want a break. As a bonus the K10D also throws in weather-proofing -- so you'll be able to hone your skills in just about any circumstance.On the other hand, pick the K-x if you are drawn by the improved sensor/sensitivty/features and can live without the weather-proofing. The K-x is a remarkable camera, especially for the price. And plenty of famous photographers have done brilliant work without TAv mode, so how useful can it really be?