I wanted a nice camera to replace an older Panasonic that I bought at Target on sale for 100 bucks three years ago.  The old one was okay but I was never able to get great pics and the optical zoom was only 3x so I decided to look for something better.  I wanted something that did not need me to make decisions so manual controls were not important.  I wanted lots of zoom and the best video capabilities for vacations and family events coming up.  And I wanted something that could fit into my purse when going on the town.  I landed on the Cannon, Samsung and Panasonic Superzooms, as cnet calls them.  I really liked what I heard about the Sony H20 but the size was just too much.  After knocking out the Cannon based on reviews and that pop up flash it has, I got the Samsung because it was cheaper than the Panasonic.  It was fine but bulky and I just didn't like it for purely unexplainable subjective reasons.  I didn't like the size and the menus didn't feel intuitive, to me.  Returned it and got the Panasonic and I love it.The size, feel, menus and features all fit what I wanted.  I have used it outside and indoors and it works well for me.  Much better than my older camera but I guess that is to be expected.  I have trouble with purples but I have been told by a photographer friend of mine that it is a very difficult color for any camera to capture.  Indoor low light isn't the best but I think that is just something to be expected with point and shoots.  Macro shots are really great.  I can really see the difference in details between this and my older camera.  I took it to a body building show and was able to zoom up close and get great shots.  The camera was quick enough to get a shot as the competitors moved through their poses.  I took about 300 shots that night and used 1 of three bars of battery energy.  I use the flash very rarely because I seem to get the best results without it.  I keep this camera in my purse and it goes everywhere i do.  i take so many more pictures now and they much better.  Mission accomplished.There is a well talked about problem with sourcing extra batteries.  I know some people find the situation to be highly irritating but I really couldn't care less.  This is not a problem for me as I have not yet depleted the battery during use (300 shots at bodybuilding show is about as much as I would use it in a day) and am close enough to electrical outlets each night to recharge if needs be.  Were I to lose my battery I would start to care very quickly about this problem:)