In case a fellow pro is reading these reviews, I would heartily recommend the A70 as a back-up. It resembles the Olympus XA that so many of us loved in the past.I am writing this because the strong points of this camera are not easy to spot from the material aimed at the amateur market.1. I can use the same cards as with my G3, which is my official travel camera (I am also a writer, so no SLR's for me, thank you). I can just switch the card from camera to camera and download material any which way. This might work with the SLR's, too, but I haven't tried.2. The picture quality at ISO 50 is actually quite usable, at least in a tabloid. At first look it is difficult to tell it apart from G3. Don't crop, though. The other ISO's have massive noise, but I use them anyway in special situations.3. The wideangle add-on lens is no Summicron, but it is passable and very small. I have both the A70 and the wide tucked in the corners of my minuscule bag, so in case of a catastrophe, I still have a 24-105 mm camera to work with.4. The waterproof case is a marvel. ... Okay, it is not a Nikonos, but it is a small, lightweight thing that gives me the option of taking splashy pictures on the go.5. Then there are the obvious advantages: AA/Nimh batteries, tv/av/manual modes, single-point and manual focusing and other normal Canon stuff.The disadvantages are naturally enormous from the professional point of view, but we are talking back-up here.The competition is surprisingly scarce. First I gravitated towards the S50, but it has several shortcomings. No wideangle, no AA batteries and non-pocketable size. It doesn't support a proper flash any more than the A70. What's the use of having better resolution, if the camera is not in your pocket/the battery is dead in Ouagadougou/the shot calls for a wide perspective? Don't know about you, but I use 35 mm for shooting official state buildings, and not much else.The Elph/Ixus-series is a lot worse. Sure, they feel better and are a couple of millimeters smaller, but they are hopelessly tyroesque.If there are more options, I haven't found them. Please, correct me if you have better knowledge.So the A70+wideangle+waterproof case gives me a rather complete emergency gear in a truly portable package. And, yes, I have indeed fallen in love, so I'm carrying the thing everywhere in my vestpocket.