I was introduced to this camera when a friend sent me some stunning day and night photos taken in and around Kuwait City (one of the cleanest and most beautiful cities in the world).  I thought he had taken the shots with a 35 MM and scanned in the prints.  I was shocked when I found out that not only were the pictures taken with a digital camera, but with what is considered a low-end digital.  Here are some strong points:  the camera does a wonderful job of night shots without added equipment.  It is literally point and shoot, with both an LCD display and optical viewfinder.  It uses high-speed USB, which is a significant improvement over serial connections for uploading photos into your PC. Also it's small.  It fits easily in a man's jacket pocket or woman's purse (well, not my purse because I happen to carry three cell phones, a pager and a Palm VIIx - a girl needs her toys).The software with which it ships is, well, not so good.  I use Paintshop Pro version 7.0, which will directly download the photos and allow me to perform corrective action.  If you get this camera get Paintshop Pro 7 too!All controls are intuitive and easy to use.  It will also take close-ups well if you set up the shots properly.  I have a highly detailed photo taken with this camera of an intricate 1/4" object that was taken 8 inches away.  Every detailed came out in high contrast and high resolution.  However, to achieve this I had to use a mini tripod to absolutely steady the camera and play with lighting (at 8" the camera and photographer cast shadows that need to be compensated for with strategically placed lighting).  Some people may view this as an entry level camera, especially with all of the mega pixel models out there.  However, I am completely satisfied with the quality of the photos, which print beautifully on my Epson 770 printer using glossy photo paper.  If you are a professional who is looking for a bridge between film and digital, perhaps this one is not for you.  If, however, you want a decent digital camera that can take low resolution shots for e-mail and web pages, or high resolution shots for printing and keeping, this might be all the camera you need.  I doubt if I'll outgrow it anytime soon.  5 stars for ease of use, gorgeous photos and value pricing.