The Fuji F70 EXR has features which clearly depart from the "same old, just a little better" way of doing things. For one, it puts the camera's digital nature front and center and manipulates images to improve them. Starting with the common auto red eye reduction, extending to pixel binning for high dynamic range or low light shots in EXR mode, as well as merging multiple shots in the natural light flash, pro low light and pro focus modes. Couple such digital magic with a great new sensor and a good zoom lens, packaged into a very small, attractive camera, and you have a real winner. In Auto EXR mode it even switches automatically to macro mode when needed, a feature I wanted for the longest time.My favorite mode is EXR high dynamic range. On a recent trip through the Southwest US I pretty much left the camera in this mode with the Velvia film simulation (i.e. vivid colors), and all outdoor shots turned out great. Stunning, vivid colors, good detail in highlights and shadows, and nothing overdone. Simply cool!Originally I bought the F70EXR for low light shots at work because the new sensor and software promised to yield better results than older PnSes, and it does. I have sharp handheld shots without flash that I simply have never been able to take with any other point and shoot (or older SLR for that matter). I alternate between EXR high iso/low noise, natural flash and SP night modes for this, depending on the situation or how much time I have to think and plan.Overall, this camera is fun to use and gives great pictures almost all of the time.Pros:small and lightgreat auto modes, especially high dynamic range EXRnice 10x zoom lens - love the rangegreat sensor, larger than average for PnSsmart softwarefast focus and time to shoothigh quality bright displayCons:pronounced purple fringing (chromatic aberration) around bright, high contrast edgesfinicky zoom lever - I wish it had two levels of sensitivityQuibbles:mode wheel turns too easily for mesome modes have overlapping features, makes choices confusing (e.g. Astia film simulation for soft tones vs. two portrait modes which promise soft skin tones)multi shot modes are impossible if subject doesn't hold absolutely stillon/off button somewhat difficult to find by touch for mewould be nice if the lens defaulted to somewhere between 35 and 50 mm equivalent focal length instead of the very wide angle 27 mm