I bought this camera mostly to play around with and to be able to email simple and impulsive photos.  I really like this little camera.  If you're looking for quality photographs you're not going to find it unless you go to at least 2-3 megapixels.  Digital cameras are not to the point of getting high quality images for pocket change just yet.  Capturing images on film is much simpler than with electronics (you can take film pictures with a shoe box with a pinhole in it if you know what you're doing).  I say all that to emphasize that this is probably one of the best deals you will find in an inexpensive digital camera.  I found the camera simple to operate (although I've not really used the software since I already have photo editing software).  Some of the pictures may not look so great when you first download them, but a few simple clicks usually balances light, color and sharpness to decent levels (I have also held blue a filter in front of the lens when shooting to balance incandescent indoor lighting with very good results).  When I email images, I usually size them down to 400x300 or 320x240 and they look even better.  I have only had the camera a short while and it has been a lot of fun and has delivered some suprizingly good pictures (and a lot of junk ones, too, so shoot in volume - it's cheap!).  The one thing that is a little disappointing is the distortion -- usually it's unnoticable or insignificant; sometimes it's bad.  Like any fixed focus camera (the manual focus is only for web cam operation) don't expect to get close up.  If you're looking for a cheap thrill this is your camera.  This camera is not fancy, but it does what it says it does.  If you're looking for a camera to do high quality pictures, close-up work, or capture once-in-a-lifetime shots then you need to be willing to fork out some cash on a digital camera (I couldn't find a digital that would approach what I would want for less than $300; personally, I will wait till I can get what is now a $500-700 camera).  If you're going to be an uptight perfectionist (like I am with my 35mm SLR), you will be frustrated with this camera.  If you want to hang loose and have some fun for cheap, then you need this camera!  It's great!