This camera isn't intended for the semi pro, and you probably aren't going to win photography contests with it, but for someone who wants a good point and shoot camera to take spur of the moment pictures, this camera works great.  I took 30-40 pictures and 5 min of video when I took the kids to the park today, and the camera didn't interfere with our fun.  I'm surprised at how much video I am starting to shoot with it.  The controls are extremely easy to use.  They even made exposure compensation easy.  The controls were very well thought out which is a large part of why it seems so simple/basic.  It also comes with a good manual.  Finally, I find it fairly fast for a digital camera.We have a higher end digital that does everything, but the controls are so cumbersome that it takes forever to get it set up.  Also, I have to take along a camera bag or at least carry it around my neck.  This thing goes comfortably in a pocket.  Yeah, this camera isn't capable of taking as high quality pictures, but in practice I am getting 5-10 times as many good pictures and enjoying myself in the process.The picture quality is good, and I've noticed no distortion with the wide angle lens even with the distortion compensation turned off.In regards to some of the complaints....1. Easyshare setup was annoying for a day or two, but if one keeps the dock near your PC, it is actually a nice feature.  I snap the camera in, press one button to download, and I am done.  Still not happy, then get a SD card reader off ebay.  They are dirt cheap.2. The battery life from the included lithium ion battery is good, and because they use the same battery in multiple models, aftermarket batteries and chargers are available for next to nothing.  This is a huge bonus with this camera.3. Yep, it is probably lacking when it comes to quality of night photography, and if you are planning on taking a lot of pictures at night, then get another camera.  This is a pretty common complaint of pocket cameras.4. Semi-pros will probably not be satisfied with the lack of alternative formats or the ability to tweak settings, but it is a point and shoot after all.