First, I'm at the bottom of the barrel among my "expertise" when it comes to REAL cameras. Almost all of my total experience is with cheaper digital cameras (well, I owned a Kodak 110, once) ranging from the Casio DC10 to a Fujifilm S602Zoom (which has all but been abandoned by Fuijfilm!!!).So, with that thought in mind: WHAT A CAMERA! Details galore. Color that's amazing. Point-and-shoot never looked so great! And that's with just two days of "outta the box" settings.For those of us who don't know the difference between an SLR and a Space Shuttle, this camera is both a savior and a potential demon. It's taken me three hours of flippin' through the manuals for both the camera and the SB800 flash I bought, just to figure-out how to make the flash a remote slave. One (experienced?) reviewer says "it'll take you fifteen minutes to figure-out the settings." Well, yeah... if you're experienced. For me, it's taken three days just to feel comfortable enough to test a few of the billions of possible settings.This ain't no slam; just be warned that you've got four years of college ahead of you if you want to approach the full capabilities of this camera. The nice thing is, your pictures will look GREAT, Fabulous, Astounding and Sensational without knowing a lot, and you'll have an enormous amount of future improvements as you master more of the features and art!One serious warning: the dude at the camera store (yes, I pay more, but they're the professionals who are there when you have questions, and SOMEONE has to support them!) informed me that Nikon has decided that their newer cameras will NOT work with other brands of flashes, and even with Nikon's OLDER flashes! Like some cell phones that fry a third-party batteries, Nikon has decided they've had enough of "the competition" being attached to their cameras. He says he's considering buying a D70, but the fact that many of his non-CPU-driven lenses will either not work at all, or reduce the built-in functionallity found in the camera. Check it out before you buy, if you have lenses and flashes laying around you'd like to use!Best money on a camera I've ever spent. And in all likelyhood, the LAST camera I ever buy!Thank, you Nikon!!!