This camera is fantastic for convenience. It realistically fits in your pocket, and its compact brick-like shape means nothing is protruding and getting dented as you walk around. I take it places that I'd never take a larger camera, because I can bring it along without a big camera pack hanging off my shoulder. The main complaint I have is that the image quality isn't great. It's good enough for snapshots, but I've had a lot of so-so pictures. My former digital camera, an Olympus D-460 with only 1.3 megapixels, took sharper and better-looking images. A lot of my pictures on this camera look all right from far away but up close everything is a little fuzzy.Here's a summary of my pros and cons with the camera:Pluses:* Size -- it really can fit in your pocket.* The charger is small and light-weight and works in standard 2-prong 110V outlets.* Nice viewing of shots on the camera -- loads quickly and there is speedy and good navigation, even when I had 100s of pictures.* Battery life is great.* Video mode is a blast.* Battery charges quickly, around 2 hours from totally dead.* You can plug the camera into a TV with included cables and view your photos there.Minuses:* Picture quality isn't great.* Sometimes when you take a picture with the flash, it takes forever (we're talking holding the button for 10 seconds or more) to take. I found I could improve this by depressing the button slightly to get the light setting, seeing the red light go one, and *then* pushing hard to take the picture, then waiting another second or two for it to take. But try explaining that to a Chinese person who you don't know who's taking your picture for you!* No software included to create a slideshow. I was hoping for something that would make a nice picture-and-video slideshow.* The video mode can't adjust to different light settings in the course of filming, so whatever setting you start with is the same one it will maintain even when the light changes.* No warning before your battery dies. The warning light comes on and poof! 30 seconds later the camera's dead.* No sound on video playback on the camera (there is sound when the clip is downloaded to a computer or played on a TV).* Maximum imposed recording limit for videos, regardless of how much memory is on your memory card. At the middle quality setting it's about 10 seconds, and at the low quality about 30.Overall I think the camera's size makes it a good camera, it could use some improvements particularly in picture quality but for casual snapshots it'll do the job. A similar camera worth checking out is the Minolta Dimage X. It's slightly smaller, has longer video recording capability, greater zoom, and audio on video playback, but I've heard the picture quality is worse than the Elph.