Fortunately, I'm not having any of the problems others have listed, such as network dropouts, item DOA, or initial network connection issues.  To these people I would recommend they contact the person who installed and configured their wireless network, because they'll need the WEP code and SSID (Wireless network name) to connect their camera.Installation was pretty straight forward with the right information about the network.  Signal strength is fine wherever it may roam (more on this later), and while the audio is a little scratchy, it's a bonus feature I'm just tickled to have at all.  Color is OK.Some people have said they have problems accessing it over the Internet after a period of time.  I don't use the camera this way so I can't comment on this.  I should point out that I use the camera in what is probably an unconventional manner.  After I tested it out, and knew it worked well (the other reviews had me nervous), I removed the antennae and hooked up a signal booster (basically a stronger, powered antenna), tossed the AC-DC adapter and replaced it with a battery pack (to make it truly wireless), and connected it to a servo controlled pan/tilt bracket, then screwed the whole thing onto the front of a robot (think Martian rover).  Just for kicks, I plugged in a small set of old speakers to make the audio 2-way.  The audio/video stream can be added to any webpage with some JavaScript code, and with this it can be incorporated into custom control software for any electronic devices (like robots, or pan/tilt brackets) you might have in use with the camera.For really basic features, you don't even need to install the D-Link software, you don't need more than the A/V stream, because all the essential controls are built into the JavaScript (video zoom, audio volumes/mutes, and a PTT button to talk through the speakers).  So once you have the D-Link software installed on one system, config the camera and get everything working, you can access the A/V stream from another computer with minimal fuss.