Why do I say that the camera can blow your mind? Because it is capable of delivering truly excellent images under a remarkable range of conditions. First, it has very credible 1600 ISO. And usable 3200 ISO. I will give you links at the end where you can verify that I am not making this up. This high ISO ability allows you to shoot indoors and get decent images. The fancy modes, pro focus and pro low light, so work, although the subject must remain quite still. But you can get remarkably clean images. Again, I have plenty of examples at the links I provide.When you take the camera outdoors, you will see that it is very good at controlling exposures and managing dynamic range. I shoot in P mode almost all the time, setting auto ISO 1600, M3:2 as the size (5mp), and DR400% mode. That is the most flexible setting for indoors and out. You can set EXR DR mode up with flash if you want a quick way to get the same behavior with the flash on. The two settings are next to each other on the dial and this makes for super convenience.The lense is far from perfect, being a 10x zoom. It shows CA more often than some others, but what you get for that price in incredible reach. Mine happens to be very sharp, although some have complained about blurry corners. I've seen their images, and they are a bit blurry, but most people shooting snaps won't even notice. The lens is decently stabilized so that, once you learn to relax when you shoot and hold the cam steady, you can get really crisp close ups from a long way away.The manual controls add real spice to this cam. I was able to shoot a crisp image of the moon and tonight I was able to shoot Jupiter with FOUR Galilean moons visible. That's an incredible feat from a compact camera. I used a tripod, but it is still amazing.These are not minor accomplishments ... I have many images in my gallery and on my blog, along with extensive tests and explanations. If you read that over, you will find that I am not 100% positive, but I am constantly delighted and sometimes it simply blows my mind. You could do far worse than this little camera.[...]