Cons:Small LCD Screen & No view finder! Unusually, doesn't double up as a webcam. Also, what would be good; (though haven't seen in many other cameras) is for the light to work when capturing 'movies' at night time. Otherwise, it's too dark to see who's who. To reliably render faces you'd need as much light as is needed to read a menu. But, at least the audio compensates. Can be assured it's going to pick-up intelligible voices from across a table in a noisy restaurant.Pros:V.Good Battery life. Excellent at capturing moving subjects in dim lighting! In fact, I find the muscle of this camera and the beauty of its photographs most apparent in low-lit conditions. On the movie function- there's no capture time limit. You can film so long as your memory stick permits! Ultimately, it's not a super-thin camera but it is small! It's just that it can stand on it's own without toppling! Trust me, I've seen other people's cameras do this just as the timer was about to snap a photo.Heartbreakingly, I broke this camera's LCD after only 2 weeks of purchase but I'm still a satisfied customer. Anyway, it was my stupidly it broke and nothing to do with Sony.I couldn't have the LCD replaced straightaway because it was far too expensive so I carried on using it as was.It was very easy actually.. I estimated where to hold the camera and it was always on 'Auto'... (unfortunately with most of the option functions being displayed on the LCD menu, I never got any access to those either).I've had the camera for one whole year now and I haven't felt a pressing need to replace it. Beautiful pictures and with little effort!! I do have an idea of what I'm taking a picture of especially at night time because the camera cleverly beams an infra-red light on to the subject. And I just snap blindly and everyone agrees the photos are excellently sharp and better than my friends' equivalently sized counterparts especially when taken in a club and people are dancing etc ie. lots of movement and dim light is concerned.I'm really quite surprised some people claim it blurs. I mean could their 'conditions of use' be any harder than mine?! I have no LCD, no access to additional camera functions and what's more.. tend to take pictures when partying with my friends! And we aren't exactly still or taking pictures with a particularly steady hand at this point. Yet, the image quality and detailing is amazing! If you keep zooming in you can make out a single eyelash. Really flattering photographs!I'm not giving it five stars because it's obviously physically fragile. Recently, I also managed to break the side flap where the memory stick goes.