I don't normally write too many reviews on Amazon, but this Samsung has such limited reviews and it really deserves high praise!After being a lifelong Canon owner, I finally switched to Samsung!  After my Canon broke, I thought I'd just replace it with another Canon like I normally do, but after playing with several models at Best Buy (the SD780, SD1200, SD1300, SD1400, and S90), I found myself completely unsatisfied.  All of them, with the exception of the S90, produced poor image qualities and had very limited features.  Though I was drawn to the small size of the newer canons and the pretty colors, I couldn't get past the feel of the cheap plastic and limited functions.That was when my friend and I started playing around with the Samsung TL240 - we were amazed at the features this camera offered and at a reasonable price!  The camera is completely touchscreen, so there are no buttons to press.  This may seem weird at first, but Samsung did a GREAT JOB at making everything intuitive and easy to find.  The picture quality is amazingly sharp and crystal clear.  It's also a pretty slim and compact camera that can easily fit into your jeans pocket (though not as small as the Canons).  They have some innovative features, like if you draw an X across the screen with your finger you can delete a picture, or if you tilt your camera a certain way you can go into movie mode or program mode.Some other features I love:-  7x Optical Zoom-  Dual image stabilization and smart face recognition-  3.5" Wide Touch Screen Panel-  "Smart Auto" as well as just your typical "Auto" - smart auto mode means that when you're in this mode, the camera can automatically detect whether you want to shoot in macro mode, landscape, portrait, night, etc.  It's been pretty accurate so far!-  I LOVE taking food pictures, and the macro mode produces some great close-ups, even in lower light situations.-  Ability to resize and crop photos or alter colors directly within the camera.-  Cool effects like fisheye and vignetting.-  720p HD Video.Oh, but make sure you buy the microSD memory card!  It's teensy tiny compared to the regular SD cards I was used to.  I use the 8gb microSD card and it works just fine!