I've had my Nikon 5700 for about nine months now. I started out with it as a complete novice, got shutter lucky, and found some beautiful shots in the camera. Over the past months I've moved from a completely automatic point-and-shoot snapper to all-manual settings. I've picked up some knowledge about the basics of photography along the way, and the ability to pop the card and see the results of a setting instantly really shortened the learning curve.First and foremost, this camera takes absolutely beautiful photographs. Colors are bright and vibrant, and details are rendered beautifully even when printing at large sizes - you can get a 13x19" enlargement to print at about 140 dpi on an inkjet, resulting in a very "painterly" image somewhere between photograph and painting. I decided at the outset to shoot only in camera RAW mode, and so what I've gotten out of the camera is exactly what went in. If you need to re-touch in Photoshop, this is the ONLY way to do it. You can correct a surprising number of mistakes (white balance, exposure, brightness, contrast, saturation) in RAW prior to bashing the image to smithereens with Photoshop editing tools - they only work on processed, "rendered" images.Downsides are well id'd in the reviews, but I think you can get around most of them. Battery consumption climbs closer and closer to the top of the list of negatives as you move from automated to manual operation. Tip: use manual focus. I've found that assigning manual focus to the function button on the top makes focusing easier than punching for the button on the lens barrel. There isn't anything you can do about slow memory card writes, and we're not likely to see any firmware updates to accept the faster WA cards out on the market.I've added some filters and lenses to my rig. A good tripod is essential, and the AA battery pack, with a 15-minute charger, makes everything a lot more fun. Note that if you add Nikon lenses, you are permanently out of luck for filters - there are NO filters for the Nikon lenses and adapters that fit this camera. Luckily, there are very acceptable third-party lenses and adapters that will take UV and/or polarizing filters.I'm no pro, don't even consider myself a photographer yet, but the folks who work with my wife don't know that. It's because of the pictures - they're gorgeous.The more time and effort you invest in this camera, the more you'll get out of it.