The Nikon Coolpix L110 is a great little camera for people who are nervous about buying one of those "confusing" and expensive DSLR's.  It takes fabulous pictures and at 12.1 megapixels, you can enlarge your photos to just about any size. The 15X zoom is nifty as well. The macro feature works pretty well, but you have to get pretty close for the autofocus to work. That can make shooting insects difficult (but not impossible though). There are many shooting modes like Sport, Landscape, Smart Portrait, and....you get the idea. The only mode that is missing is Manual mode, which may be a major con to some, but the only complaint I have is that you can't take time lapse shots due to lack of ability to change the shutter speed manually. I use my old camera for that. Oh well. For $200 I won't let that sour me to this camera (my old camera actually cost more). A minor con is that the flash doesn't flip up by itself when needed. The camera tells you to raise it, but I've found that it's just easier to raise it from the beginning. It just takes getting used to. No big deal. The last minor con is that the 3" LCD screen automatically shuts down after only 20 seconds or so and takes a few seconds to come back up when you hit a button. I missed a few shots due to that in the beginning, but I just started pressing the shutter button half way down periodically so I don't miss as many opportunities. There is no eyepiece or viewfinder on this camera either. You point and shoot through the LCD screen. I was worried about that, but I find that it hasn't effected my pictures at all. The screen is bright and clear. I found the neck strap to be limiting considering that you'll want the camera off your neck due to the point and shoot nature of it. I ditched it and spent ten bucks on a DSLR wrist strap. It's soooo much easier. I can't comment on the video feature because I haven't used it and have no intention of using it. I have a camcorder for that. LOL. The battery life is FANTASTIC! I use Energizer Ultimate lithiums (it takes 4) and I've shot over 800 shots and just got my first battery warning today. No complaints there. I recommend this camera highly if you're looking for a cheaper camera that still takes great pictures. I hope this review is helpful to most of you. I know I'm no scholar. I'll try to include some of my pictures if I can.