I did a lot of research and shopping before buying this Olympus Stylus 810.  I've had a 5-yr old 2 megapixel Nikon that needed replacement.  My criteria was 1) Image Stabilization, 2) Shirt-pocket size, 3) 7 to 8 Megapixels, 4) 2.5" Minimum LCD display, and 5) Movies with sound capability.  Sony and Canon came close, but the Olympus 810 had all these features and the highest rating in Consumer Report for quality.Good news: This is a great camera for photos, versatility, 24 shooting modes, met all my criteria, and the picture quality and sharpness are superb. The movie clip audio and video quality are as good as my expensive Sony Camcorder.  When playing movie clips back on PC, it is almost as good as a camcorder movie.Bad news:  Transfering photos and movie clips from camera to PC is an absolute nightmare.  I'm use to my Nikon software opening up a window with photos and "click-and-drag" one or more onto desktop for immediate access.  Not so with this Olympus.  You have to go thru many laborous, time consuming steps to tranfer either one or everything on camera.  Instructions say you can select multiple shots to transfer, NOT SO, it will not work.  More bad news: The software only allows you to transfer movie clips to "Quick-Time" software, not Windows Media Player.  And you can't transfer or in any way convert a movie clip to Windows Media Player (WMP).  It is possible to play it back in WMP on PC but not save it as a file.  What idiot would design such software?!?!  Here's the worst part: I have not been able to send one movie clip on Outlook Express email OR on Internet Explorer email. Always get error message. Even a small 60-second movie clip in Quick-Time is a huge 35-MB.  Not so in WMP, 60-second clip is only about 2-MB.  Beware, if you plan on sending movie clips to friends and relatives from this camera, FORGET IT, it will not happen.  I am extremely disappointed in this and may even return the camera because of it.  How could a huge company like Olympus come up with the absolutely worst software program in the world?