Before the birth of my son, I hardly ever took photos and I was perfectly happy with my iPhone camera.  Then my son was born, and I started taking tons of pictures.  When I printed them, they looked terrible.  They were, after all, mostly taken indoors in low light.  That's when I started shopping around and decided to buy this Panasonic FH25k.I have had it for a year and a half now I believe and overall I am very happy with it.  In outdoor lighting, it gives wonderful pictures with vibrant colors.  I take it to the park all the time and I get great action shot of my son riding bugs and playing.  I have also gotten some nice indoor pictures when the lighting is good (lot of sun coming through the windows).  When the lighting isn't good, the flash works well enough to capture the moment.  Without flash, I have gotten some blurry pictures of my now toddler running around.  It is a tad slow too in indoor light, but not so slow that I have really missed anything.  For a point and shoot I think it is great.  I have used other point and shoots and was never happy with them.  I have taken some videos too, and they look pretty good on the computer screen.  I haven't tried them on my tv yet, but this is leaps and bounds better than my phone camera.A couple of minuses, I do get some red eye sometimes, but I can fix that in iPhoto so it isn't a big deal.  I don't like in camera red eye reduction for toddlers.  He isn't going to sit still while the camera shoots light in his eyes.  Also, sometimes while shooting in very bright light outdoors, I get a flare on the screen.  It isn't super often, and it doesn't come through on the pictures, and that was my main concern when I first saw it.  It is a little irritating, but not a big deal really.It does have a lot of options to choose from , with all the different scene modes, and you can change the iso if you feel like getting into it a little more.  I recently decided to buy an entry level dslr, as having this has re-ignited an interest in photography that I had as a teenager.  Even so, this is small enough that I keep it in my purse so I don't miss anything.  Obviously I'm not going to compare the quality of the two, because they are two different animals, but as a mother who wants a small, light, inexpensive carry everywhere camera, I am very pleased.