Wilife Digital Security System is the first video security system I've had that really works . . . at least part of the time.  But it's a far cry from foolproof.  And I'll admit to being something of a fool when it comes to electronics.I wanted this system to be able to look in on my sleeping mother (she has Alzheimer's disease) without waking her.  And it turns out that the system is pretty good for that purpose, sometimes.  Here's what I experienced:The GoodHaving this system in a bedroom where you want to look in on a baby or elder sometimes requires seeing in the dark.  This camera is surprisingly good at producing an image in light where your eye fails to register an image.  Lighten up your screen, if necessary, but you won't have to turn on a light to disturb your sleeper.The images produced are at or above the level of security cameras I've seen.  Good, but not great.  And good is enough to accomplish my purpose.So far, so good, but wait!  There's more.The BadInstalling this system was anything but the 15-minute breeze promised by the Logitech blurb.  I ended up calling their support number (the rep was helpful and pleasant) and finally resolved the problem with new software.  (six hours)I wasn't done yet.  The software needed to recognize the camera - and that took several trips to the Knowledge base to resolve.  Turns out this system does not work or play well with my firewall (or my virus protection), so all those programs had to be turned off in order for camera recognition to occur (another four hours).Then my sleeper complained about the brightness of the light on the spy clock.  I toned it down with a sheet of paper cut to fit the display, and she was pacified (another hour).  Had I not taken this step, she would have removed the camera from her room, and the whole exercise would have been for naught.The UglyThe system refused to work at all this morning.  Apparently, another program was interfering with recognition of the USB device, so I had to go through the entire install procedure again (another hour and 1/2).  By this time, my temper is becoming frayed at the edges, and I'm wondering if it's really worth the effort I'm putting in to it.ConclusionImage quality is good enough for my purposes, and leaving my dedicated computer on all the time, I believe I can maintain contact with the camera.  So, for me it's worth it.However, you shouldn't have to be a computer wizard to set this system up and get it working.  Installation should be the breeze promised - but for me it was not!Three stars!