I bought the K-x shortly after it came out. I got it with the kit 18-55 zoom and the 50-200 zoom. To call this an entry level camera is a disservice. It may be easy enough for a newbie, but the capabilities and options in it go far beyond an "entry" level. The main reason I was interested in the K-x was for the low light performance, and it is everything they say. It is even more so with better lenses and understanding of the settings. The batteries are the only issue but I have not had a problem. I bought 2 sets of eneloops and just keep them charged and ready. I have never got caught out of juice. I did seek to upgrade the lenses after a while. One of the best features owning a Pentax is you can get lenses as good or better than Canon or Nikon for 1/3 to 1/2 the cost. You can also fit almost any lens Pentax ever made on the camera. I've picked up a few cheap lenses on Craiglist to get a feel for what I'd like in a new lens. I replaced the 50-200 kit zoom with a DA* 50-135 f/2.8 and it is mind-bogglingly (if that's a word) better. The images it produces have a distinct quality that makes them almost 3D. It's an expensive lens but, believe me, it's worth it. Take my advice on this, though: don't bother looking for a better standard zoom. The Pentax 18-55 kit zoom is one of the best kit lenses available. I compared it to the DA* 18-55 f/2.8 and Tamron 17-50 f/2.8 and returned both. Neither produced noticeably better images and they did not have the kind of "pop" produced by the DA* 50-135. There just isn't that big a difference to justify the extra cost (it is justified for the 50-135 f/2.8). Be satisfied you have a good standard zoom and maybe get a good prime lens instead. One of the neat features I really like in the K-x is the HDR function. If you take architectural photos, especially at night, it can produce unbelieveable images. The other thing I like is the green button you can assign certain functions to. I have it set to focus when I press it with my thumb. I prefer doing it that way than pressing half way down on the shutter. Don't be afraid to buy this camera. I know Canon and Nikon are the heavy weights, but after owning a Pentax, and reading stuff from other users and reviewers, you come to realize Pentax is not an underdog. They are just as good and often better. There just aren't as many Fans. Yet.