I recently decided to get serious about digital photography when I attempted to photograph my son playing guitar at a concert with a point and shoot digital camera.  I missed all of the great shots due to the delay in shooting that is inherent in most point and shoot cameras.  I became very interested in a more expensive setup when the Canon Rebel XT had a dramatic price drop to ~$800.  But after going to the store and holding it in my hand, it felt way too small and I didn't like the plastic feel of the camera.  To help me figure out which camera would be best for me, I determined my main areas of interest for photography and stuck to that while evaluating all possible cameras.  My main interests in photography are portraits and my kids' sporting events.  Because of this, I knew I needed something with burst capability and a fast write to disk capability, which this camera has.  I also wanted easy to access shutter and aperture controls that didn't require me to go into a menu to change - again, this camera is very easy to adjust and use in manual setting with controls for both right on the outside frame of the camera.  I'm new to both digital and film photography, but I've been having success in using the manual mode because I've read a couple of books on exposure and the controls on this camera are so easy to use.  In terms of support for portraits, I knew I needed a lens that supported an optical range between 85-105mm.  That didn't end up affecting my camera body purchase decision.This is going to sound very superficial, but I really liked the feel of the Canon 20D in my hand.  It is not too heavy, and it is very solid.  All of the controls are very easy to access and are intuitive.  Don't discount the importance of the feel of the camera in your hand.  If you do one thing in your search, be sure to go to a store and hold whatever camera you're thinking about purchasing in your hand.  Shoot a couple of shots in the store with it.  You'll be amazed at your reaction to simply holding the camera in your hand and the impact it can have on you.I recently joined a photography club at work and about 80% of the people in the club have this exact camera.  I purchased this camera before I joined the club.  I was amazed.  There is a lot of support for new users of this camera in the community - lots of books, videos, and clubs.  It's so helpful when you see demos that are based on your exact camera.  Don't get me wrong - there is a ton of support for Nikon cameras as well.  In fact, Nikon and Canon run neck and neck in terms of quality and continued improvement in their overall camera lines.I decided not to opt for the Canon 30D because it was more than I really needed, and to be honest, I wanted to save money for some really great lenses.  In terms of "glass" recommendations, I bought two lenses to start with - the EFS 17-85mm f/4-5.6 IS USM (for portraits and every day shooting), and you can actually get this lens as an optional kit lens with the Canon 20D.  B+H Video in NY offers it with the body as a kit lens and I highly recommend this over the standard poor quality kit lens that is more commonly offered.  The other lens I purchased was the EF 70-200mm f/2.8L USM for shooting sports.  This is such a great lens - I can't say enough positive comments about this lens.  Worth every penny.  I highly recommend the Speedlite 580EX external flash for great indoor candids and excellent indoor portraits.  I point the speedlite at the ceiling and bounce the light to get very natural, diffused lighting.  Don't use the built in flash on this camera - it is not going to give you good results.  Your shots will look like normal point and shoot pictures if you use the built in flash.  Also, get at least a 2 GB memory card - the Ultra II SanDisks are the way to go because they have a fast enough write speed to support shooting sports.  I can fit about 450 JPEG-Fine shots on a single disk, which is more than enough for an amateur like me.  I'm going to move to RAW pretty soon once I learn the basics of Photoshop Elements 5.0, and I'll probably fit ~30% less shots on the disk, so I'll probably spring for a back up disk.I've shot at least 4000 shots so far with this camera since purchasing it on Labor Day of 2006 and have had no problems whatsoever.  It is a great camera body that I'm sure will serve me well for years to come.