The Logitech WiLife Digital Video Security Indoor Master System is my second set in this group of security products.  I've added on a few components and learned how to deal with more of the system's features and quirks.  As far as home security camera systems go, this is a very nice value.  While I haven't had any issues with the components I have purchased, the previous incarnation did have some warts that have hopefully been addressed with this update.This unit includes the Wilife management software, one indoor camera, suction cup mount, bar mount, table stand and power and USB connectors.  I like the product, although there are some reservations.  You have to know your needs very well in order to know if this is right for you.The design of the indoor cameras is very unique though somewhat blocky. The outdoor cameras are more traditionally shaped.  In any event, they all seem to work well once set up.PROS:+ Updated hardware and software should improve reliability and ease of use+ Nice power over Ethernet design means no batteries needed+ Nice price for a fully functioning starter system+ Improved cell phone and email alert features+ Very easy to add cameras to the system+ Nice available accessories to add on to your installation+ Nice interface for management software with many customizable settings+ Default settings will meet the needs of novice users without adjustments+ System is motion activated, saving storage space+ Video recordings are easily backed, copied, or erased+ Video can be accessed via live feed over the internet+ Firmware updates are readily available, with caveatsCONS:- Installation can be somewhat time-consuming- Despite what they tell you, DO NOT ENABLE AUTOMATIC FIRMWARE UPDATES!!! Do them manually- Some features require a premium subscription at an additional cost- The starter set should have included at least one more camera- Lack of audio will disappoint more demanding users- Latency on website video access- Software interface requires some getting used toCONSIDERATIONS1. Your camera must be close to an outlet to connect it via the included 10 foot cable.2. You have to manually adjust the camera focus, so adjust it before mounting.3. Your computer must meet the hardware and software requirements.4. Your computer must be on all the time for video recording.5. You will need a broadband connection to access this video remotely.6. This power-line connection will work better with newer wiring.7. It's best to set up extra hard drive space for at least 10 GB of videos.8. The computer recording video needs to be a PC.  A Mac running Windows in a virtual machine software might work.INSTALLATIONPhysically installing the cameras is straightforward.  The receiver and the camera must be attached through power outlet via receiver plugs.  The system connects to your computer over the power interface via the USB port.The software installation still requires some patience and hardware knowledge.  Computers running Windows Vista, Antivirus software and software firewalls will need those security settings disabled to get the Wilife software to install.  Still, it's well worth it to have this system installed on a secure computer.  You can re-enable all that stuff when you are done, making sure to allow for your firewall to permit the Wilife software to access the internet.Installing on XP may be slightly easier, but you will still have to deal with disabling your Antivirus or desktop firewall if you are running those. You should want the computer that's storing your home security video files to be secure.  Taking the extra time to have AV and a firewall working is worth the effort.Windows Vista requires a few reboots before the software installs and sees the cameras.  On my first installation of the product I experienced some initial hanging, but I had better luck the second time I set up the starter kit in a different location. So the software has been improved, but it is still beneficial to be comfortable with computers.Setup can take about an hour or two depending on how you place your cameras and the speed of your computer.  If you have issues, contacting support should be relatively painless, though I have not had to call them with the two systems I have set up.SETTINGS AND EXPANSIONThe system has options for adding on hardware in terms of more cameras and software in terms of premium features.  If you want multiple cameras, you will have to buy those additional units as add-ons.  It would have been nice if they would have simply produced a starter set with one of each or some other configurations.  Still, most users will be happy with the starter sets.The Wilife Homeplug Bridge can integrate this with the pro set.  Those that want to avoid using power-line communications may prefer to step up to the Wilife Pro Set or a different system all together.The management options for this unit are nice.  You can adjust the setting for motion sensitivity to your liking after you are familiar and have been running this for a while.  Phone or email notifications are easily set for motion activated recordings.  The software lets you define the limits that must be exceeded to trigger an alert.The Wilife wasn't my first security system, and I've been happy with both the original and the update.  Experienced users will love the features, except for a few functions which require you to upgrade to the premium package.  Given the cost it's hard to argue with the features.CONCLUSIONThis is a nice set that has continued to improve.  It's worth looking into depending on your needs and budget.Enjoy!