I don't recall if I bought this camera from Amazon or not, but I've owned it a few years now and it's served it's purpose fairly well, but overall I'm left with a "meh" feeling regarding it. The zoom function is a pain to use in my experience. There is a horizontal line that indicates how far in or out you are zoomed, which is fine I guess, but a percentage indicator would be much more useful than a simple line. I have no way of telling how far zoomed it is for instances where the batteries die right after a shot and I want to take another shot at the same zoom setting. That's another issue right there, the zoom resets if your batteries die, which I guess is to be expected, but it's still annoying.Another major problem is the battery life, which to put mildly, is horrible. I have 2650 mAh rechargeables (Duracell brand) and when they're fully charged I'm lucky to get 5-10 pictures before the camera shuts off. That's simply ridiculous and inexcusable. I'm not sure if it's a problem with the camera or the batteries themselves, but I'm included to believe it's the camera because I also have 2450 Energize rechargeables and they do the same thing, but yet they work fine in other electronics (such as video game controllers and the like). I feel like I either am forced to buy an AC adapter or to keep a supply of 20+ batteries on hand just to be able to get through 1 day of photography.I mainly use the camera to take pictures of products for my job. I have a tripod and image stabilization is not usually an issue for me, but sometimes the camera seems to struggle to focus. This is especially true if you're zoomed in too far. It does not want to focus at all at that point, and what good are zoomed in photos if they're blurry?Another issue I've found is that some of the more advanced controls are confusing. The user's guide does an okay job of explaining them, but if I recall correctly, it wasn't very detailed. I had to do research online to find out about the different functions and how to use them correctly. That might not be true for everyone since I'm not that experienced with digital cameras, but it's something to note.The camera features several white balance settings, but none of them work that well in my experience. All of my photos turn out too dark even when changing the exposure. I always have to do major editing in Paint Shop Pro, Photoshop, etc. to get the images to look decent. In a related note, the flash doesn't help much with that either. Again, the photos are either too dark or too bright. There's no "just right" setting apparently. Granted that was without proper lighting, and having recently acquired better lighting, the camera seems to be working a little better in terms of not being excessively dark, but they still require a good deal of editing. I wish there were a way to just make the background a solid color, a gradient, a pattern, or something else other than what is shown, prior to taking the photo, that way the exposure and all of that only affects the object being photographed.So in summary, it's an okay camera, but there's definitely better out there I'm sure. It'll suffice for average needs, but be sure to either pick up the AC adapter or be prepared to spend a ton of money on batteries and/or recharging batteries every 5-10 photos.