Fuji has another fine, new, advanced compact point-and-shoot.  My review is not intended for the deep hobbyist.  If you are one, you may well agree with my rating and conclusions, but the detail you need is to be found in these other reviews, especially the shot-by shot-documentation of each feature, available on blogs and other fora.No camera is perfect.  I cannot do with only one or two.  Engineering design is the art of trade-offs.  So I begin by giving my conclusions on who will most likely agree with my five stars.  Firstly, this rating rests upon this price point being comfortably within your budget.  Double the price and maybe it becomes a four.  Quadruple it and you are in a different class altogether.  Yet you can find acceptable quality if your budget still needs something 20-25% lower.- Good for the complete novice, yet worthy of serious consideration by the demanding hobbyist.  Easy to use immediately with loads to explore over time.- Good for those who never want to leave home without a camera in your pocket or in a dedicated section of handbag, but not for careless carrying.  The build quality is fine but the shutter is vulnerable because there is no lens cap.  I use a small bag for extra protection when in heavy action. The rear screen that you use to see your shots is a tad less recessed than before. Therefore you want to guard against careless abrasion were you to set it down.- Good for travel.  I bought two extra batteries for a day away from the hotel.- Good for birders, as if anything were ever good enough.- Good for bright outdoors and fast action.FinePix's F70EXR has 10x zoom (compared to the far more common 3x-5x zoom of other models) ; it is a noticeable touch lighter in weight and is proportionately smaller.The F70 allows me to frame high contrast pictures in the Phoenix full sun with better results. Similarly, the Super i-Flash prevents whiteouts. I am amazed by the good pictures taken in the near dark with natural low light. Pictures of fireworks look saturated with color like my old 25 ASA film. Pictures of the moon, using a tripod, are remarkable.You are trading down in resolution to ten mega-pixel, and really, more like five.  Only you can decide how much that matters in this pocket size.  I clearly prefer the full twelve of the F200EXR, but that is only because of my photographic targets and inclinations.  Likewise the macro mode is quite adequate for those close ups of flowers, but not best in class.  Another worthy comparison would be the Canon G10, but the tradeoff in price may not suit you sufficiently.I am not bothered by the video quality.  You get audio, and it is there for those rare times when you are just thankful you had video in quick and easy reach.  If movies are that important, better look elsewhere.If you plan to do lots of set-up shots, especially in lower natural light, a tripod will be most useful along with the portrait mode and lighting options.  Things like good breathing and elbow rests help stability on the go.Finally, for you new to this mania, er, hobby, there is an interesting learning curve.  The rank beginner can be taking pictures successfully in the time it takes to charge the battery.  Just use the time to read the first few section of the user manual.  If you never want to go beyond the basics, there is a new world of options and features from the latest generation of sensors and signal processing.  Be aware that, although the camera stands alone, there is additional software available.  Then there is the whole world of post-processing that changes your camera to a front end and your computer the middle to back end.  There is so much to work through that the learning curve can have a low slope after the first day.  The best way to get through the steep curve is to keep good records of all settings and choices so you can learn in a focused, aware manner.  You will understand your preferences, and the Fuji's limitations. If the very idea of that approach gives you a headache, just keep it simple.  But you are missing a lot of fascinating power and flexibility.  All engineering design is managing trade-offs.  The art of design is fitting the package together well.  This camera deserves strong attention.