My last point and shoot digital camera was a 2 mega pixel camera from Canon (Digital Elph S200).  Then I bought my first DSLR, the Nikon D70.  Ever since, I loved my D70 so much and I thought that I would not need a point and shoot camera any more. Wrong.  I realized that the D70 was heavy for me and I did not carry it unless I really really needed it.  The number of the pictures that I took have been decreasing and finally, I wanted to have a compact camera that I could carry anywhere easily.  And I did not want to sacrifice the picture quality.  Then here comes the Fuji F70EXR.I have a friend who has been using only Fuji digital cameras.  He loves the compactness and the picture quality of Fuji Finepix cameras, and I was surprised by the pictures that the Fuji cameras took.  So, I was expecting that the F70EXR would take great pictures and yes, it does take beautiful pictures even in conditions that most compact digital cameras do not like..These days, almost any digital cameras from well known companies can take gorgeous pictures under bright daylight.  So my focus goes to the point on how great pictures that the F70EXR can take in low light conditions.  As a matter of fact, I take more pictures indoor than outdoor since I take pictures of my kids most of the time.  The F70EXR offers a special mode called pro low-light mode.  What it does is that it takes 4 continuous pictures under the low light condition and combines those 4 shots into 1 picture to make the picture brighter and the picture has surprisingly low noise.  You should not shake your camera while it is taking 4 shots in a row though.  Once I got used to it, I was able create a very nice picture under dim lights, such as candles on a birthday cake.  This is the best program that I found on the F70EXR.  If you have shaky hands, you would get blurry (but bright) pictures, though.  The F70EXR has another low light mode called a high sensitivity and low noise, and it creates decent pictures indoor.  However, I liked the pro low-light mode better, since it makes a great picture under the extreme light condition that most cameras fail to make decent pictures.The second program mode that I really like from the F70EXR is the pro focus mode. It mimicks a DSLR camera in a very interesting way.  Several of my friends bought DSLR cameras just to take soft focus background pictures.  People love portrait pictures that have a sharp focus for the subject with soft focus for the background. To create these type of pictures, you would need a bright lens for your DSLR.  However, without changing or buying a comparatively expensive lens, you can do that with the F70EXR by selecting the pro focus mode.  The F70EXR recognizes the background and blurs it so that it looks like a blurred background picture.  I never expected this kind of picture from a point and shoot camera, and I really enjoyed it.  I recommended the F70EXR to my friend who wanted to take this kind of picture without knowing much about the camera.I also liked the natural & flash mode that takes 2 continuous pictures with and without the flash. I frequently use this mode when I do not know whether I should fire a flash or not.  This is a pretty good idea.  I do not know whether this feature is popular among other cameras, however, it has been working very well for me.  And there are just too many program modes that I cannot describe here one by one.Oh, I should mention this.  This camera has a built-in memory which is approximately 47 MB.  This was a life saver for me when I forgot to bring a memory card.  I could have lost precious moments if there were no internal memory in it. I thank Fuji for that.The one thing that I did not like the most is that it does not have a motion senser to record if the picture is taken horizontally or vertically.  You need to manually rotate pictures when you see the pictures on the computer screen (or any device that can show the digital pictures).  And the video can be taken only up to 640 * 480 resolution in 30 frames per second.  I see many compact digital cameras  on the market taking HD videos. However, I have HD camcorders to do this job, so this does not bother me much.Since other reviewers have pointed out so many features of this camera, I was focusing on the things that I really like.  Overall, the F70EXR is a very good camera to have.  The F70EXR feels solid and takes great pictures under low light conditions which I care about the most.  And many program modes can be accessed very easily.  If you are not sure about which point and shoot digital camera to buy, but take many pictures indoor, the F70EXR would be the best choice for you.