Most reviewers purchased this product for the same reasons and have had the same experiences.  They want an abuse-proof and/or waterproof camera (probably have kids, too) and, yes, the pictures are good but not as good as their old Canon that was crushed or dropped.Same for me. I had (2) Canons, one dropped with the lens extended, the other forgotten in my bathing suit mesh pocket.  My 8 mega-pixel Canon SD870-IS took consistently clearer, richer photos than this one.  By a wide margin? No, but it's noticeable when browsing my photo library.Where this camera excels is in its durability and I suspect most folks requiring this functionality will end up purchasing something in the Stylus SW line.  Ironically, it hasn't been dropped yet, but it's gotten dirty, wet, and dusty.  I no longer have to obsess about seeing or imagining motes of dust in the lens.  This camera is air-tight and I like that the lens is fixed.  Best part is that the directions tell you to clean the camera under running water.  Nice.I went in the pool with this camera for 20 minutes and followed the included wet-care instructions and didn't encounter the problems claimed by other reviewers.  That doesn't mean they're not true -- maybe the camera was defective or the environment subjected to the camera was more severe.As for camera performance, well it's OK.  I'm not going to go into technical details but 1) I experience a lot of white, bleached faces with the auto setting and 2) occasional inconsistent flash leading to image blurring.  Image stabilization for low-light photography is ho-hum and certainly inferior to the beloved Canon.Some elements that are top-notch for a point&shoot; though (and exceed my Canon):- Camera takes wonderful panoramic photos with auto-stitching on the fly.  A dummy could use it and get seamless images.- High-speed photos in manual-mode look great- A plethora of useful presets such as available light, candlelight, and cuisine- Macro mode takes stunning pics with LED flash optionsNow to movie mode which is now quite decent. There used to be *so* many caveats with movie length and what memory cards are compatible with what movie mode that aren't worth mentioning.  Suffice it to say that there have been major improvements in the latest firmware version 1.1.  Read on:- With an Olympus xD TypeM+ or TypeH card you can record movies (640x480, 30fps) up to the full capacity of the card (max xD card size is still 2GB I think). However, a single movie can't exceed 29 minutes.- Lameness still exists when using micro SDHC or non M+/H xD cards.  640x480, 30fps is still limited to 10 seconds (??).  However, 4GB+ mSDHC cards are now supported for movie-mode full card capacity *although* only in 320x240.  Single movie length is likewise limited to 29 minutes.Bottom line: download and install the firmware from the Olympus site.Last but not least, (2) final things:1) Regular usb cables aren't compatible with Olympus devices so add another cable to detangle from the spaghetti.2) Why, oh why is Olympus still using xD memory cards? The fact that these cameras support micro SDHC cards with an adapter is just a sign that xD has limited time on this planet.  They're trailing in capacity, more expensive, and larger.  I made sure I ordered an 8GB microSDHC SanDisk card with this camera.  I only use the 2GB xD M+ when I know I'm going to be recording a movie and don't feel like bringing a camcorder (note to self: buy a Flip HD).In summary:- 5 stars, Durability- 3 stars, General, auto-mode photo quality vs. Canon- 4 stars, Camera functionality- 3 stars, Movie functionality- This camera looks great - sexy comes to mind but I didn't say it.  Canon has the waterproof, shock-resistant D10 but it looks bubbly, like a Fisher Price kid camera.- For features/price this camera wins over the Olympus Stylus Tough 8000. With that model you pay a price premium for the 2 extra mega-pixels.  Otherwise everything else is identical even down to the image processor.