I have a very nice Olympus digital camera is a notch up from the point-and-shoot category, and just purchased this camera to supplement it.  The decision came down to 4 thing: 1) good video capability; 2) compact size; 3) low price; 4) good still-photo capabilities.I have to say that people who complain about this camera's low-light and indoor capabilities have a point.  The combination of a "slow" lens and very weak flash mean that it's just not very good indoors.  However, I think the former is a limitation of many compact zoom cameras, not just this one.  What is a "slow" lens?  It's simply a lens that doesn't let in much light and therefore causes the camera to compensate with slower shutter speeds (resulting in more blurring due to camera or subject movement) and/or a higher ISO (resulting in grainier pictures).  A slow lens is one characterized with a high "maximum aperture" f-stop number.  For this camera the value is f3.9 for wide-angle and f4.4 for telephoto.  A good SLR camera, by comparison, would have values around f2.0 or lower for wide-angle.  This makes sense since the tiny lens a compact camera (especially in a non-protruding design like this one, perhaps) trades off aperture for size.  But it means that low-light and indoor capabilities suffer.  I compared the stats of this camera with a few other compact cameras and it appears that others do a little better in this regard, but I don't know if it's enough to make a difference.  However a compact camera with a slightly better aperture rating and a less-worthless flash would likely take noticably better indoor pictures.  The flash on this camera has an effective range of something like 9 feet.  I took a picture from my kitchen into the living room and they came out dark and with a camera-shake warning.Interestingly, taking video in the same location turned out fine.  Presumably the lower resolution for the video (640x480) allowed the camera to compensate for the (relatively) low light.  It looks like the video capability will meet my needs of having being able to record simple videos of my kids' events with a device I can carry in my jacket pocket.I'll still use my bulkier Olympus camera for certain types of pictures since it offers more control and is better for indoors.  But it's nice to have a camera that much more compact and that can take good video.  The combination of 60 fps (frames per second) and MPEG-4 compression means this can take more fluid videos while using less memory.  A couple Olympus alternatives I looked at had neither of these, so the video should be of lower quality (arguably; quality depends on more factors than just fps) and take up more space (meaning fewer minutes of recording on a memory card).Don't worry about this camera being "only" 5 megapixels unless you typically print bigger than 8x10 pictures or if you tend to do aggressive cropping when you work with the pictures on your computer.  If you just point, shoot and print, you will never see a difference between a 5 MP camera and one with more pixels.  Or if you do it's not because of the pixels is because of other technologies that the more expensive or newer camera bring with it.One final note: this camera has excellent power-on-to-first-picture and button-to-picture times, much better than my other digital camera.  In other words, you can turn the camera on and take a picture nearly instantaneously, and when you press the button to take a picture it immediately takes the picture.  On my Olympus there is a frustrating pause between pressing the button and having the picture captures.  If you're taking a picture of something moving (e.g., someone jumping into the pool) you literally have to anticipate the shot and press the button before the person is in position.  That is much less true with this camera.  If the recent Consumer Reports figures are correct this camera is perhaps the best compact camera in this regard.