The Trendnet TV-IP422W is a cool camera to have when it works over the wireless network and if it can be seen through the internet in a protected mode.  I've got it set up perfectly behind a double firewall so that I can use a local address from within my home network or so that I can access the router through DDNS outside my home (like when I'm on vacation, office, or anywhere where I can have wifi access).  There are two major hurdles (maybe 3 if optical zoom is considered):1) The Infrared LED lamps that surround the lens turn on automatically in dim light conditions.  Since this camera can only be an indoor camera and if you put it near a window or anything that is reflect EMR, the camera basically becomes useless.  This is why this camera cannot be used with an enclosure and this is the main reason why I said that this camera is for indoors only (besides the fact that the power adapter is for indoors).  If you want a camera to see outside in the dark or dim lighting through a window, the cousin camera IP-410WN will be a better option since it does not have the Infrared LED lights.  I really don't know why Trendnet didn't think to have a manual or a configurable option to turn off the IR LEDs or supply a filter that will block out the reflected Infrared radiation.2) The second and most annoying thing about this camera is that it needs to be rebooted every so often due to overheating.  At first, I thought it was my routers that were causing the problem.  I also thought that the disconnected state may be an improperly configured network as well.  But, I discovered that even after unplugging and plugging the power source back in after 5 to 10 seconds, the camera is still not back on the network.  I double checked all my network settings, rebooted my routers, and even hardwired the network cable to the router (which works even when the camera is overheated).  Then, I discovered that the camera's underside is very hot.  So, I let it cool down and rebooted it.  After that, it works.  I tried to raise the camera off a flat surface in hopes it'll cool down.  But this doesn't seem to work.  One thing that seems to work is if it was sitting on top of an old hard drive, which is all metal.  So, that go me thinking of putting it on a heat sink with a fan.  Currently, I don't have a flat small heat sink and fan, but I put it on top of a steel plate with holes.  I'll see how long the camera will work before I have to cool it and reboot it again.There is another minor issue with the recording of the videos that I encountered.  Once in a while, when you press the manual record in IE, the camera will record for days on end without stopping.  Most times, when I press record and go out of the house, I find later that the recording stopped half an hour into recording or the recordings stop several hours in.  It's kind of unreliable.  I'm not sure if it's caused by the overheating issue or other network issues.It's too bad that the Infrared LED's cannot be turned off manually.  I think I can resolve the overheating issue myself.  And if this camera had optical zoom like the newer TV-IP612WN, this would be an awesome camera.  But that's why Trendnet made the IP612WN, but it's so expensive, it's priced itself out of the market.