This is my first digital camera. It can be used on fully automatic settings, fully manual, or a combination of auto and manual.  It's very versatile that way.  I didn't read the user manuals that came with it, I just started using it.  It took me about an hour of shooting and two sets of batteries to figure out all the different options and features it has.  So I'd say the controls are pretty easy to learn and understand.It's pretty easy on batteries, as long as you don't use the flash.  I put some cheaper Rayovac alkaline batteries (size AA) in it after the first set went dead and the camera has no problem with them.  The flash drains the batteries quickly though - I didn't count the number of photos, but I probably only got 20 or 30 flash photos before the "low battery" warning started blinking.  But the warning comes early - you can take another 15 or so photos after the low battery warning pops up.  I don't know how many it'll take without the flash, but it's a lot more than when you're using the flash.The upside is that this camera is VERY sensitive to light, so it hardly even needs a flash.  Frankly, as on most compact cameras, the flash sucks.  It's too bright and flattens images.  But if you have decent lighting indoors, the thing is so light sensitive it takes good photos without the flash.  I suppose you'd need the flash if you were taking photos inside someplace dark, like a pub or bar, but in places like houses where there are usually plenty of lights on, it does great without a flash.It'll record up to an hour of video on a 1G SD card, which is great, because it also has a mic that works perfectly so you get good audio too.The photos are great - crystal clear and sharp.  Most cameras come with a 3x optical zoom at this price, but this camera has a 4x optical zoom.  It really helps, especially when you can't simply step closer to your subject for some reason.Here's the one thing I didn't like about this camera.  Out of the box, on the fully auto setting, it takes very bright, sharp, and high contrast photos.  Great, right?  Unless you're taking pictures of people.Few people look their best with their foreheads, cheekbones, and chins highlighted by bright, high contrast photos while their faces are somehow oddly flattened.  But if you play around with the manual exposure and color settings, you can pretty easily set it right so it takes normal looking pictures.  And because you can adjust only those setting you want to change, you can still benefit from the auto features you want to use.  Once I found the settings I liked, I left it that way and the camera remembers them, so it's still a point and shoot camera, but with my customized settings.It seems very sturdy, much more so than many of the cameras I looked at in stores before buying this one.  It's too heavy to carry in your shirt pocket, but it's no problem in a cargo pocket or in your pants pocket if you're wearing pants with big pockets.I think this is a high quality, versatile camera at a great price.  It's great in almost every way, but just be aware that there's a bit of a learning curve at the outset to find the combination of settings that'll allow you to produce more "natural" looking photos if that's important to you.