This camera is great!  The new DIGIC 4 processor for the camera provides many features not found on older generations of Canon Cameras.  Before buying this camera my two choices were the Canon SD3500 IS and the Nikon s8000.  Both looked intriguing in different ways.  The SD3500is had the 3.5 inch touch screen while the Nikon had the 10x zoom.  I settled on the Canon because of past experience with their previous cameras and with their great customer service.  I may be biased, but I feel Canon makes a better camera and Nikon makes a better binocular, but I digress.  The simplicity and intuitive controls are a major plus.  I was a bit worried about the screen but it is made of reinforced glass and has quite a solid feel throughout.  You can even use the camera with gloves on which is a major plus if you are outside and it is cold (my first real test of the camera was in Barrow, AK at -20F).  The only real downside I have for the camera is the battery/sd card door is a bit flimsy feeling when not closed, but it hasn't given me any issues to date.  The only other downside, which isn't really a downside, is that many of the features of the camera may seem novelty to some such as the ability to change all the bright lights in a room into heart or star shapes.  I certainly don't have much of a reason to use it unless I want to get cheesy with my girlfriend.  I bought a Sandisk Ultra II 16 gig class 4 card for the camera and everything works real smooth with it.  I am able to hold over 4,000 photos at 14.1 mp or 1.5 hours of HD video.  The class 6 cards may be a little overboard for this camera and a class 2 may or may not be enough for the HD video to run smoothly, but I haven't been able to test those ideas.  If you really want a nice camera with all kinds of fun and useful features and new age touch screen coolness then I highly recommend this camera.-Update 5/4/2011So far this camera has been phenomenal for all my picture taking.  It even went through some hard times and came out shining.  It was left on top of my car and slid down my front window onto my hood as I was driving down the highway.  Needless to say it has a dent in it, but the camera works just as well as before and the glass is not scratched at all (I don't use those protective glass covers either)  I had intended on using it for low activity days but I have quickly found out that it was actually very rugged.  I take it out hiking, snowshoeing or whatever.  It slides easily down into my pocket and even when it is raining I don't worry about it.  Also, on the picture quality.  It is very good.  It all depends on how you use the camera.  The Foliage setting on the camera really brings out great colors for plants and the point and touch focus is HUGE for focusing in on what you want.  There might be better cameras (haven't really researched since purchasing the SD3500is) out there now but if the price is right on this camera I would buy it again.-Update 8/12/2012Camera has been working wonderfully since I purchased it two years ago.  I take it outside for hikes mostly and it never fails.  I did manage to crack the screen on it 6 months ago, but I was able to replace the touch screen.  Works just like new.  The battery on the camera is awesome.  Honestly I almost never have to think about charting the battery.  I can think of only 3 times that I have ever seen the low battery warning.