I purchased this camera for my 5 year old daughter, who had been begging for a "real" camera for quite some time. We were preparing for a trip to Costa Rica and it seemed the perfect time for such a gift.Well I must say that we just returned from our trip yesterday and here I am now ordering this exact same camera for myself!Both my husband and I were highly impressed with the ease of use and great pictures this camera takes. Granted - if you see yourself as some consummate photographer this is not the unit for yo - but for your average person who wants great pictures without having to fiddle with various focusing mechanisms, fancy settings, etc. this unit is perfect!I took over my little girl's brand new camera to some extent because it was just so easy to use. By the time my husband would have his more expensive camera ready to snap I had taken several snaps on this little gem of a camera - it was great!! It has many features we didn't use - pretty much just straight forward pictures and the zoom feature was it. However just with that our holiday pictures are great. We inserted a 2GB card and took about 380 pictures and there seemed to be room for several hundred more. We were gone for 12 days, took pictures at least 9-10 days of that and only used 1/3 of the battery or so. We didn't use the software as we just insert the memory card into our laptops to upload, so can't comment on any of that.One feature that I found especially invaluable is the built in lens cover which also functions as the on/off for the camera (camera on when you open it, camera off when you close). The beauty is that the camera lens is protected without the bother of having to use a camera case. You can carry this camera in your pocket, in your purse, on your wrist or in hand without any worry of damage. When you want to use it you just slide open the lens cover & snap your quick picture. There is no fuss or bother with a case and no long warm up period - it's essentially ready to go when you open the lens cover to turn it on. This feature quick snaps while on the go and other spur of the moment pictures incredibly easy. I didn't have to worry about damaging the lens (and especially so, I didn't have to worry about my 5 y.o. daughter damaging the lens)At one point during our trip my 5 year old wasn't paying attention and feel down pretty hard off a curb - camera and all smashing to the pavement. The camera took a what seemed to be a hard hit on the pavement and we thought for sure it would be broken. Nope! The camera now has a little brown permanent scar on one corner from the fall, but otherwise it is completely fine. Had it not had the built in lens cover it likely would have been seriously damaged for sure, as the front is what hit when she fell.You know why I love this thing, but what about my original purpose of having this a camera for my 5 year old?!? Well, for those considering it for kids, My 5 y.o. daughter LOVES this camera. It has been easy for her to use and carry and she loves that it isn't goofy or clunky like most kids cameras. It's also great that it takes tons of pictures as you'll likely get some odd stuff based on a 5 y/o's idea of great pictures (lovely curbs, stitching on a bedspread, dirt, and so on...). I recommend it for responsible little ones who will be able to remember to shut the lens cover (which is easy since that turns it off) after each shot to protect the lens. The point and shoot aspect is so easy even a 3 y.o. can use this camera.All-in-all, this is a GREAT camera for responsible and smart little ones in addition to being a GREAT camera for adults! Our whole family is impressed and we will shortly own two of these once mine arrives.