This camera offers all the manual controls you need, plus several preset shooting modes to simplify life, at a very cheap price!.  Because it uses 4 AA batteries instead of specialty expensive lithion-ion batteries, you can shop around for the cheapest recharble nimh's.  Also because it uses the Compact Flash card, these cards are readily the cheapest out there, and availble in large sizes, plus any multi card reader usually has the compact flash, because it's the most used card in electronics.  the camera itself is a bit bigger then u'd assume, but can fit funnily in most kahki pants pockets- jean wearers beware if u wear semi fit to tight jeans.  The photos this camera takes can be quite exellent, although as with all digital photos, extra sharpening is advised(around 80%-100% i'v found is adequate).  Also purple fringing is very noticible in shorts with high contrast in light levels.. such as fireworks.  Colors are perfect matches, while it may seem like those kodak cameras can take better looking photos, it is because kodak uses a special algorithm to make the colors more saturated and whatnot, in other words, kodak manipulates the colors of images so they look better then real-life, whearas canon photos are 100% exact color matches nearly all the time.  ISO 50 to 400 are available , but once again i advise not to use higher then iso100 because images become significantly noisey with extreme film grain visibility.. "iso" is the light sensitivity of the camera to take brighter pics in lower light levels, but at the cost of grain and noise(grain and noise are pixels of unnaturual colors within the photograph, that cause the photo to look very "digitally processed).  The camera comes with a new digic proccessor which speeds up the focosing tremendously, and allows for faster operations in general.. for example the time it takes to turn the camera on is about 2-3 seconds, and the time the camera actually takes the picture after u press the shutter release button is unnoticeable. with about 2 seconds between single shot images, but u can also use drive mode, where u hold the shutter button and it can take about 10 pics at 2pictures per second. then u need to wait 6-10 seconds for the images to write to the memory card.  The camera now has 5 focusing areas within the image, and the camera chooses the best ones to focus with, this may be quicker and easier some of the time, preferably i turn this off and just use the center box to focus so that i know what the camera will focus on myself.  the ability to manually focus is very helpful, because u can set the focus to infinity for fireworks or landscapes without relying on the "landscape" preset mode, also it allows you to prefocus on a spot so u can take photos quicker for fast action events.  Almost forgot a big detail-movie mode. this camera offers VGA resolutions of 640 by 480 pixels, at 15 frames per second. you can take up to 30seconds of video at a time with this resolution, or u can use lower resolutions for 3 minute video clips at a time.  personally i love this! i always use the larger resolution and end up filling my camera with more movie clips then photos at parties or special events!  the files are saved as .avi extentions  and can be played using most all movie players such as windows media player.  Also if u have windows xp, and have downloaded the windows movie maker 2, you can use this clips to make a pretty darn good short film to help you remember those special and fun events in life!  This camera is a great find, and buy for the manual, preset, and auto modes it provides  along with canon's reputable brand name(canon by the way makes all the parts to their camera's themselves, in other words, canon owns all facilities used to make their cameras).  The photos this camera takes are great and may be printed without any need to enhance the images afterwords.. but it's advised to use an autoimage correction, and some sharpening and see if the picture looks beter afterwords.  And if the pictures u take look a little, dull in the colors, just use the "vivid" setting and make ur colors stick out more!  ***recommendations:  You need to buy at least 1 or 2 4 packs of AA rechargable Nimh batteries, with a charger.  You'll want to buy a case of some sort for this camera,  Buy a Compact Flash card! this is very serious! i would recommend transcend 32x cards or lexmark 32x and up cards. i use a 256mb card, and still find it's not enough space for all the video clips and photos i take!  Take the time to buy a compact flash card reader for your computer while your at it, this allows faster write speeds from the card to your computer, and does not drain your camera's batteries.  Invest in a microfiber cloth to clean your lense, if someone touches the lense(whenever i let someone hold my camera they end up pressing on the lense without knowing it, because they are used to larger film cameras!).  DO NOT USE GLASS CLEANER ON THE LENSE, OR AN ORDINARY CLOTH, glass cleaning solvent contains chemicals that can harm and damage the lense special chemical coatings, and an ordinary cloth scratches the lense even if u cant see the scratches by looking into the lense.  personally i find just buying a microfiber cloth and using ur breath's moisture enough to clean the lense, without needing to buy a special lense cleaning solvent.  u may want to look at the sony dsc-p8 or p-72, the kodak dx6340, minolta dimage s404, or olympus d-560 zoom.