I bought myself this camera last year when the price was nearly $180. I spent a great deal of time researching the camera, looking at other options in a similar price bracket and ease of use. Initially I was happy with my purchase, the camera seemed to take good pictures on the smart capture setting - but the more I used my camera the less happy I became.First, I find it EXTREMELY annoying that every time I shut my camera off it reverts back to smart capture. This is such a pain! If I turn my camera off to save battery life during an event I have to choose the options I want again. Such a hassle of time - mostly because of the slow response of the camera and touch screen.Second, the touch screen option seems cool and awesome at first, but believe me it's not. It's slow to respond, and half the time doesn't recognize the option I am touching.Third, this camera is SLOW. Don't rely on the Slice for important events such as Christmas, birthdays or kids games & performances because this camera is the slowest thing I have EVER used. Not only is it slow regarding the options panel and toch screen - it take 5-30 seconds to snap a picture! Half the time when it snaps a picture it flashes takes an ok picture, than flashes again and takes a picture that is TOO bright, turning the picture all white. Yes, this is partially my fault because I press the button to take a picture more than once, BUT when I press the button down to snap a photo I assume the photo will be immediately taken after pressing - so I press again because nothing happens after more than five seconds. That is ridiculous.Fourth, the picture quality isn't that great. Outside when the sun is shining pictures are pretty awesome. Inside, in cloudy weather, etc - horrible pictures. And yes I have used the Program settings and adjusted - but they still come out fuzzy or when enlarged slightly - pixelated. My iPhone takes better photos - no joke.Fifth, the amount of photos that result in red-eye is mind-boggling. Every single photo of my children they all have crazy red eye or look as if they have cataracts. I've owned two Sony cameras and another Kodak and have NEVER experienced this amount of red eye with any of them.Overall I would suggest that no one waste their money on this camera. It's not worth it at this point until the tech gets upgraded. The main reason I chose this camera was because the whole back was an LCD screen - I'd rather have a tiny screen than this. I also though the touch screen sounded like a great idea - I have an iPhone and iPad, so I was no stranger to touch screen technology - but this one just doesn't respond in a timely matter.My husband purchased another Kodak while we were on vacation that was about $70 in Walmart and his camera is awesome. I am thinking of getting rid of this one and getting the same camera.And last but not least - my camera freezes constantly. While I am taking photos it will do one of two things - say "Processing" forever or just turn to a black screen. I can't even shut the camera off. I have to pull out the battery. My husband suggested perhaps my memory card was full or too small, but I have a 8gig Kodak memory card - and every time I take photos I port them to my computer and delete from my camera.All in all - don't buy this camera. I love the Kodak brand, but this one was an epic failure :(