As many have said, the camera certainly takes decent pictures. There were a few things I liked about it:1. Records good video with sound during zoom. Many point-and-shoot cameras cut sound out during zoom or cannot zoom at all. You can change the quality from HD to standard, as well. A nice addition.2. Brilliant 14MP quality on subjects about 1-2 meters away.3. Panorama mode. While not a "sweep panorama", the 3 picture mode on this model is sufficient and easy to use.4. Can actually switch automatically between macro and auto-focus/infinity based on what you are pointing the camera at.5. Really liked the strong zoom capabilities. Although at full zoom pictures aren't amazing, no camera for less than a thousand bucks can offer that.There were also some things I didn't love:1. Macro mode, in one word or less - HORRIBLE. Taking pictures close-up (and no matter what setting - macro, text, Image Stabilizer, flash/no flash) looks a bit like what things may look like with a blood-alcohol content above .30. It is near impossible to get a solid picture at closer than 6 inches. Flash will "white-out" any object, and no flash will cause complete blurriness.2. Ease-of use. While some cameras have a dial to change settings, this one is a single button placed on top of the camera next to the flash. And it is flush with the camera, just like the flash and shutter buttons. For those of you who need something really easy, this isn't the one for you. Although I had no major problems finding anything, I was not impressed by the navigability. Not to mention, every time you turn the camera off and go to use it again, the setting goes back to the default. To get the one you wanted, you have to go through and find it again. And finding scene settings (night portrait, fireworks, snow, etc.) can take a little while.3. Editing ability/red-eye. There aren't any real editing features in-camera like I hoped for. I took several pictures of a friend (trying to dial in the settings) and found that the "red-eye removal" feature doesn't always do its job. You can set it to pre-flash or digital correction. While I had more luck with digital correction, red-eye was still sometimes a problem, and unlike my ancient Samsung SL310, you cannot enter the picture in the camera and remove it.The ugly:You've either read about it before or will read about it after this....FREEZE!Like the majority of other reviewers, I also was the victim of the camera's meaningless tendency to suddenly and inexplicably quit working. As I was thumbing through some pictures I had taken and decided that I was actually liking the camera, the screen went totally black. The camera stayed on, soI had to remove the battery and put it back in just to get the thing to turn off. It happened a second time shortly after the first. I had taken no more that 25 or 30 pictures in a two-hour period and already had a big issue. Others mention that the battery takes too long to charge, but since I returned the camera immediately after the second time it froze, I cannot comment on that. I did initially charge the battery after I checked the level, which was about half strength, and it seemed to charge at a normal pace. But a brand new camera should not have a problem like the one I (and many others) experienced. There is a reason that the word "freezing" is in the tags at the bottom of the review screen.I can't say I loved the camera but I also didn't hate it.  I have operated worse in the same price range, but also some that were/are far better. As far as a recommendation, all I can say is proceed with caution. Make sure you purchase it from a retailer that allows returns without a big fight (Amazon, Wal-Mart).