The previous reviews say everything I have found . I received mine and it was up and running quickly . I would expect to spend a day off to figure out a system and a little more time to tweak it and get set up online . I just want to address  those who complained about the lights on the cameras .You can turn them off in the software there are check boxes in the setaup area under advanced options . Actually in a store they work great becuase people who think their on camera are more honest if you can tell a employee what they were doing they will think twice about how they act too  . Now at home I wanted them hidden too as well as the camearas. You will have to be ingeneous and do some thinking as you need to keep them vented . The man that made bird houses and ran electric out in his yard thats great . What is poor about the system is you can only have 6 cameras and more is always better unless you dedicate another computer . Make sure your internet cables are buried and have at least PVC protection with some deterant protecting them from being easily cut too  . IF you use cameras  outside your home put cords up above sofits run back into buildings so they cant be unpluged easily by theives . It works . Its not cheap when you figure out what 4 cameras cost and that it works independant of a home alarm system however the main thing is it is easily doable and works very well over the net with no special programing . When the elderly widow on here told me she did this herself I have been ill and figured I could too . I did but it takes more then 15 minutes to set up unless your doing the indoor or spy cam out in the open inside . Don't forget to put social security numbers on your cameras just in case . The best cameras are placed with secure cords and locations . figure out a way to make them harder to detect or notice .Do try plugs before doing a full instal . I had no trouble positioning these myself .For msyelf at home I put some in . Cereal boxes with vent holes in the back and top and they work great inside or ? You just have to think . The easiest way for me to reset all the cameras is just turn off the main breaker inside the home . I am trying to figure out how to do this remotely incase I leave for long periods of time . Anyone have a clue  ? The computer is on a backup supply power so it wont hurt it and it came with reset software if that becomes necessary . I have remote internet control for my machine but keep it blocked most the time . Wilife on their site explains how you can do a bios change to power on the machine after a outage as your computer must be on for the system to work . I will add come back and write some more as time passes  . Hope this helps a little . They dont tell you but board camera lenses work on the indoor camears you can change them for different veiws see my review of their IR Illuminator  . The camera is great but it works poorly in low light without  the infared kit they sell . Just buy it if you want to monitor  24 hours period  .BTW its 15 watts per camera to run and a tad more for the IR adapters . I use some LED lighting at night inside but infared cctv lighting is best . When you go to IR you loose some color but I didnt loose all like is claimed .  God Bless .