I recently upgraded to the K-X from a Panasonic FZ50.  I wanted a lightweight camera that could shoot in low light.  (I purchased the 50-200mm kit, since this telephoto is significantly lighter than the 55-300mm.)  I was drawn to the K-X's low noise profile at high ISOs.  The first thing I noticed upon using the camera is that the K-X is very responsive and fast.  The controls and menus are intuitive and very easy to navigate.Image Quality:  I was pleased with the first images out of the camera, letting the K-X choose the exposure values.  Good clarity, exposure, white balance, and color value. No discernible chromatic aberration.  I have also used shutter mode when I want a narrow depth of field.  The camera seems to create a pleasing bokeh.  In scenes with flowers and fruit stalls, the colors are rich and vivid.  The in camera digital filters were an unexpected treat.  You can get creative with this camera w/o resorting to Photoshop.  I shoot a lot of landscapes, and K-X produced decent results.  Compared with my earlier camera, the K-X seems to have a much wider dynamic range.  The relatively brighter sky does not cause the camera to underexpose the land.  I have some questions about the white balance and color space in landscape work.  However, with some tweaking via the accompanying Pentax Digital Camera Utility software, I have been satisfied with the results.  While exploring this, I noticed that I actually prefer the default color space to Adobe RGB, which suggests that Pentax has worked hard to produce a pleasing image right out of the camera.  The supplied software seems very flexible compared to an earlier version of Silky Pix.  I love the fact that I can modify the white balance and exposure value of JPEGs, in addition to the other processing options.  The software would be enhanced if one could use it to apply the camera's digital filters.  Then you wouldn't have to drain the battery to let the camera do the processing.  Another enhancement would be to include a digital grad filter.  But perhaps this is too much to expect.One of the features of this camera is that it can combine multiple images to create an HDR.  I use HDR a great deal in my work.  However, the HDR images from this camera seemed lifeless and washed out - especially the stronger HDR2.  I will continue to experiment with this, but probably will stick with combining images in the HDR software I use.One flaw that may point to less than optimal factory conditions that K-X seems to suffer from dust issues.  The first camera I received showed multiple spots on the images after I changed the lens in very clean, indoor conditions.  I returned this camera, and the second camera immediately showed  dust inside the viewfinder, which thus far I have been unable to remove.  The dust removal system did remove some other dust that appeared on the sensor.  While the viewfinder dust does not affect the image, it was annoying to see it there on the first day of use.  After reading about DSLRs and dust, I have picked up a Giotto Rocket Blaster, which is a tool that can be used to blow dust off the sensor.  Since the Panasonic had a fixed lens, dust was never a problem.Pros:Low noise at high ISOLight weight - even with 50-200mm lensIn camera digital filters can unleash your creativityExcellent quality imagesWide Dynamic RangeGood valueCons:Battery LifeHDR washed outDust issuesBottom Line:  So far I am happy with my K-X.  If you buy one, experiment with the settings and take some time to get to know the menus and controls.