After nearly three months of research on other point and shoot cameras for an upcoming trip, I finally stumbled across the newer Samsung lines. It was a tough sell with the minimal amount of reviewing present at the time of purchase, but in the end, I decided to throw in behind the TL240. Here's what we found:The camera itself is solid and well constructed, thankfully lacking the cheap plastic normally found in a sub $200 price range. In terms of ergonomics, the touchscreen solves most of those issues, while any other manual controls are found unobtrusively along the top edge. As for the the touchscreen itself, it's highly useful, bright and responsive. No issues here, though the Smart Gesture feature ended up coming across as gimmicky; even somewhat random.The picture quality is excellent. While the 14mp sensor may have something to do with that, we should all know by now that such things tend to be marketing fluff-- Massive megapixels do not equal a good photo. In this case, however, the TL240 does a great job. Bright light performed as expected, which is to say well. Very few p&s; cameras have issues outdoors, in bright light, etc, and this camera was no exception. Low light snapping came as a surprise. Left to its own devices, the camera's Smart Auto mode consistently produced quality, natural looking pictures of anything with the range of its flash. Higher ISO ranges with minimal lighting began to produce grainy photos, but that comes with the territory.The software also allows considerable manipulation of the photo before and after the shot. While the TL240 isn't my Nikon D40x DSLR, it allows for some basic manual control over setting the photo up and a plethora of post processing option, filters, and even basic photo editing. Remember, you get what you pay for. If you're expecting- ahem -histograms, manual shutter and manual aperture controls, you need to budget more. That said, the camera's Smart Auto tends to do a great job in helping you compose your shots and you're probably better off leaving it in that mode in most cases. Smile detection, blink detection and the other modes do come in handy when needed, especially since they actually work.Ironically, I bought this camera mainly as a video camera. As of the time of this review, the best price to features ratio generally favors point and shoot cameras versus the purpose built camcorders, and in that regard the TL240 does everything I want of it.Video is 720p@30fps optically and electronically stabilized, utilizing the x7 optical zoom and x5 digital zoom (ie; blowing up them pixels). Most of the post processing filters are cut out for video recording, which really doesn't bother me since I consider them mostly fluff features anyway. On the other hand, zoom is enabled during recording and you can opt to mute during zoom to avoid the lens noise or not. On a side note, if you want that on any Canon, you have to find a CHDK Hack compatible model (something I was considering for the longest time). Low light/indoor video performance won't win you any awards at the next Cannes film festival but it's serviceable and probably better than it should be in a camera at this price. In contrast, bright light sources will produce violet banding, though this is an issue seen in prices double the cost of the TL240 and thus not a surprise.The manual states that the camera is "guaranteed" to read 4gb micro SD cards, but I can confirm that it reads my 8gb card with no issues whatsoever, and will record approximately 1hr 45min worth of 720p video or nearly 1k worth of pictures at their highest setting. I compared these figures to a 2gb card I had lying around and the calculations bare this out; the camera is reading all 8gb.Things I didn't like? There's not a whole lot to file here:As mentioned, the Smart Gesture UI feels gimmicky and can even become annoying in cases where you need to maneuver your camera in view mode. It will make all sorts of interesting sounds as it rotates your photo in one direction or another while you accidentally rotate the camera physically. Fortunately, you can turn it off.On that note, the USB/power cord is FAR too short. In fact, it barely reaches down to the floor from a standard US wall socket, let alone provide for convenient accessibility from your PC usb connection. I would have rather had a longer cord than the fail, do-nothing plastic docking station they included. A male to female USB extension cable can be had for around $2 bucks (services both camera charging and PC data), likewise the HDMI to mini HDMI for the TV, which is not included.While I'm not opposed to the use of micro SD cards (stop whining and get an adapter, already), the way they squash it in with the battery is obnoxious and you all but need a pair of tweezers to get it in and out.Lower light recording (night time street lighting) caused auto focus issues while reording in all modes. The camera will focus in these conditions before you press record (sometimes), but not while actually recording. We've come to the conclusion that it just either has trouble focusing or it's intentionally disabled at higher ISOs. The lower the light, the slower it focuses until being disabled altogether. I'm still waiting for a reply from Samsung on that one, though it only really impedes filming if you attempt higher zoom levels in the dead of night. Increasing the white balance here seems to help marginally.These aside, it's tough to fault a point and shoot in the $150.00 price range, especially one that offers so much in return. It does everything you ask of it competently and with minimal fuss. Quirks aside, the TL240 is well worth the money.