I see a lot of Reviews of this product by "Photographers", who yap on about ISO settings, and blah, blah, blah. Here's the deal. If you're such a pro, why are you using a hundred dollar camera? For all you shutter jockeys out there reviewing hundred dollar cameras, STOP PLAYING WITH THE SETTINGS! It's a point and shoot!I bought the Stylus Tough 3000 PURELY ON PRICE POINT to replace a Stylus 1030 SW that is aging.... The 1030 SW is three years old, and believe me, it's been used and abused in and out of pools, saltwater, sand, drops, and you name it. I never had it sent to Olympus for waterproofing maintenance , so I won't submerge that camera anymore, but I did for almost three years, and it still works, and I would take it in rainy or wet conditions with no qualms. I gave it to my daughter and she uses it. It takes great pics on auto setting if you know how to use the focus. It still takes great shots.I am a little disappointed there is no retracting lens cover like on the Stylus 1030 but, I haven't had it long, and haven't seen what abuse will do to that part. However, I was used to using the focusing feature on my old 1030, and this one is very similar. I like it. It takes sharp photos in different scenarios if used correctly. When it arrived in the mail, My daughter and I took it for a test run in the shallow waters around my home town..... I took underwater photos of various things at depths of just a couple feet. I took multiple pictures at macro and super macro, and normal modes, underwater and in the open daylight, with and without flash, and with different flash settings. It was partly cloudy, so I had opportunities to shoot full sun shots of my daughter, wildlife, etc. in shady or sunny conditions... We spend the day wading, playing in the sun, and taking pictures. The camera stayed in my pocket, even while wading in belly-deep waters. I wouldn't normally swim all day with it. I was just giving it a trial run, basically to insure it will perform over it's life as advertised so I can send it back now if necessary.The battery is the smaller one, and that I dislike. I don't mind charging it with the USB as others have complained about. I am lucky to have USB adapters for everything, but I can plug it into the car, my computer, someone else's computer, a wall, etc... It doesn't charge so fast, but hey.... It's a hundred dollar camera. Plus, you can get dock chargers for these batteries pretty easily and cheap. Buy an extra battery or two as well if you want to use it all day.The Stylus Tough 3000 has more internal memory than the 1030 SW, so I was happy about that, but had a limit as to the amount of pics I could take on it. However, it still took about 75 shots on the 12MP setting, which I don't normally use. Normally, I'd use 5MP on the 1030 SW, I will probably continue using 5MP because even that is too large to print from almost any normal printer at it's native resolution, and it's much larger than most computer screens. Why waste the space if you aren't using them for a professional job? Anyways, the internal memory isn't bad at all, even with firmware taking up much of it. I have a 16GB SDHC card on the way.Obviously, the seals held for the day. It turned out that out of the 75 or so pictures I took, about 3 of them were unusable and blurry, maybe ten of them were just acceptable for most computer screens and had some different anomalies and such, but the rest were brilliant. If you factor in human error (which is a BIG factor in these reviews), I think that is pretty impressive for a hundred dollar waterproof camera. I have a decent sized (23") monitor, and they look great on it. I have pics all over my Facebook, and everything. people comment on how gorgeous the pictures are from both Olympus cameras I've used.I Only used the automatic settings for the day, as well. What's cool about it is it has different automatic settings for different scenarios. It even has a feature for stitching together multiple shots into a huge panoramic, even a 360 degree pan. I tried that, and didn't do it correctly, but if I had, it would have been a great image. I just had to figure out what to do, that's all. after viewing the file, I saw where I erred, and could easily create wonderful pan shots now.I haven't used the video yet, but on my 1030 SW the video is not good. Not good at all. However, I've seen video taken with the Stylus Tough 3000 online, and I was fairly impressed. I wouldn't expect to get different results from this camera.My last Olympus is still getting abuse and taking good shots after more than three years.... I'm more impressed with the images this new one creates. I just hope it will prove as sturdy as the last one. I see no immediate reason why it shouldn't.