Purchased 14 July 2011 (to replace a Canon SX30IS that I sold after a few months of very unsatisfied use).Though I am definitely only a hobbyist, I am very experienced with photography, film and digital. Now-a-days, most of my photos are taken while hiking/Geocaching.I like the "In Camera" guide, it goes wherever the camera goes. Now, when out on a hike and I want to learn about a function... I can!!!  Along those lines, the "In Camera" guide is better than the printed "Instruction Manual"  but not as good as the online "User Guide".When there are more than just a few photos on the card, it takes a fair amount longer than I've previously experienced with other units to arrange them and then eventually display them for viewing.Close-up is focus is slower than I would like. It is common for me to see a bug/insect along a trail where I try to move the camera as close as possible before the critter flies/jumps away. Compared to similar shots I have taken with other cameras my percentage of "keepers" is at the low end.The mode selection dial turns MUCH, MUCH too easily. I've accidentally turned the dial numerous times, even while in the process of taking a shot.A minor irritant, for some odd reason, when attached to a computer via USB for downloading photos, the lens pops out, then back in when first turned on.I have more than enough software already on my computer and I did not load the supplied software, choosing to manage my photos by less proprietary means, as I have with my previous digital cameras. The H70, unlike other units, when opened with MS Windows Explorer, sees it as 3 independent drives. What a pain-in-the-axx.Four times (so far) the battery door popped open when pulling the camera out of my pocket or case.The LCD screen has developed a "spot" appearing as a blurry dark area, about 1/4" x 1/8" in size. It does not affect the digital image but it is an undesirable flaw.A function I really miss is an option to select ON for the flash. The only options available are AUTO or OFF. I've found the AUTO function to be rather inconsistent, for example, on occasions the subject is shadow but the flash does not fire. On other occasions (rather often really) I've been taking photos of scenery, with the nearest foreground object hundreds of feet away and yet the flash fires. I really don't mind so much the flash firing when it does not need to but it's really irritating to NEED flash and yet it just won't fire.Not unique to this camera but it would be nice if there was an option to enter "If found please contact:" owner data. i.e. that on start up, the owners Name, phone number/e-mail address, etc. could be displayed.Not my favorite digital camera but I've found it to be an acceptable unit that is easy to use and takes pretty good pictures most of the time. Though my comments may seem overall negative, I really do think the camera is worth the price.Previously owned digital cameras:Olympus xxx (don't recall the model but it was a great camera)Sony Cyber-shot 5.1 mp, 3X zoom - loved itCanon PowerShot S3IS 6.0 mp, 12X zoom - loved it moreNikon L22 Coolpix (wife's camera) - good (but battery door broke)Canon SX30IS, 14.1 mp, 35X zoom - got rid of it after a couple of months use