I have been looking for a camera with a greater zoom for nearly a year. I have a Canon AS 590 IS bought through Amazon which takes excellent photographs, but it only has a 4X zoom. I take indoor, outdoor, low light, wildlife pictures and pictures for a local flea market. I wanted a longer zoom for the wildlife pictures that the Canon could not reach.I looked at cameras with a 10X to 30X zoom from $150 to $400 and read all the customer reviews and all the professional reviews. The pro reviews usually showed pictures taken at full zoom which was very helpful. Any camera I saw in the stated price range has a slight softening to a horrible softening at full telephoto.Last Saturday I was disappointed with all of them for the long zoom shots. I saw a sale flyer for this Panasonic DMC-FH25 at $99, so I looked on Amazon and reviews were extremely favorable. I found a pro review and the zoom shots were the best I had seen. I decided to buy the camera, figuring if nothing else, the zoom was worth $99.I have used the camera all week long and it has been equal or better to my beloved Canon and the zoom is as good as advertized. I have an old oak tree 100 yards behind the house and with the E Zoom button I focused and shot the picture. The photo came out so well I can see the bark pattern on the tree.The camera is very easy to use and with the IA mode (Intelligent Auto) I did not have to do anything but press the shutter button (after pressing half way down to allow the auto focus to lock) and the pictures are great. So far it is the best $99 I have ever spent.Pros: Super easy using IA mode and excellent results (sharp pics)E Zoom one touch button uses 8X optical zoom and digital zoom to make 18x with no visable picture degradation.Exposure levels can be changed by pressing one button on back of the camera. This is great for getting the right exposure on a white flower under a bright sun.LCD on back can be set so you can hold the camera up over your head and still see the screen. This is great if you are behind a crowd but want to take a picture of an event.Quick menu button enables you to make menu changes on the fly to improve light compensation filters.It is super easy shifting from stills to movie mode at 720p. And movies look very good.Battery life is very good. It ran for hours while I accustomed myself with camera features. Battery comes out easily and recharges in an external supplied charger.Camera is very small, yet feels good and looks great.LCD screen has modes to adjust for taking pictures in bright light.Party mode takes great indoor low light pictures.Cons: No manual focus, but then the auto focus works very well.Battery takes over two hours to recharge from a complete drain.Movie mode files are .MOV and need to be converted to .WMV for Windows Media Player. There are ways if you search on the Internet.Software that comes with the camera for picure handling was barely adequate. I just use my Canon software instead.So far those are the only drawbacks. I will update if I find more things good or bad.Update 4-17-2012 The battery is easy to remove and reinstall. It takes just under 2 hours to recharge from zero. The battery and SDcard cover is just a slide on off so no worry about it breaking the plastic. The battery is good for 200 pictures without flash and indoor pictures are good without flash under normal daytime conditions. You can take all your pictures using IA mode if you care to do so. Macro pictures are great. AF Zoom allows you to take a macro from 3 feet away. Indoor pictures usually snap at 400 ISO without a lot of noise. I have posted some pictures taken today on my blog at [...]/ You can judge for yourself.