Pros: Amazing zoom (equivalent to 26-520mm), 10 mp, can alter with aperture and shutter speed, 13.5 fps sequential shooting, high ISO, large LCD, a lot of SLR-level features, zoom ring, comfortable to hold, excellent super macro, multi fireworks mode.Cons: xD memory card, can be very, very slow when using flash, has difficulty focusing at times, unpredictable with focus, small aperture range (predictable for a non-SLR, I suppose). I'm going to have to disagree with most of the other reviewers and say that I like the feel of the zoom ring, and I haven't had any problems with unpredictability-- indeed, I find it much more accurate than electronic, W-T style (manual) zoom.For anyone doubting the 20x zoom, the equivalent of 500mm, I have to point out that so far I have seen only one other point-and-shoot camera with the same zoom capabilities; and to get the same level of magnification in an SLR, one would have to shell out nearly $1000 for a decent lens. On the other end of the spectrum, the wide-angle is spectacular, and the macro and super macro modes are superior to any other camera I have used; I can produce crystal-clear images with the lens literally touching the object. Unfortunately, the camera can be very finnicky with the focus, mostly with close-up shots; I often have to take 5 or more pictures of the same object in order for the camera to focus correctly.I like both the sequential shooting and "shoot and select" options, and they produce focused, sharp images, although at a reduced resolution of 3 MP. The fastest options are far faster than those of most SLRs.The ISO is very useful, although the noise can be unbearable at times. However, at times when the slow flash reaction is a problem, pictures using the maximum ISO (6400) are a definite alternative, and I find the effects colored lighting produces with high ISO are very attractive.Both the shutter speed and aperture can be fiddled with, for creative options. One problem is that the aperture cannot go above f/8.0, due to the small lens. Therefore, a shutter speed above 1/500 is not feasible in most circumstances.I also have fun with the "multi fireworks" mode in the scene options, which allows me to take multiple exposures in the same image. The Panorama option is also very useful (however, a tip to users: "combine in camera 2" produces far smoother results).Some reviewers have mentioned the weight of the camera, but I don't find that an issue. It is light enough not to be an inconvenience, but large enough to feel comfortable in my hands. The only issue is that the zoom ring means I have to use both hands to use the camera effectively.The battery life is very impressive, especially for AA batteries- I can fill up a 2-GB card sometimes twice before having to change batteries.The major disadvantage to the camera is the huge amount of time it can take to take pictures when using the flash- I sometimes have to wait of 6 seconds for the flash to fire, and occasionally the focus is off. This can be bothersome when taking posed pictures or low-light action shots. However, like all troubles, I learn to deal with this; you just have to get to know the camera. The slowness is what many people have complained abut, but it's not as big a deal as they may make it out to be.The other major problem is that it requires an xD picture card, which as of now cannot store more than 2 GB, or a little over 800 10-MP pictures. For someone like me, who can take that many pictures in less than a day, this can be a problem.Overall, however, the camera is perfect for someone with a tight budget who wants to take SLR-level pictures. Despite the drawbacks, the camera has is capable of some phenomenal pictures, and, as with all cameras, the results depend on the person behind the camera.