My last camera was pretty ancient - a Canon SD630. I bought it some years ago, and it was top of the line. It still takes really good pics for a camera its size. But, I felt it was time to upgrade. When I took my first SD3500 picture, the first thing I noticed was that it did a great job with the colors, even with the flash at close quarters. My second impression was that the photo looked a tad soft compared to my SD630, so I fired up an image editor to look at the quality.The SD3500 *seems* to favor color quality and accuracy over sharpness. My SD630 seems to prefer sharpness at the expense of color quality. I did a fair test by setting both cameras' flashes off and doing a timed tripod shot of the same subject. The SD3500 produced noticeably sharper images, so my fears that the optics weren't there were allayed. I think if there is softness, it comes from image processing and not from the actual optics.Auto mode is really, really good. I truly feel confident in leaving it in that mode as it seems to find its footing every time. And when the flash goes off, though I expect to see a whitewashed foreground and a darkened background, I get a very color-rich and white-balanced image. Again, auto mode really works.Video quality was good, not great. I can get pretty clear 720p video, but it's nothing that will astound anyone. Zoom during shooting is definitely digital, so pre-optical zoom before shooting.All of my testing tonight has been in low light, so that could also explain some lack of sharpness. Can't wait to try this in the sun.The touch screen is responsive enough, though I find the photo swiping and pan scrolling gestures to be a bit slow and laggy. Other gestures and button presses work pretty well. Not iPhone quality UI, but not bad at all. Photos and videos look really great as the screen res is very high and colors are very saturated.Build quality - well, Canon always does a great job. The SD3500 feels to me just a hair lighter than it looks, which is a good thing I think. I like the less gawdy design than some of Canon's other designs.Is this camera better than the SD980? I honestly don't know as my upgrade isn't from that camera. I do know that I really like this camera.Pros:- Seems to focus on color quality over sharpness- Auto mode always produces good to great results- Touch interface works great, overall, and the side tapping is useful- Touch to focus, smile detector, blink detection, and all that stuff actually does work well.- Image Stabilizer is not overdone, and still gives you responsiveness.- The various shooting modes are fun to play with- Great build qualityCons:- Some aspects of the touch interface could be more responsive- No optical zoom during video shooting- No high frame rate video modes- HDMI and USB doors are a little hard to get open- Mini HDMI cable is not included. Cmon Canon, it's like $2 from Amazon.- Well, er, seems to focus on color quality over sharpness.