[Note: I have revised this review, originally written August 2002, to reflect the fact that better cameras are now on the market from other manufacturers.]If you are an advanced amateur -- someone who likes to take really nice pictures for aesthetic reasons, in additon to occasional ordinary snaps -- this camera will impress you with its quality.Having now tried several thousand shots under varying conditions, I am quite pleased with the Nikon Coolpix 5700. It was a good purchase, and worth the price. The photo quality is definitely comparable to most 35mm cameras. The camera combines subtle color sensitivity, good brightness sensitivity, and extreme detail in the images. The range of the zoom lens is wonderful. Controls are available for almost everything an advanced amateur would want. The included software (with included USB cable) makes image transfer to the PC, and previewing a big set of photos, very easy.You NEED to read the manual to use the advanced features of this camera. You can leave it set to full-auto, hand it to a friend, and just say "press here to take a picture," but to get the full benefit of the camera you'll need to understand some rather elaborate controls, some of which are un-guessable. After I invested 90 minutes to read the manual, my shots went from good to breathtaking. Since getting this camera I have not taken one single photo using my rather nice Canon EOS 35mm film camera -- it's all digital for me now.Though the camera is far smaller than "8x zoom" would lead you to believe, and smaller than an SLR camera, you'll still want to use two hands. And there is no way you'll be putting it in any sort of pocket -- it's not something you'll carry around just in case you want to take a snapshot.The single included battery lasts for well over 100 shots, assuming you don't use the flash much AND you use the viewfinder instead of the larger preview monitor. But frequent flash use drains it quickly, so if that's your need, order a second battery. And you'll NEED a larger memory card (128 to 512 MB is reasonable), so go ahead and order the extra memory card now.There are lots of semi-advanced features for the photo buff -- too many to list here. If you like messing with settings and trying different things, you'll like this camera. If you just want to turn it on and shoot without thinking, this is not the model for you.The main weaknesses I'd still like to see improved all relate to action photography: (1) a noticeable delay between pressing the button and taking the shot; (2) a slow auto-focus motor, sometimes painfully slow ;(3) high-speed shooting only at low resolution. One other weakness is that resolution in the new digital viewfinder is not even close to the sharpness of a normal 35mm SLR optical viewfinder -- it doesn't show you enough pixels.A further very real weakness is that this camera has extreme difficulty auto-focusing in dim light. Even if you intend to use a flash, that doesn't help the camera focus. And due to the above-mentioned viewfinder, you can't manually focus very well with this camera. So if you intend to shoot much in very dim light (e.g., indoors at night), this is NOT the model to choose.While there is room for improvement, and it's showing its age vs the competition, this camera is feature-packed and fun to use and takes photos of the highest quality. And you could not pry the 8x optical zoom lens away from me now that I've seen what it can do -- I could not go back to my previous digicam with 3x optical zoom.If you want to read even more, the "Steve's Digicams" reviews website has extensive details on this fine camera. I've been quite pleased with mine -- but I got it a while ago, and the competition has definitely improved since then.