My son writes this review: The reader might remember my other review on an Olympus FE 310 camera a while back. Well, I finally received my Stylus 840 and have had it almost two months now. It is a great camera but with some faults. It also has some very surprising thing hidden away in this tiny bundle. When I first opened the box, it struck me that the camera was really little. I took it out and held it and I proved that it was! It is really tiny and easy to carry around with you. Of course, it's not as tiny as some of the other cameras on the market but it is still relatively little. (Good thing) The 840 takes really good pictures. Not as good as I would like it to but still pretty good. The bad thing about it is that pictures taken without out flash in the relative dark are quite grainy. Even some pictures taken with flash in the dark are grainy! The 310 didn't do that! Anyway, it takes good pictures but they could be improved upon. The grainy pictures are basically the only complaint against this camera. But it isn't a huge deal either The other only complaint is that the camera won't let me zoom while taking movies, which I would have really liked (actually you can but it is digital). I also know now why some people are complaining about "weird thumping noises" when taking a movie. They can be heard when you press buttons on the camera or wiggle the strap. I don't like it either, I just have to keep the strap real still and not press any buttons. The x5 zoom is really amazing! It is huge for such a small camera. I remember using other cameras that only had x3 and it was kind of liberating to have 5 instead of 3. This camera has 3 different types of settings for panoramas. My favorite is the automatic in camera stitch together. You take one picture, move the camera to the right or left and the camera will automatically take a picture when it hits a mark. It takes up to 3 pictures altogether. In my opinion, the battery life is really good. I can have a battery in for a week or more, even with quite a few turnings on and off. I do recommend buying another battery because each battery takes about 5 hours to charge. That way you can have one charging and one in the camera. Another minor complaint I have is that the buttons are a bit little. Sometimes I hit a different button than I wanted but that really is minor. The last small complaint I have about this camera is that it is a little bit harder to hold on too. There really isn't much to hold on to, not like the 310 that had a nice grip where the batteries were stored. Overall I think that this camera is really superb. There are many other little surprises that you will find along the way of exploring this camera and will be pleasant to find out. I rate it 4.8 stars because while the pictures are good, the rest of the surprises sort of make up for it. I would rate it 5 if the pictures were even a little better. (Some of the "surprises include things that allow you to put a frame around the picture or a greeting of some sort. I was really surprised at that!)