I got my Samsung at Best Buy. Unfortunately I had to purchase a camera where the box had been opened because they didn't have any new ones, just used. The good thing was that I got it 30% off because of that. The bad thing is that the first camera I had was defected with dead pixels on the front LCD screen. Exchanging was no problem.I use the camera often and when I first got it I went nearly two weeks without needing to charge it. Started using the video mode - it completely ate up the battery, as did smart auto picture taking!The camera itself is pretty sturdy. I had it at a party and someone spilled water on the counter where it was sitting up on, and the bottom where the battery opening is got soaked. It wouldn't turn on and I thought for sure I'd have to go exchange it for another one. Turns out, I went home, let it air dry for the night, plugged it in to charge it up fully and it still works perfectly. I haven't dropped it but it takes a ride in my purse daily. I can whip it out and snap as many pictures as I want to.The video/smart modes eat the battery up big time if you aren't consistently charging it up to full, which is slightly annoying, because I'll take a video, replace the camera in my purse, and when I pull it out to take a picture, sometimes it won't turn on. This is usually if I go awhile without charging it up, though, so if you're very diligent about charging the camera you really shouldn't have any problems in that area.It is also very user-friendly. My mom is half blind and can barely dial a phone number but she had no problem snatching the camera and taking glamor shots of me and my friend's costumes for Halloween. The front LCD is clear and lovely, perfect if you feel like doing a quick snap of yourself. A couple of times I have used this effect as a mirror when one wasn't handy nearby. In my experience, it takes great pictures at night, great pictures in the day, and it takes great pictures at concerts and clubs.The camera itself is not a thin-as-they-come camera. I suggest that if you buy it you also purchase a case for it; trying to fit it in your back pocket won't work. If you're looking for something light weight that you can hide in skin tight clothes, you should look elsewhere because this is not that kind of camera. This is nice to put in your purse or maybe even a jacket pocket for carrying around; it comes with a really nice strap you can wear around your wrist to make sure no one tries to steal your awesome purchase, and the LCD frame is hardy and scratch resistent unless you're hell-bent on putting a scratch in it.The camera makes awesome noises, and even with its slightly bulky size it inspires jealousy and awe.  Most of all, whipping this out in front of your friends sometimes elicits that satisfying, "Ooooo! That's cool!" and the reaction when you turn on the front LCD frame and you snap a picture as they start exclaiming, "Oh my God I can see myself!" is priceless and always funny. This is an attractive camera that takes good quality pictures and really good quality videos for its type - just have to charge the battery more than once a week!