I am a mom of a toddler and also a scrapbooker so I wanted a camera that would take excellent pictures.  The Canon A80 is a bit more than I needed~ I am a point-and-shoot person and didn't care to get involved in manual modes.  The Canon is fairly small and easily fits in my diaper bag~ it is a bit heavier than some other cameras but this is due to the fact it takes 4 batteries, which are well worth their weight in battery life.  Even in auto mode I can take excellent pictures~ I've taken close up shots of my pets that just blow me away with how detailed they are.  The colors are gorgeous and true to life.  This is my third digital camera (had Kodaks before) and I can honestly say the quality of the pictures far surpasses the other two cameras I have owned (the CX6330 and the DX4900).I do have a few complaints, though~ first, the flash is a bit TOO powerful.  When I take pictures of my toddler (my main photo subject) I have often gotten shots where her eyes are half-way closed, resulting in a kind of 'drugged out' look.  It was suggested to me to turn off the red-eye reduction (a preflash which could be making the subject blink) and this has helped somewhat, but I still get an occasional 'drunk' look.  I have compensated by staying farther away from my subject and using zoom.  The flash output can be adjusted but ONLY in manual mode, which I find irritating (I think this should be something you can adjust in auto mode as well).  The only other option is to turn off the flash, which is not always possible indoors.My other complaint is the shutter lag~ there is a LONG delay between the time you press the shutter button and when the shot is taken.  This can be avoided if you press the shutter button half-way and do a 'focus lock' first and keep holding it half-way until you are ready to take a picture.  The problem with this is when you have a toddler that is on the move you don't want to be chasing after her and worrying about doing a focus lock; also often you have just an instant to take a picture before a toddler moves her head/walks away/etc and pictures have been lost due to this shutter lag.  While all digital cameras have some shutter lag, the Kodaks I owned were MUCH, MUCH faster than the Canon, with almost no lag whatsoever.  I wish Canon would improve upon this!  If Kodak can do it, I'm sure Canon can.There are a few ways to try to speed up the shutter~ by turning off AIAF autofocus system, turning off red eye reduction, turning off the flash, or going into manual mode (I learned on a camera site how to go into manual mode and program 'snap mode' which has a faster response time)~ however these all can compromise the picture, especially in low-light conditions.  It can result in blurry pictures.Aside from those 2 complaints, I am very happy with my Canon A80.  I've resigned myself to learning the manual stuff so I can have control over the camera~ I know once I am comfortable with the different settings I will probably be able to overcome the issues I've had, however I really would have preferred to stay in Auto mode.  It doesn't make sense to me why in Auto mode you cannot even adjust the color settings (vivid, neutral, etc.), however you can adjust these in the P mode or in manual mode.I seriously considered returning my Canon to get another Kodak b/c of the two issues above, but I honestly find the quality of the A80 far superior to the Kodak line.  I did a ton of research on camera review sites, as well as looked at many picture samples from Pbase Photo, and the Canon just takes breathtaking pictures.  As I'm growing in my knowledge I'm finding I'm taking much better pictures and working through the few problems I've encountered with shutter lag and flash output.Oh, one more thing~ the battery life is outstanding.  I use my camera a lot (!) and I am just in awe at how long it lasts before I have to recharge the batteries.  It is simply amazing! All in all, I think this is an excellent camera for both beginners and pros alike.