In general, the Sony Bloggie 3D is OK, for a point n' shoot camera with 3D capability. Operation is simple, but in some cases a bit too simple, for example, when I connect an HDMI cable (Sony A-C) the camera automatically reverts to 2D output. I can manually switch the 3D TV to any of three types of 3D, (SBS should work in this case) but whether the camera is connected to the TV or not, just plugging in the HDMI makes the camera go into 2D mode, and there is no 'switch' to make it change to 3D. I have concluded that there is either a very specific Sony A-C HDMI cable for this application (unlikely) or that the Sony Bloggie 3D camera is made to be proprietary - that is, it will only work with Sony 3D systems and other manufacturers with which they have a relation. It appears that there may be some communication between the TV and camera that is not there as it's not a Sony. I'm not sure of this, and I hope I'm mistaken, but given that I was unable to get an answer from Sony support, it's looking that way. They suggested I contact the TV manufacturer. Bottom line is, it's not the TV manufacturer's issue. This Sony camera either works with *any* (or most) 3D capable TV's though the 3D standard HDMI connection or it does not, and if so, it should be clearly stated in the marketing and advertising or it's intentionally misleading. The TV itself is excellent, and I've had no other problems with 3D playback of Blu-ray content or even over the network connection.For anyone experiencing this issue (and I cannot actually find that it is an issue yet) I have been able to play all video and stills on the same 46" 3D HDTV by connecting the Bloggie to a Sony Blu-Ray player via the USB and finding the files individually. This generally works on files stored on the hard drive of the computer, but in some cases they are not reliably displayed identified as 3D files. This might work with a computer and network connection that is fast enough to support HD video, and at some point you need to get the content out of the camera and store it somewhere anyway. Just as well to be able to play it right from a storage disk. Alternatively it would seem that files could be burned to DVD and played that way to but again, throughput would have to be capable for the task.Aside from the work-arounds, I will need to be able to connect this camera to my current, (new) 3D HDTV or the Sony Bloggie will be returned. HDMI is supposed to be a universal connection, in agreement with a consortium, but there can and have been those companies that try for exclusivity by making products that are compatible with only their own components. Again, I hope this is incorrect, but maybe it will save someone the trouble and wasted time if they are aware up front that there may be problems. I am still trying, and may see if anyone at Sony support has anything useful to offer on this, which could include simply admitting that it is programmed not to work with my particular TV with HDMI.