I purchased the Canon A40 about 4 days ago, and have taken a few hundred pictures with it so far.  I bought it to replace my old Sony FD-73, which was only a 0.3 megapixel camera.  I wanted better quality and more storage options (greater capacity), so I started shopping around for a good quality 2.0MP Camera on Amazon. The picture quality is excellent.  I noticed no chromatic abberation on any of the shots I took.  The pictures were crisp and clear, the colors were vibrant, and the pictures were good whether taken indoors or outdoors.  And, believe it or not, I'm still using the AA Alkaline batteries that came with the camera.  Even after several hundred pictures, they are still working.  I've read numerous reviews of cameras in this price range that drain batteries very quickly, I'm impressed that mine are still working.  I also tested the video mode of the camera.  It seems to automatically stop the video after about 10 seconds, I'm not sure if that setting can be changed.  The quality of the video was excellent and the audio quality was good, however the size of the video is something like 320x200 pixels (I don't remember precisely), which is quite small.  The 10 second video used about 3.7MB of space on the video card.  As everyone knows, the 8MB card that comes with it is useless. I threw it in the trash and bought a 256 SmartMedia card, which works great.  Based on the size of the pictures I took, full quality pictures at 1600x1200 averaged about 950K, while low quality pictures at 640x480 averaged about 145K.  Based on that, my 256MB card should hold about 270 pictures at the highest quality and 1700 pictures at the lowest quality.I played around with the "Stitch" mode as well, which is supposed to help you paste together pictures into a panoramic shot.  It was very helpful.  Here's how it works:  It reduces the viewscreen so you can see two shots at once.  After you take the first picture, it puts it on the left side of the LCD view screen.  When you're ready to take the 2nd picture, you can line up the shot with the previous picture, so they'll line up correctly when you paste them together with your PC graphics program.  Supposedly, the camera automatically adjusts itself in Stitch mode so that the camera uses the exact same settings to try and keep the two pictures uniform.  There seems to be no limit to how many pictures the camera will let you "stitch" together.The camera also offers numerous manual settings for the professional photographer.  You can manually adjust ISO speed, shutter speed, white balance, and many other features you would expect to find on a camera with a much higher price tag.In sum, I'm very impressed with this little camera, and I think it is a great value for the price.  In my opinion, 2.0MP is the perfect quality for a casual user, Cameras in this range seem to offer the best combination of value, price, and picture quality.  I highly recommend it.  Good luck finding this camera, it always seems to be sold out on Amazon.  I guess that's a good sign!