I have been a big fan of the tough series. I have owned several versions of them. This is my latest.All in all this is one incredible machine. Since it arrived I have been putting it though its paces. I love the new controls (at least for me)they really let you use all the cameras features quick and easy. I can transition from a normal pic to a pano to a micro faster than previous models and the record button gives you instant video recording so you never miss the action. The one water tight door that houses your battery, card and all your ports lessens the chance of a leak and the lock makes me more comfortable since the door wont open in my pocket an break off like one of the first models I had. The Sequential shooting mode brings the best out of what i loved about SLR's for capturing action and sports shots.The software is the same or beta for the GPS compatible models out now cause it is still in the camera settings but is grayed out.Haven't had it in the water yet but will update when I do.Pro's: Brings the best out of all the previous models and some great additions. Has duel timezones so you know what time it is where you are and back home for when your traveling. the photo editing in camera is pretty effective, and saves time editing later. User manual is in the on-board software that worked, so you always have it with you.Evey electric device has some problems but this is still a great camera. Here are some cons just for your info, most might be adjustment issues since I'm so familiar with these cameras. And dont be discouraged you can always right more about the bad than the good.Con's: The normal Sequential is a little slow for my liking but the High speed more than makes up for it. It allows you to add voice recording to any picture, but you cant delete it in the camera so if you mess up you lose space till you get to a computer. The Panoramic auto function has messed up on me a few times by not detecting the edge till late and stitching images together with too big of gap to match. (The manual pano mode is the way around this that i have found.) "Not really a con but":It doesn't have a high depth rating but you get what you pay for and 16ft is more than enough for snorkeling and shallow diving but I wouldn't take it to close to that without an external case. And in my experience salt water leaves a film on the lens so always wash in clean fresh water after any underwater activity. The on-board software glitched when i tried to load it onto my computer, but I haven't really tried to fix it yet. It locked up wile loading and shut down but the computer still showed it as installing so I had to restart my computer, did the same thing after restart.