I have used this camera on a semi-professional basis (I shoot for the local paper and have done some product shots for magazines, though I am not a full-time photographer) and I have won photography awards with it. This camera is easy to use, versatile, gets good results, and is reasonably priced.To see some photos taken with this camera, go to BetterPhoto.com. Click on "photos" at the top, scroll down to "by camera" and enter Fuji Finepix S3000 in the search. It will bring up some links. Click on the name of the camera under "reviews". You will see a product detail and a thumbnail photo to the right of the page. Under it will say, "view photos created with this camera." Click on that to see pix taken with it. (I am not sure if I am allowed to put a direct link here).What I love about this camera:1. Its size. I can stick it in my purse and I can hold it comfortably with one hand. It's not too heavy or awkward to grab quickly or to carry around.2. The macro setting. This has allowed me to get some detailed close-up shots of insects, frogs, toads and other small critters -- even those who aren't always likely to stand still.3. The optical zoom. I have also used that to get good shots of critters. It's not a super powerful zoom but it is decent. And if you are willing to move around, too, you can get close enough to butterflies or frogs to get a nice photo.4. In general, this photo does excellent "still life" type photos. I've done some really neat studio-type stuff with it.5. Less shutter lag than any other point-and-shoot digital camera I have used. Shutter lag is a fact of life for any point-and-shoot digital camera. If you can't work around shutter lag, you need a film camera or a digital SLR, which will cost you at least 3 times as much as this model.6. It's pretty darned good in low light. It will capture photos without the flash that my film SLR will not. With ANY camera -- even a digital SLR or 35mm -- if you are shooting in low light without flash, you want to use a tripod, brace yourself against a wall or something (and take multiple shots of the same thing), or set the camera down on a table or stack of books. Few cameras have the capability of taking night shots without some camera shake caused by the photographer's movement while the camera takes the picture. See the review by "an electronics fan."If you buy this camera (or the newer model which is an S700, I think), here are my recommendations:1. Shoot a lot of frames. I bought the 2 GB memory card and it holds 1300 photos on the highest resolution setting. I have never filled the card! And my family teases me by spoofing the song "500 Miles" as "500 Frames" so it's not that I don't try. :-) I got my butterfly shots through patience and a lot of frames. I did end up with a couple nice shots of just flowers (because the butterfly left before I could get the shot). I just accept that.2. Get rechargeable batteries. It's about a $30 investment for the battery charger and two sets of AA rechargeable batteries. But it will save you a lot of money in the long run.3. Experiment. Try different settings for the same subject and see how they turn out. You will get a lot more from this point-and-shoot than any other one on the market, IMHO.Thanks for reading. I hope this was helpful!