It seems the reviews for this camera are all over the map. I think you need to understand what this camera was made for. It was made to be a rugged waterproof camera. This is the third camera I have tried of this type and I can say without a doubt this is the best one so far. I got a good price on it and would be more disappointed if I paid more, but for what I paid I think this camera is a great value.What this camera is... This camera is rugged and waterproof and therefore sacrifices need to be made. Yes the software in the camera is slow. Yes it can be somewhat slow in between photos. BUT It takes great photos especially when you are outdoors. Color reproduction is good and it does what I want it to which is take photos in, around or near water without worrying. No it is not perfect, but again compared to other rugged cameras it is by far the best I have used so far at this price point. This thing is built like a tank and if you read the reviews there are very few people that have had problems with water issues. Just remember to let the camera and your hands completely dry before you open this camera and you should be fine. You should be thinking hours for this process, not minutes.What this camera is NOT...This camera is not my DSLR that has very expensive lenses and allows me to take photos that can be blown up to very large sizes and take production ready photos. But I would never take my DSLR where I would take this camera. It also is not my wifes very nice little point and shoot camera that has a 1,000x zoom with great noise and camera software. However we have already replaced her camera once because it broke just from being in her purse. The DSLR and my wife's pocket cameras are the ones we pull out when we are home and traveling close by to a friend's house for example. This camera is the one you take with you to the pool, lake or go on a cruise with.What this camera excels at is it matches our active lifestyle. We enjoy taking the dog to the lake, we enjoy the beach, river, and any other body of water. I bought this specifically for a cruise we are going on. I wanted something I could throw in my shorts pocket and not worry about no matter what adventure we go on and this fits the bill.In closing if you DON'T need rugged then yes there are better point and shoots out there and you should look else where. And you would have to be crazy to compare this to a DSLR. All the negative reviews I just don't think understood what they were buying. Heck if someone can point me to a rugged little camera that is a better value then this at this price point then please let me know. Otherwise I will be out there shooting great photos and capture video from time to time and not worry about every little drop of water or if it gets brushed up against something while it sits in my pocket.