Let me preface this by saying that I am not a professional photographer. I have an avid amateur interest in photography, and though I am far from an expert on cameras, I wanted something that would provide high quality photos, enough options to let me play with and learn more about photography, but was not so complicated that it would be beyond my understanding. This camera did not disappoint. I selected it based on a lot of research, and immediately started experimenting with it. Prior to the Canon Powershot SX20 IS, the only digital camera I had owned was a basic $50 one with low quality and nearly non-existent options. I was delighted by the variety of shooting modes on the camera, and how totally customizable the conditions of the photo were. I like that everything is straightforward and easy to find/figure out, and I like that when I don't feel like customizing everything down to the last detail, I have the option of allowing the camera's software to automatically choose the settings it thinks are most appropriate. The quality of the photos are of noticeably lower quality when I let the camera fully automate the process, but I think that is unavoidable, and since I am not really in this from a professional perspective, it's nice to me to be able to choose whether I want to bother with it all or not.I am incredibly happy with the impressive 20x optical zoom that this camera boasts. It is among the highest that I have encountered on a point-and-shoot, and when the camera is stable (such as on a tripod) the photos taken from a great distance are every bit as clear and beautiful as those taken up close. I am also very impressed with the macro function, which is much more intelligent than the same setting on other cameras I have used. The close-up details that the camera is capable of capturing are wonderful.I think this is easily the best non-DSLR camera I have encountered; it's certain the most open in terms of what you can control. There are some quibbles I have with it, however, and they are as follows:*It should be able to take RAW images. It's a modern enough camera that there's not much excuse for being confined to JPEG, and I am disappointed by this, however the quality of the JPEGs is still high enough that it is no kind of deal-breaker for me.*The lens cap should be tethered to the camera. This is a common sense design feature among cameras that have lens caps, and I can't imagine why they didn't include it. It's quite irritating that I have misplaced or dropped the cap on several occasions.*I wish that they had allowed for longer exposures than the 15 seconds that this camera maxes out on. Long exposure photography is a common enough interest that it's very disappointing that Canon did not choose to make it possible with this camera.I do not think this is a perfect camera, but I also do not think a perfect camera really exists, and I am very happy with what I got. It is just as capable as I had come to expect after my pre-purchase research, and in some ways is rather better than I had anticipated. I would definitely suggest this to anyone who has a serious interest in photography but would be in over their heads with a more complicated device.