i was completely and absolutely dazzled by how powerful and small this camera is.i've seen smaller cameras in the market, like the infamous casio exilim, but as far as i'm concerned, canon has truly achieved the smallest size a camera could have WITHOUT prejudicing its quality.i've previously owned a canon powershot s110, which has only about 2MP, and i truly loved it. i was almost completely satisfied with my s110, as its image quality was stupendous: the only problems i had were regarding the shooting speed and the camera's size (which, i know, is considered small. but even so, i wanted an even smaller one).so my main goal was a camera which could take great-quality pictures, which had a very short shooting-speed and yet was small enough to fit in a pocket.well, i've come to learn that s10 is well-packed with all the requirements above.previously to buying this camera, my major concern was its shooting speed, as i didn't see any reviews on that. well, here goes the first one:this camera has two shooting modes: one is short, and the other one is shorter. amazing!the "short" one is with the auto-focus function enable. it takes about 1 second to take a picture with perfect focus on the angles selected by the user (it draws little green squares on the screen, showing which areas it is going to focus). and to do that, all you have to do is press the shutter button half-way down, wait for its artificial inteligence to focus on the desired subject, and then press what's left of it.the "even shorter one" is an "emergency" kind of shot. you just simply press the shutter button all the way down, and BAM: you have an almost instantly picture taken. it's truly unbelievable.of course the picture quality in the shortest mode isn't as great as it is in the AIAF (artificial intelinge auto focus - you'll hear that a lot) mode, but it's for sure a big helper for situations on which you don't actually have time to wait up for the camera to focus (not even one little second).other one of the impressive camera features is the possibility of choosing the startup image (the image that is shown on the LCD when the camera is powered on), the startup sound, etc., and, fabulously, the auto-shutter sound - which is great! i, for instance, recorded cartman's voice (from south-park) and set it to play as the auto-shutter goes of. you can have really funny pictures with tricks like that, because the people on subject have no idea of what that sound is and start giggling as the picture is taken. and then, there goes a smiley, happy picture. you can upload to the camera any sound or image on your computer, or use one that is already in the camera.the time the camera takes to turn on is also something to be noticed. it's about one second (or even less). so if you're on a hurry to take a quick-shot, you're most likely to achieve your goal.at last but not least, some people say that the only flaw this camera has is that it has no zoom. well, i say that this camera is flawless. my previously camera had 3x optical zoom / 5x digital zoom, and i don't remember using it not even once, because i mainly take short-distance pictures. so, if to reduce the camera's size they needed to cut-off the zooming feature, i can only applaude them. it didn't make any difference to me at all. in fact, this is probably why the camera is also so fast at shot-taking and at powering on and off: it doesn't have to pull-back an enourmous set of lenses.this camera is what i needed indeed. if you are, in any way, in the needs of what i described above, search no more, because this is the camera for you. i'm 100% satisfied with it.