Overall this camera is another success for Canon. I find this camera to be a bit closer to the DSLR family in many ways because the simple Point and Shoot element on 'auto' can leave the pictures less than perfect, but still great. If you have experience with cameras and understand the different settings using white balance, ISO, etc then this is the perfect camera to obtain nearly DSLR shots for a fraction on the cost.  I feel that Canon dedicated more of their focus (pun intended) on the more 'manual' settings than on their auto-capture mode.PROS:Picture Quality:  It's great!  I love that there is a P&S; camera with 14.1 megapixels!Touch Screen:  I was hesitant to purchase this camera because of the touch screen - being the first P&S; model to have it by Canon, I was nervous the technology would be more buggy that useful.  Quite the opposite.  It has streamlined everything.  Not having all the buttons allows for a larger screen and that is nice.  Not having a view finder has not been a problem - and I have not once missed it.To date I've owned the camera for 2+ months and do not have a protector on it and no scratches or damage have occurred.  I do not recommend putting it in your back pocket, etc..  Care is still required in order to keep it pristine.  I have read other reviews that say if you do wish to put on a screen protector to buy directly from Canon because the 3rd party protectors perhaps aren't the right thickness and make it harder to operate the touch screen.  Although I have no personal knowledge of this tidbit, just figured I'd pass it on. ;-)Features: Canon has remained faithful in providing you the standard settings: foliage, firework, snow, etc..  They've added the 'miniture mode' and 'fishbowl' into this camera from my last Elph model - and while they are not terribly useful on a regular basis they are a fun quirk to play around with.Cutom White Balance:  I find the interface to set your WB to be very simple and extremely effective/accurate!  The touch screen really helps add to this feature.CONS:Sharpness: I compare this to a DSLR alternative, but don't get me wrong - you are still not quite there.  This camera fails a tiny bit in the sharpness of the picture - part of that is the 'hold halway down to focus' method, part of it is the camera. For a P&S; its ok.Programable Settings: I am sad there is only one "program" mode - I would have much preferred to have had 2 or 3 dedicated in order to have various programmed for different events.  As it is now I have to go in and alter that each time that I need to shoot in different light, speed, etc..Flash Recharge:  I don't think the flash on this model is any slower than on others, but I wish Canon would dedicate some techology research and money into developing a quicker recharge for the P&S; cameras - it often is the cause for delay in taking a second picture - and not always but occassionally is NOTICABLY delayed.  While I don't consider it a deal breaker and more just the nature of the beast that is the P&S; with flash - it is something to be aware of.Buttons/Lens 'Cap':  I feel the buttons on the top of the camera and the lens cover are made with cheaper plastic than previous models - my previous Elph the mode to switch from video/auto was made from metal and now it seems very cheap plastic that might break in the future.  Seems like a step in the wrong direction of quality.  I've had no issues with them, but I'd prefer something more sturdy so I wouldn't  have to worry at all.