I have been using this camera extensively for two weeks, although it belongs to a friend. I suppose that may make me more objective than someone who actually owns one, because I don't have to rationalize having made a $1000 investment. I wanted very much to like this camera, and there are certain things that I love about it. However, there is no way that I could use this as my primary camera.First, the good. It is absolutely the coolest lens I have ever seen, particularly on a digital camera. The zoom covers almost any shooting situation I would need, from landscape, to portraits, to sports. The fact that you can zoom by turning a ring makes it far superior to the "fly by wire" zooms so common on digital cameras.The user interface is great. It is far better than other digital cameras I have owned by Nikon, Olympus, Pentax and Ricoh. I was able to use just about every cool feature without ever looking at the owner's manual. It is very intuitive. It is much easier to use than a Nikon film camera as well.Mechanically, the camera is a gem. It feels about as rugged as my Nikon F5 (although it probably isn't.) It is incredibly solid.It is also very fast, both in the time it takes to turn on and off, and also in terms of delay when you push the shutter. For all intents and purposes, there are no delays at all, except sometimes when writing an image to storage, but even that is faster than on most other cameras. It is just a very responsive camera.Battery life is great. I never ran low, and only charged it occasionally.The movie mode is great. Easy to use, and good quality images and sound. It wouldn't totally replace a video camera, but it would be fine for occasional use.Now, the bad. All the negative things you may have read about purple fringing are true. It is not difficult to find a scene where this shows up in an unacceptable way.The white balance is really off in many scenes I've photographed. Snow looks medium grey. I know that I could probably do better on this if I read the manual, or post processed in Photoshop, but it is disturbing that with the default settings, it records scenes so inaccurately.It is not a great camera for available light. I was not able to handhold it for shots that could esily be done with my Olympus 5050. I think it is partly because of the aperature, and partly because it is an extremely long camera, where any movement is exaggerated.In side by side comparisons, some of the images from my 5 megapixel Olympus are superior to the 8 megapixel Sony 828 images, in terms of color and sharpness.Sony is really on to something here, and it is possible that some of these problems could be fixed in a future version. But I am not planning to buy one of these now.The weird thing is that now the bar has been set very high for what I would want from a user interface and lens. So even if I found a camera with better image quality (which wouldn't be hard), it would not compare favorably to the Sony in other dimensions. This two week testing period makes me want to wait a while for Sony to fix the issues with the 828, or for other companies to catch up to Sony in terms of other features.