This is my first time writing a product review in Amazon. I want to write this review because the EOS 7D is a big step forward by Canon to address the advanced amateur market not to mention having at last a compelling product to compete head-to-head with Nikon D300 and its more advanced D300s sibling. For more than two years, Nikon has enjoyed such a technical lead that I was constantly yearning for a D300 equivalent body that I could upgrade from my trusty EOS 20D, which I am still using today as a backup body to avoid the hassle of changing lenses. In retrospect, the EOS 20D seems to make me a better photographer as I need to anticipate for the next shot by pre-adjusting all the knobs for proper metering, focus points, and exposure compensation. The substantial improvement in these aspects of the EOS 7D over the 20D gives me the confidence to let my wife use the EOS 7D while I continued to use the old EOS 20D in our recent vacation trip to the Yucatan Peninsula. My wife doesn't like to fiddle with various controls, and she rarely misses any shot because of improper exposure or focusing. In other words, the image results are very consistent. On the other hand, the new focusing system of the EOS 7D requires a little time to get used to. I think I was a little lucky to get a good copy as I have seen some other online user reviews that it did not work for them. At least it works marvelously for me with my EF100-400 F4.5-5.6L IS big gun in birding events.When I purchased the EOS 7D body, I also purchased the EF24-70mm F2.8L lens as a walk around combo. It 's heavy as a dumb bell once I add the 580EX speedlight on top. But that 's the price you pay for with big quality glasses and good weather sealing. Especially with the 7D's 18Mpixel sensor, I figured I would need a good lens with high resolving power. I also tried out my EF28-135mm F3.5-5.6 IS lens, I can see quite bit of difference in high resolution IQ particularly at wide open apertures. Other than that my EFS 10-22mm, EFS 55-250mm, EF50mm F1.4, and EFS 60mm Macro lenses seem to work well with the high pixel count sensor. And don't be surprise that the cheap plastic kit lens EFS 18-55mm IS would also produce decent resolution as well given its nice MTF curves.The video capability of the EOS 7D is not its strength. However, don't discount the usefulness of this feature as the camera is quite capable of capturing high quality HD video if it's used properly and most importantly with patience. First of all, forget about auto mode, it is most desirable to capture video in manual mode to avoid the camera automatically increasing its ISO sensitivity when it points at low light areas. In manual mode, you have full control of shutter speed, aperture, and exposure compensation and it's not as hard as it seems. Ideally, you want to set the shutter speed to 1/60 seconds for silky motion of the subjects and in some cases, you want to set the aperture small enough that you don't have to refocus for any background objects. Otherwise, the background blur resulted from narrow depth of field would seem to introduce compression artifacts when there is lot of motion in the background objects. Hence, good lighting is important to shoot video at smaller aperture to give you more depth of field and clearer background objects. You also may want to turn off IS in your lens to avoid the hunting noise that the built-in microphone would pick up. I 've found that a monopod is necessary if you are shooting video at 50mm or longer focal length. Secondly, I would suggest manual focusing after you let the lens autofocus before you press the video record button. Autofocusing during recording often results in noisy hunting. You may want to invest in an external microphone, but that could make you very standout in the crowd. I was surprised to find that face detection is also possible in video capture mode using the Live View display. I have yet validated the camera actually re-focus accordingly with the faces it detects. But at least I can see the yellow brackets show up on the faces.All in all, I love this camera and enjoy it very much. Hopefully it would last for me for another 5 years. The way I look at it, the camera body is not as important as lenses in terms of investment. My 20D still can produce some amazing pictures with a good lens attached to it. In the past, I have passed up on the EOS 40D, EOS 50D, and EOS 5D MK2. And I can see most EOS 5D MK2 users are now envy with the new focusing system and high frame rate of the EOS 7D. I am not a pro, so the relatively higher ISO noise on the EOS 7D compared with any full frame camera is not an issue for me. The most important thing is that the ISO noise performance of the 7D is much better than my EOS 20D, although I have to say that Canon still has troubles with red color even in low ISO. I did look at the Nikon. During my recent vacation, I had a chance to play with my friend's Nikon D300s. I can tell you that I love my EOS 7D better despite the fact that the Nikon has 51 focus points and a 2nd SD slot. I didn't see any difference in IQ except that my friend's camera seems to overexpose with normal default settings. He's a die-hard Nikon fanboy. And to this day, he is still trying to figure out the D300s menu and why it overexposes. Hopefully this little episode would satisfy you Canon EOS fanboys out there.