If it had an optical zoom lens, this camera would be perfect! But, it would also cost a lot more. The  camera is nice and small, fits easily in a coat pocket so you can take it  anywhere. Picture quality is great, a bit soft on landscapes but all  digital cameras are, even the 2 megapixel ones don't really do landscapes  that well. The macro shots from this camera look spectacular, and people  shots are just great. They print out very nicely, too. The autofocus works  very well, and the metering is excellent (you can adjust the exposure up  and down 1 stop if you want, but so far I haven't found it necessary).  Color saturation is great, and very accurate. You can't adjust the white  balance manually, but fortunately the camera's automatic white balancing  works extremely well. You have 4 options when taking pictures, SQ (standard  quality), HQ (high quality), SHQ (super high quality) and SHQ uncompressed.  SQ is 640x480, the rest are 1260x980, the only difference being the  compression used. HQ uses the most compression, and SHQ uncompressed uses  no compression at all (a nice feature that many cameras don't have -for  those really detailed shots). I find HQ works just fine for most pictures,  and I can get 73 of those on a 16MB card. The viewfinder is a bit small,  but not hard to find, and it's quite clear. The LCD is good, even in the  daylight. Controls are easy to learn and well laid out. It's easy to view  your pictures on the LCD, and you can delete any one (or all of them) at  the touch of a button. You can also protect any of them from being  accidentally erased. There's a 3x feature that allows you to see a portion  of the picture a 3 times the size, useful for determining how sharp it  really is, or if you moved the cameral during the shot. The flash works  very well for its size, and you can easily turn it off, set it for fill, or  red-eye reduction. The panorama mode works great, even hand-held. I took  some shots of a church with the steeple way, way up there, using the  panorama feature, and when I assembled the shots later on the computer  (it's an automatic process) the result was tremedous. You could not see the  seams at all, even though I took the shots hand-held. Great stuff. The  camera is pretty sturdy too. I dropped it from about 3 feet and  (thankfully) it survived. The software is reasonably good, and I really  like the little Camedia thumbnail viewer. Downloading from the camera is  smooth, although a bit slow since it's serial. However, the FlashPath  adapter works really nicely and is much, much faster. The camera uses batteries pretty quickly,  but if you get some NIMH rechargeables you'll have no worries. Go to Thomas  Distributors on the web, and buy the MAHA MHC-C204F charger  and  8 NIMH batteries and you'll never run out. With the MAHA you can even recharge them in your car. Don't buy the Olympus NIMH charger, it only works with Olympus batteries (yes I tried it with some others and it  got so hot it almost caught fire) and doesn't have the features of the MAHA  (and it costs quite a bit more).  By the way, the camera comes with a  home version of PhotoDeluxe, which is an OK photo editor. Has the basics.  But you'll probably want something else eventually. I recommend PhotoSuite  II - really great for the price and very easy to use.  Anyway, I guess  I've rambled a bit, but bottom line I'm very happy with this camera. Going  digital is so freeing - you can take as many shots as you want, no film  costs, see exactly what you have before you walk away, and then put it all  into your computer to play with.