I did make a movie of the night shuttle launch with this(I live about 40 miles from KSC so I can see it pretty clearly) and while I liked it, it was pretty much the same as what I can get with my Blackberry. The real magic is in the way this takes still photos.Very small, very thin - stylish. It fits in your pocket and feels solid. It's like a netbook in that it has all the features of a desktop in short hand. All the previous super thin digital point and shoots were sexy, but they took crappy pictures. So I guess you looked cool with it but that was about it.There's almost no shutter lag with this at any setting. It's as fast as an old style film camera and just as accurate. It also does a LOT more than any manual camera ever could. The included programs are not superfluous cool toy candy - they actually work.The big problem the F70EXR kills is how to use all those features without constantly playing with the camera. I mean, it's nice and then here you are surfing through sub menus and drama while stuff is happening right in front of you. EXR mode handles all of it. It's even printed in red right on the primary features wheel on the back of the housing. You just put it there and find something to take a picture of. It does everything but zoom (you do that yourself). If you put the camera in full display mode you can watch it cycle through all of its enhancements when you focus on something. It's pretty mind blowing and works really well. This is not some wonder toy that just bumps up contrast or some other neato trick that looks good but achieves little: it takes seriously dense pictures that are super easy to edit if you feel like it.It seems to work best when you are close to your subject.  It does give you autofocus warnings and low light jaggedy symbols if it is having a hard time. What's really impressive is that it solves its own problem by switching to a different aperture setting, filter or algorithm.  You can watch it work, and it is very fast. You can also play with the settings yourself while it's working, like give it a clue.The zoom is awesome, and the anti-shake works out well. The only problems I had with it was when I used the macro to take pictures of jewelry for auctions. I am used to a camera that is finicky about low light levels, so I have to play with multiple lights from all different angles before I can get something half way decent to edit in Photoshop. The multiple lights I usually use freaked out the autofocus in EXR mode. When I switched to other modes, it told me `unable to render effect'. This was totally my fault for not taking the time to find out what this camera's needs are. It's not like other cameras: it's special.I found I did not have to use half the junk I usually set up because the F70EXR just rocks all over low light levels and has a superior flash. I could actually use the flash without bleaching out what I was shooting. It took me a while to figure out that I could actually squash my tripod right up against the shiny surfaces I was shooting without losing color or focus. It also has a sort of dual mode where it will take two pictures simultaneously: one with flash and one in natural light mode. It displays the pictures side by side so you can see what the difference is and decide what is best for you. I found that to be a serious help when deciding whether to repress the flash or not.The lens does love to be placed right up flush with things - something most digital cameras I have owned will not put up with. However, if you try for an extreme zoom in low light - it will have fits and give you all sorts of warnings. It also won't focus and gives you all sorts of color drama that is not easy to correct. I am pretty sure this is because of lighting. When I tried an extreme zoom outside in bright daylight it was happy enough to do whatever I wanted to. This is a user error, certainly. Like someone else posted, the F70EXR does tend to be a little iso happy, but you can tell it to stop that and then it's fine. You can do something like a macro you would do in Photoshop, tell it to remember those settings and it will while using the automatic features.In summary - this thing is a low light wonder. It is also dead easy to use and super productive. I love the ultra bright LCD that gives decent previews too. What a mind blower: All the functionality of a high end film camera with extra tricks (that really do work) and no bulky stupid case full of enhancements to drag around with you. Technology: what a concept. If you are the type to blow $600 on a manual Leica you may want to consider going digital with something like this. It's getting there, people. And it's a lot cheaper, too. The only bummer is that you are stuck with this one lens but weirdly enough you can program it to do things that would ordinarily take several lenses to accomplish. So don't freak out at the price. This isn't like you buy a camera body and then have to get lenses: these modern cameras change aspect on command. And they do it so well! Wow.