First, I want to preface this by saying I mostly shoot with a professional dSLR, so to me, Image Quality is the most important aspect of photography -- but I will be the first to say that there are times that I would never lug around a dSLR -- to an amusement park, a family picnic, a night out with friends, a weekend at the beach, a walk with the dog...I had been using a Canon G9 as my backup camera for point-and-shoot situations, but over the last couple years I have had many situations where it has been just too heavy and as cumbersome as bringing along my dSLR...I looked at the G10, which was even heavier and even bigger!. Hm....Having played around with several top of the line compact point-and-shoots, and having even bought a few of them and returned them, there was nothing that I deemed high Image Quality until I read all the reviews on the Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 coming out of Europe and Asia (who had it before we did under a different name)...I couldn't want to try it - and BOY was the wait worth it.This camera produces far and away the best Image Quality I have ever seen on a small point-and-shoot that is lightweight, small, and has an amazing 12x zoom. It's 1/2 the size of the Canon G10. But the real test came when I took the camera to a weekend at Cedar Point and got daytime as well as nighttime shots that were simply stunning. While you can't really set any of the manual settings, there are plenty of shooting modes, but right out of the box, the camera has the "smarts" to just take great photos - auto setting the ISO, auto setting the shutter and aperture settings as needed, and just having a "knack" to produce sharp and brilliant jpg photos (there is no Raw setting for those who want it -- I don't so I am perfectly happy). Photos of neon lit roller coasters and LED light strewn trees at night just looked amazing, all hand-held, all just a snap. Putzing a bit with the scene modes gives you a little bit of creativity with flash -- but it's hardly necessary.This camera now stays in my work messenger bag 24/7 for photos on the fly. It simply has stunning IQ, photos are sharp and well exposed, and I can not recommend it more.Re-reading this starts to sound like an advertisement for the camera! You can read through my reviews and see that I primarily shoot only with Nikon equipment, occasional Canon equipment. This Panasonic camera is just a total surprise. It shouldn't be - since people have been touting how great Panasonic's point and shoots have been for years to me, but seeing is believing.I wish I could give it 6 stars. Nothing else compares. One word of warning: the camera is massively underproduced so it is out of stock most places -- look around and you should be able to find it - don't pay the over-inflated prices that some people are gauging because they know how popular this camera now is, and are asking 4 - 5x the asking price. The list price is 399.99 -- anything over that is price gauging.I got mine through pre-order, and paid about 349.00 for it through a reputable dealer.