(Updated to appease the bashers who reject the notion that anyone can disagree with them and, according to them, anyone who does is clearly uninformed. Since when did individualism become an imperfection?) Overall this is a nice camera and, as with most of Canon's line, most of the features will be rather familiar. Aside from the flash being a rather awkward place, the camera will satisfy most buyers. I bought this camera several months ago and began taking pictures in various modes and scenes, and I also took the same pictures with my Canon PowerShot SD800 IS.  Before buying the S90, I also tried the SD980 IS. I've been using Canon PowerShot cameras for more than a decade and after taking over 2000 test shots, I feel confident in saying that Canon's current product line is nothing short of a disappointment. It's hit or miss... (As a non sequitur, under no circumstances can you use AUTO mode! You MUST turn the mode dial and use the adjustable settings.)Shortly after the first few test shots, I contacted Canon customer support because I noticed that the newer cameras (mentioned above) did not have SUPER FINE jpeg compression. A representative told me that their Japanese developers have eliminated the SUPER FINE compression ratio and all their cameras have only FINE and NORMAL compression. That would be like buying an HDTV that only displayed SD. Yes, I know, the common user WILL NOT notice a difference...(as someone else pointed out in their review). ***Similarly, I know plenty of people who can't tell the difference between 720p and 1080p.If you buy this, or any of Canon's current product line, be warned, most of your pictures will come out severely noisy, flat, blurry and unfocused. Indoor shots are not acceptable; however, outdoor shots (taken on a clear day) came out looking really nice. Some of the reviews here are from people who either do not have the "eye", or have limited knowledge of Canon's previous camera line. However, don't take my word for it, drop the money and see for yourself. If you have a trained eye, you'll see it! Again, if you allegorize this to HD movies, there are still plenty of folks out there who cannot tell the difference between a Standard Def movie and a High Def one.Before buying this camera, do you research! Go to Canon's Website and peruse their current line; you can also download the PDF instruction booklet. Look through the documentation and search for their JPEG compression; if you only see "fine" and "normal" then don't buy it if that is important to you! Canon has really proven to be a disappointment to their most loyal consumers. I understand this camera also records in RAW format, which I haven't discussed here, but that is great for anyone who wants to go into post-editing all the time. It does provide a wider range of post-editing options, however in my experience, the images still looked very much the same. (Users can record each shot in RAW+JPEG.)I realize this is a P&S;, but I've had P&S; cameras in the past that produce much better images than this one, with colors more vibrant, lines sharper, better contrast with more depth. I realize this review is going to get bashed but at least I'm not just restating all the positives that have already been stated in countless other online review site, and at least I ACTUALLY OWN the camera (some people post reviews and don't even own the item!). To anyone who is going to bash and bully this review, do so not at the risk of accentuating your ignorance and intolerance towards other's ideas.