By now you've probably read a ton of reviews... here or elsewhere on the internet about this camera. I've had it for a few months, upgrading from a Canon Rebel Xsi and finally decided to do a review, now that I have experience with it and really have had a chance to put it through it's paces. I'll try to keep my review based TOTALLY on my own personal experiences, and not just regurgitate the words everybody else has already said about this camera. I'm going to spread this review out into a couple of lists, then a short question and answer section... so here goes!What's hot?* Large, 18 megapixel images* Great low-light performance at high iso's* Fast* Automatic White Balance does a much better job than my Xsi ever did.* Rugged/Solid* Feels very "significant" in your hands and comfortable to hold* Automatic Focus is highly configurable to your situational needs and performs VERY well (in comparison to any previous camera I've owned)* Remote flash triggering* Movie modes are neat (I don't play with them much however... I'm more a photographer than videographer)* Most "professional" ASP-C sensor camera yet.* Shares batteries with the 5Dmark ii.* Penti-prism 100% view is amazing. Much brighter and more useful, to me, in framing a shot than the penti-mirror design of the Rebel series.* Micro-adjustment for individual lenses is awesome.What's not?* Rebel T2i has it's sensor, iso range, movie modes, a bigger and more detailed screen, and a "dumbed-down" version of the 7D's auto-focus... at about $1000 less.* If you're used to a Rebel camera (or point-and-shoot), the weight will be very noticeable after a while.* ExpensiveQuestions and answers:Q: Would this be a "good camera" for me to buy as my first step into the DSLR realm?A: No. More accurately... probably not. This camera is complex, and it should be. It's as professional as the ASP-C camera's get... and it's in the xD lineup. If you aren't familiar with basic camera functions... something that takes this many steps beyond "basic" will either be frustrating, or wasted by always sitting in the "automatic" setting on the dial. I would, instead, recommend you look at the Canon Rebel T2i! It's got many of the specs of this camera, at a much cheaper price point. It's lighter, smaller, and more beginner/intermediate friendly.Q: Should I get this camera over the Rebel T2i?A: Depends totally on your use of a camera. Need something light, friendly, very capable, and a great value? Rebel all the way. Need something with a super-fast shutter, rugged build quality, and a few very advanced features? Go with the 7D.Q: Which lens should I get with the 7D?A: Totally depends on what you want to do and what you need it for. I chose the 28-135mm. So far, it's not a bad little piece of glass. That seems to be about the standard idea on all the "kit" lens options. Looking back, I probably could have saved myself some cash by buying the body only and used it to buy some REALLY GOOD glass. The sensor on this camera has an nearly un-satiable hunger for sharpness. You won't see it's true potential without amazing optics.Final word: If you need a blazing fast, rugged, Canon camera and you're willing to really go through it's complexities and wring every last ounce of "Awesome" out of it... in the ASP-C format... this is it. If you want to save some money and/or are just getting into the world of DSLR's... I'd pass this one by. I made my choice, and I don't regret it.