It took me a long time to decide to "go digital" and even longer to figure out which specific camera to buy. I'm fairly techno-crippled (faxes and microwaves still seem like magic to me and I still have to rely on my children to program my VCR).  Because of my limitations I felt positively overwhelmed by the information to consider when I tried to pick which digital camera to buy.  I read as much technical information as I could stand (not very much) and listened to the advice of family and friends until my eyes glazed over.  Finally I decided to purchase this particular camera for several reasons.  First, Canon was a brand of camera I'd owned and liked in the past; second, this model seemed to deliver the most features at the lowest price; and finally it looks good and has a cute name (pause while eyes of the tecno-literate roll).The day after I got the camera I took it with me on a family vacation.  I started taking pictures almost right away -- although figuring out how to download the software onto my laptop took a bit of time and exploring all the things I can do with the pictures (like printing and emailing) is still in the works.  But I don't think any of this is a problem of the product -- everything in the documentation seems clear enough that even a moron like me ought to be able to put this together (eventually).Here are some of the things even I can do already -- 1)  I take pictures, choose which shots I don't like, delete them right away and take a new picture.  This is great if you have a nine-year old who loves to ham it up for photos (i.e., now mommy is going to take this picture again.  This time without the silly faces).  This is great for posed shots -- now you can be sure you got that great picture of your family in front of Cinderella's castle BEFORE you walk away.  2) I can hook up the camera to my computer, download pictures and enlarge them to see if I still like them (you can't see on the itty bitty screen on the camera if someone has thier eyes closed for example).  I delete pictures I don't like.  I may not be able to take a picture over at this point but I used to pay to have the shot developed only to throw the picture away later.  What a waste.  Plus now I only print the best of the best and only what I need.  3) I can (and do) carry the camera everywhere.  This camera is about the size of a double deck of cards.  It tucks in a pocket or purse (it even fit in my tiny evening bag along with my lipstick and credit card).  I found I was much more likely to take this little camera with me and got some great picures I might have missed otherwise. 4) I had no problems figuring out how to charge the battery, put the battery in the camera and load the flashcard (I did get the 128MB flashcard and never ran out of room).  It was a bit more difficult figuring out how to hook the camera to the computer and download the pictures but again, I think these are mostly my limitations not the product's or the documentation.Some disapointments, though not unexpected, were that it is hard to take "action" shots as there is a delay between pushing the button and taking the picture that is hard to get used to.  Also, sometimes I accidentally flipped the switch and was taking motion pictures instead of still pictures.  It was hard to figure out how to delete the motion pictures I did not want and I did miss the still photos I had wanted to take.It will probably be a few years before digital photography catches up to film photography in quality and at a price the average user can afford, but in the meantime this is a great camera to learn with while still capturing your memorable moments in photos.  I highly recommend this camera for people like me who are not particularly good with new technologies.