I've had the Sigma DP2x for several months now and feel that I've used it enough to give some feedback on the camera. First things first, this is not meant to be a point and shoot camera. It looks like a point and shoot camera, it's about the same size as a point and shoot camera, and it even has the telescoping lens design found in many point and shoot cameras. But it is not a consumer point and shoot camera. It does not come with many features found in today's consumer P&S; -- no geotagging, no HDR, no face detection, no pano-stitching, no wireless printing, not even any scene modes. Autofocus is not particularly slow, much faster and more accurate than my original DP2, but it's no DSLR. Low-light color performance is very poor -- ISO 800 and up may show noticeable color banding depending on the scene. Though the lens appears to be like any other P&S;, it is a prime lens that does not zoom. If you are interested in this camera to chase your kids around at birthday parties, or for quick snapshots with friends, you're going to be disappointed. These are all perfectly acceptable uses for a camera, but do yourself a favor and get a Canon, Nikon, Sony, Olympus, or Pentax digicam.So what is this camera? I've been mulling over that question since I've started using this little lightbox. It's not a pocket replacement for a DSLR, it's just too slow for action shots and lacks the versatility of interchangeable lenses. As discussed above, it's not a consumer point and shoot. It's not even in the same class as the Fuji X100 or Leica X1, with their ISO 6400+ low light performance and plethora of photographic and video features. But I don't think that Sigma intended the DP2x to be any of these.The way I see it, Sigma took the presence of the film medium and put it into a simple digital box. At ISO 50, the DP2x exposes like a medium contrast slide film -- dripping with color, contrast, and virtually grainless, but with a slim latitude that is less forgiving of incorrect exposure. Moving into ISO 100-400, image quality becomes more and more like a decent print film, with more subdued (but pleasing) color and graininess rapidly increasing, but with a larger latitude that is much more forgiving of incorrect exposure. Highlights in the ISO 100-400 range can often be recovered quite well and highlight clipping is seldom the problem that it is with other digital cameras. Above ISO 400, color starts to fall apart. The biggest complaint that I have with the DP2x is the noise at higher ISO, especially the pronounced color banding at ISO 800 (occasionally) and above. Saturation drops rapidly at ISO 1600 and noise -- both chroma and luminance -- is severe. Sometimes you can pull a usable shot out of ISO 1600, but it should be a last resort. Shoot for black and white, and everything changes. In monochrome, high ISO exposes crisp and contrasty with a luminance noise that is more akin to an attractive grain than digital noise. Even ISO 3200 produces attractive, moody black and white shots. Understand the camera from the standpoint of film, and it starts to make sense. Nothing will ever replace a beautiful exposure of Velvia or Provia, but as far as digital goes, the DP2x image quality can deliver.The lens on the camera is an optical masterpiece. It may not look like much, but it is one sharp cut of glass. Even wide open at f/2.8, it is sharp in the sliver of depth of field available. Lots of people argue back and forth about the merits of its Foveon sensor and the camera's real resolution. The output resolution is 4.5-ish MP, but I don't think that resolution comparisons are relevant between the Sigma DP2x and other digital cameras. All I can say is that I've never felt limited by the resolution of the camera. Unlike other digital cameras, the uniform color resolution of the Foveon sensor adds a certain presence and sharpness that is not easily quantifiable. What I do know is that when I take shots on the DP2x, I can't wait to get home to view the images -- I can't say the same for my Canon system. The colors are unique, not necessarily accurate, but pleasing with a depth and vibrancy that you just don't find in other digital cameras. It's a camera for a photographer who makes photographs instead of taking them, for someone who will take the time necessary to master its quirks and can appreciate the simplicity in design and awe-inspiring image quality when everything comes together.