I've had this camera for about three weeks and have taken several hundred pictures with it.  It takes excellent pictures with amazing detail and color.  Despite the fact that I am often photographing moving children, fewer than 5% of the pictures have been blurry.  This camera's ability to take excellent action shots with no blur is one of its strongest features, in my opinion.  A second superior feature of the camera, relative to the last camera I bought recently and returned (Canon Powershot SX 100IS) is the fast next shot delay.  This camera is ready to take another picture, even after using the flash, relatively quickly. I say "relatively" because there is still a delay, but compared to the sluggish Canon, it is a great improvement.  If you don't have the flash on, then the next shot delay is very fast.  Also, the time the camera is ready to take the first picture from the time I take it out of the camera bag is quite short.I have tried taking close up pictures of jewelry with the macro setting, which is only a one-button press.  I thought it did a pretty decent job, although I did have to play around with the lighting to make sure that the flash didn't get reflected.Another superior feature of this camera, relative to the Canon mentioned above, is the operation of the zoom. I find that I can control the exact amount of zoom with the button, whereas with the Canon, the zoom seemed to jump discontinuously.For the amount of power (meaning the 10x zoom) and precision of this camera, it is very light (under a pound) and compact. I was able to take a whole series of shots at the playground using just one hand with no trouble, and the weight of the camera did not cause my hand to get tired.Another feature I really like is that after taking a bunch of pictures, you can review them as a slide show with music and special effects.  I did this at the end of a dinner party and was able to instantly show guests a slide show of the dinner on the camera.As far as negative features, there are only two that I have discovered.  The first is that there is a lens cap that has to be put on and taken off manually. You attach the cap to the camera strap with a string, so it's not a big problem; just a little inconvenient.  In contrast, Canons' lens covers are built in, and the lens is covered with just a press of a button. The second negative feature is common to all Sony products and that is their proprietary accessories.  The camera requires a Sony rechargeable battery (one comes with the camera, as does the recharger, but I bought an extra one) and a Sony pro-duo memory card.  For me this is worth it because I really like Sony cameras.In summary, I think this camera takes excellent pictures while being lightweight and compact.  It's a good camera for a person like me, who often wants to take pictures of kids moving without having to mess with a bunch of settings to change the camera speed.  I am very happy with this camera and highly recommend it to people who have similar needs. Sony Cybershot DSCH10/B 8.1MP Digital Camera with 10x Optical Zoom with Super Steady Shot