The first problem I noticed after buying the camera, was its hunger for battery power; I used up my batteries in less than 10 minutes (LCD screen turned on). Later on I realized that the reason for this, was the quality of the batteries I used (cheap ones). Finally, I charged up the included Ni-MH AA batteries, and was able to shoot pictures for much longer, even with the LCD screen.As for the resolution, it is very satisfactory for a camera of that price, with that many functions. In fact, I dont even use the maximum size too often, the smaller sizes of the pics are enough for a good quality shot.A good thing about this camera, is that you can use it as both a manual-settings, and an "idiot-machine". It has good auto-focus, even in dark areas (with the AF-Illuminator turned on). If you're using autofocus, all you need to do is press the shooting button half way, and in about 2 seconds, the lens will adjust itself, to form clear, sharp pictures. If you want to play around with the settings, you can define the distance between the camera and the object you're photographing.The camera also offers ISO, EV, WHITE BALANCE, FLASH LEVEL, and SHARPNESS settings. So as you can see, you can get many different results with all these settings available.Transfering the pictures to the computer is rather easy. I have WinXP pro, so as soon as I plugged in the included USB cable, the computer recognized it, and automatically installed it. I didn't even have to use the included Driver CD. I also tested it using Win98SE, works good as well, but you will need to use the drivers on the CD. In WinXP, you will be able to use a special wizard which will automatically rename the pictures for you, and put them in a certain folder. In Win98, the camera will appear as a removable-drive (it will also appear in XP) and you will have to copy the pictures manually.One of the reasons I bought this camera, is its size. Sure there are other cameras even smaller, but this one offers great picture quality, and many manual settings (even effects like B&W;, Solarize, Sepia, Invert). I often carry it in my pocket, but you might want to get the carrying case, especially if you want to avoid scratches.A great option available in this camera, is the ability to shoot movies. It offers three resolutions: 160x112, 320x240, and 320(HQX). I dont know what HQX stands for, but it sure improves the quality of the movie. The one thing that really bothers me, is the lack of sound recording while shooting a movie. It's a big minus, but the main reason I bought it was shooting PICTURES, not MOVIES, so I won't complain much.Sony didn't include an AC cable, but instead you will get a battery charger (the batteries they included are rechargeable, so you'll save lots of money). You will also get a cable that will let you view the pictures on a regular TV.Another big minus, is the use of MemoryStick. The reason? It's less popular than other cards, and it's more expensive. Sony includes a 16mb card, just as most other companies. With the lowest picture quality, you will be able to get 240 pictures on this card. Using the highest quality, you will get about 15 shots.Overall, I am very satisfied with this camera, and I recommend it to anyone else interested in more advanced photography.