I've had a variety of great digital cameras, but recently found myself wanting/needing a compact, super-zoom, HD video camera.  The choices came down to the Panasonic ZS3 and the Sony CyberShot DSC-H20.  Hands on is the only real way of determining which is best for a person, so I bought both to do a direct comparison.  After a week of comparing these two cameras  in daylight, low light, night shots, and video here is MY conclusion (individual mileage may vary...):I'm keeping the Sony H20; it has to be one of the most underated cameras being sold today.  I'll only summarize at the end of this review why it is so much better for me than the Panasonic.  But now for some specifics about the Panasonic ZS3.Pros:Great screenOptical zoom while video recordingSmall sizeWide angle lens (25-300mm)Excellent IA modeHigh quality videoCons:Terrible low light and night shot capabilityVery poor strength flashInability to alter shutter speed/aperaturePoor color reproduction (compared to Canon and Sony)Focus when zooming during video not very accurate or rapid...even when continuous AF and Pre-AF have been turned off (or on for that matter)Excessive noise at telephoto end unless bright sunshineCan't use 3rd party batteries as a backup with the 1.2 firmware update which my model came withNo fluorescent light white balanceThe Panasonic ZS3 is not a bad camera (It was better in some ways...video primarily, than the Canon SX200is), but it's picture quality is not up to some of the Canon and Sony models I've used.  I've also owned the Panasonic TZ5 and came to the same conclusions.  The biggest problem for me however, was the dismal low light capabilities.  I'm not trying to shoot in the dark, but I'm also not always in a small room and close to the subjects where the flash MIGHT work.  I like to use the camera at concerts and in cities using the ambient street/sign lighting.The Sony H20 on the other hand has EXCELLENT low light and night shot capabilities!  Also the video is just as high quality, you can optically zoom during video recording, and the focus seems quicker during zooming.  You have an abundance of manual controls in addition to an IA mode that seems just as smart as the  Panasonic ZS3.  And the final point in favor of the Sony is the image quality comparing identical pictures taken under the same lighting, time, zoom, etc. conditions was much better with the Sony, especially at the 5-10X zoom level.  The noise level was much less even at ISO 800 with the Sony.The cons for the Sony would be the lens cap, slightly larger camera "thickness", and the "not so wide-angle lens".  However for me, the wide-angle lens issue did not bother me as I rarely take any type of group pictures needing a super wide-angle lens.  Remember, that's how I use a camera; this may not work for you, but don't count out the Sony because of that.Control responsiveness and shot to shot speed was similar in both cameras.  Both cameras have excellent build quality.  Battery life was similar...around 250 pictures with 30% of that using the flash and 30 minutes worth of video.Hope this has been helpful and at least gives you some things to consider about you camera needs.