This is not a technical review since there are tons of other existing reviews of those nature. This review is intended mostly for DSLR beginners or even better for those who own point and shoot (PS) and thinking about moving to the so called 'next' level. Before I share my two cents I would like to present an analogical question - what was your experience moving from one grade to the next in school? Not bad right? Eventually you understood what the books were trying to teach you. Well most of them! Same logic applies here.As compared to a PS camera there are of course more controls on Canon 7D but they are all understandable. More options means more control on the picture. You do not need to have 'years' of experience to master/understand this small instrument meant for capturing 'light'. All you need is two books - no one of them is not your camera manual. The only thing you need to understand from your camera manual is how to switch the camera to manual mode. Once you know this, throw your manual out of the window!The first book to read is David Busch's Canon EOS 7D Guide to Digital SLR Photography. Actually you do not need to read this book completely. The first three chapters are good enough to tell you what each button on the camera is meant for. You can read or more precisely refer to the remaining chapters depending on your need. Well some readers might object that you can get this info from your camera manual - that's true. However, if you are like me, you wont be able to stand that small book (camera manual) with monochromatic pictures and boring presentation. The choice is yours.The second book to read is Bryan Peterson's - Understanding Exposure. Read this end to end. It will make photography intuitive. After reading the very first chapter you will understand the core 'triangle' of photography which is comprised of the Aperture (the opening in the lens), ISO (light sensitivity) and shutter speed (the speed with which the shutter opens and closes). You will be surprised how your captured pics will have the correct exposure 'magically'. I guarantee you wont be disappointed after reading this book. Yes there is more to this book than capturing pics with correct exposure.Once you know how to manipulate your 7D, it will be your call how far you want to go with your compositions. As compared to entry level DSLRs, 7D offers more options. If you want to take nice pics and stay there you can choose one of the DSLRs from the rebel series. However if you want to have one DSLR with which you can learn DSLR photography and grow, 7D is the better choice. I particularly like the ability to access any function at the press of a button instead of digging deep in the menu. This translates into more overall speed and control over the camera and thus the pictures.So go ahead and get this fast beast without getting daunted!!3/9/12 Update:Lenses:I added 2 lenses to my collection: Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 II Prime and the Tamron AF 18-270mm f/3.5-6.3 Di II VC PZD LD Aspherical IF Macro Zoom Lens for Canon DSLR Cameras.I have found the Canon 50 mm prime to be the best for portrait photography and works great with the 7D. It can also be used as a general 'walk around lens' for landscape photography. It is lightweight and the max aperture of 1.8 works wonders - no exaggeration here. When purchasing this lens my decision was pretty clear.However, when I was looking for a zoom lens I had 3 choices: Canon 18-200 mm, Sigma 18-200 mm and Tamron 18-270 mm. After doing extensive research and seeing many pics taken by these lenses, I decided to go with Tamron. Another reason for going with Tamron was its jaw dropping 6 year warranty in the US. Nothing can beat this. Recently I took this lens on my trip to Nevada and found it to be great. You can google for the comparison of these 3 lenses and see the sample pics. You may also want to see the sample pics taken by Tamron on Amazon and decide for yourself.Tripod:If you are planning to buy a tripod, I would recommend the SLIK PRO 700DX Professional Tripod with Panhead (615-315). Its sturdy, comes with a carrying case and compliments 7D nicely.Camera Bag:I found the Case Logic SLR Camera/Laptop Backpack to be fantastic. The 7D fits into the bag with the 18-270 mm Tamron attached to it. It has many adjustable compartments and can fit 2-3 more lenses (not telephoto zoom) nicely.Please feel free to post questions if any. Hope this review was of some help. Happy clicking!