I bought this as a Christmas present for my wife two years ago (1999) and I think she took maybe a dozen pictures with it. The rest of the time I must have put it through about 2,000 pictures, and built several personal websites with it. Originally it was the price that did it ... from Amazon, and back then, it was the only ... digital camera with an LCD screen. It's also small enough to fit in your pocket easily. You can never go wrong with AA batteries, they're always available in a pinch. ALL digicams suck up batteries, my advice is invest in some rechargeables. The LCD updates extremely fast, although the photo itself is on about a 2-second lag from the moment you actually press the shutter button. But at least the photo stays on the LCD until you decide whether to save it or erase it. (which the Toshiba I own doesn't.)The menu is completely intuitive, the controls are simple and iconic, the only thing you can really do wrong is leave the Macro switch on by mistake, and you only discover that when you view them fullsize and discover they're out of focus. Recycle time between pictures is comparatively slow (several long painful seconds) to what's currently out there as well. (end of 2001) Don't get this camera for action shots, because you'll miss them.a 16M SmartMedia card will get you about 50 images in the highest resolution.For webpages, once you shrink the images to fit on a webpage, they're all the same. The difference is negligible.But if you're going to blow them up to print them, it might be a problem in anything bigger than 8x10. 1.6x digital zoom, no focus, but at least those are two things less to worry about. The photos are always in focus anyway.Color-correction modes are a little off color-wise, but that's always been fixable with basic imaging software. (even that's always dependable on your platform, for instance, dark greens seem to register as black on PCs, and vivid green on MACs.)After awhile, dust started to accumulate under the protective plastic lens cover, and the photos became blurry. There was no way to reach it by disassembling the camera to clean it, so I broke the cover off completely. Problem solved. Even though the resolution is under 1M-pixel, photos consistently come out sharp and high quality.This model comes with a video-out jack. Subsequent models such as the MX-1200 don't have it. If you like watching the photos back on your TV or other video source, then get this model.The serial cord to upload them to your computer is horribly slow. (I'm talking about 20+ minutes to load. Seriously.)Get either a USB card reader, ...or a floppy adapter instead and save yourself about 19 minutes of finger-tapping.I just upgraded to a Toshiba PDR-M70, because I need more flexibility, things such as a flash-sync port for my studio flash equipment, and the ability to attach filters. But I wish it had the simplicity menu-wise of the DX-10.