Still playing with the device but considering the pricepoint, I think I will be fairly satisfied with the device.Pros :  The 3D quality is better then I thought it would be, it really does a decent job and with the mini HDMI connection, it's pretty quick to watch it on your 3DTV.  There isn't nearly the level of ghosting that I would have expected given it was a 250$ 3D recording device.  I went in thinking I wouldn't get that level of 3D.  Non 3D movies shot in HD end up looking very nice as well.  I've had a flip and two kodaks of this class type in the past and this was the best quality out of all of them.  Also, one thing most of the compact devices lack is any sort of light/flash, it's nice to have a little help in low light situations with the built in led light.  The menus are easy enuf to navigate thru and I love have seperate dedicated buttons for pics or video.  I like the integrated usb slide out dongle.  The unit itself seems to have a good quality build to it.Cons :  No optical zoom in any mode, no zooming digital or optical in 3D mode.  The optical I get, I don't think anything in this class does but the 3d no digital zoom is dissapointing.  Also, it is supposed to have some image stabilization but I found this part of it to be poor too, videos in the upper hd modes can get very jittery.  In playback mode, there is no slideshow or auto play feature I can find which is a shame.  If you have a bunch of mini clips recorded and are trying to watch on the tv, you will have to get up and manually play each clip. Also, I wish, especially with this device having two lenses, there was some lens cover implementation.  The led light is not of the quality of lets say the iphone 4 one, it's nice to have but it does not make this a flash camera or flash video device.  As stated in the other review, the 3d screen is very, very poor, almost unusable in 3D mode.  The 3DS screens in video mode are just as bad though in my opinion.  Battery life does seem to be poor in 3D mode, average in non 3d use.  Quite a bit of my cons I can understand given the class of device it is, hence only the one star ding.  I just wanted to portray all the negatives I had come up against so far.Not con nor pro :  Stills are average per class usual, software provided is averageI didn't test out the sharing options although it seems to have a wealth of them.  Also, in non U.S. territories, there is also a package sold with a panaramic 360 degree view add on device.  The manual talks about it.  As far as I can tell, this device is not sold seperately anywhere yet, and the combo package is not offered natively in the U.S.End of the day, content and 3D integration is still pretty limited for 3DTV users and in that scenario, I reccomend it to 3DTV purchasers as another way to get some bang for their buck from their 3dTV purchase.  That said, would I buy this if I didn't have a 3dTV?  No way, the 3d screen is too poor for that to be the only method of your 3d watching of your content and sans the 3d, all the rest of the features are offered on their lesser costing versions of the bloggie.