I'm the photography editor for my collegiate newspaper and we acquired this camera about 2-3 years ago. Since then, it's been the workhorse for our staff. Going through the metadata of our pictures, almost all the great images we've gotten throughout the years have been taken with this camera.PROS:Fantastic build quality. The magnesium alloy build is worth the purchase alone. Many sporting events take place regardless of weather conditions (lacrosse, soccer, etc.) which means we need a body that can withstand the elements. The 7D has gone through rainstorms, mud, and snow without fail. The small dings and scratches the body has received over the years have yet to impact its performance and weather sealing.The focusing system is probably the best I've used outside of the new Canon 5D Mark III/ 1 DX. It's ability to focus quickly from subject to subject has allowed myself and my other photogs to get some really amazing shots. As long as you have good lighting, it's basically a professional level camera in terms of focusing. Also, the chain drive, 8 frames per second, is great for action. Unbelievable speed that has captured some fantastic moments.The viewfinder. Being 100% coverage, it is simply awesome. It's bright and big, which allows me to compose my shots accurately and correctly. In the field, this makes all the difference, as sometimes, we only have 5-10min to get our shots in. Being able to compose the shot without thinking about the extra 3% the viewfinder isn't picking up is fantastic. Since using the 7D viewfinder, I find it hard to use other cameras that don't have viewfinders of the same quality.Of course the most important thing is the image quality which is also amazing. Great detail and fantastic color reproduction. Despite its age, it still competes quite well with the best APS-C cameras out there. Great value.CONS:Probably the biggest sign of the 7D's age, the ISO performance leaves much to be desired. Shooting basketball games, for example, is tough as I'd prefer another stop of ISO to get a better picture. I limit myself and my photogs to ISO 3200 for this camera, and even then that's pushing it. In JPEG format, the noise isn't that noticeable. However, if you tend to shoot in RAW a lot, then things could get messy, especially if you do a lot of work in post.The camera takes CF cards, which isn't a bad thing. However, when you look at the super cheap price of 16Gb and 32Gb SD Cards these days, it's hard to look past the CF slot. Moreover, most laptops and computers are shipping with SD card slots these days, making image transfers very easy. For our newsroom, having an SD card slot would probably save a good 5-10min on file transfers alone, especially in the field. It's not a deal breaker, but something that would make our life a little easier.OVERALL:Still the best camera I've used. Not only is it reliable, but it consistently takes amazing pictures for all of our staff. Moreover, it is available now for a very good price. I'm looking to add one or two more for our staff, despite it being so "old." Ours has taken a beating and still works like it is brand new. Pair it up with some great glass (we have a 300mm f2.8 L for example) and the pictures will blow you away. In my opinion, the best camera deal out there.