I rarely comment on my amazon purchases, but I have really depended on reviews to guide my netcam purchases and figured I needed to give my feedback on the product.  I bought this camera with the intent to purchase three more if it was a great product.  I would like to have three or four in my home so I can monitor remotely.Pros:1.  Fairly easy to configureI plugged it in to AC and ethernet.  I used a Win 7 box to run the installer that basically searches for the camera on my LAN.  I found it right away and gave it a static ip.  Reboot.2.  Works better than expected on my iMac under Snow LeopardI was able to see live streaming video using both Safari and Firefox under Snow Leopard.  I could also pan the camera with both browsers.  You lose digital zoom and audio, but I believe you can open quicktime and stream audio separately.  I did not try that part.3.  Solidly built product.4.  Tech support was available on a Sunday and with no hold time.5.  Great picture qualityIssues:1.  Live view under IE 8 and Win 7 64bit would not show video from the camera.  I could see the camera from the setup audio/video screen though.  I called tech support and was quickly connected with an agent.  She was very nice and attentive, but unable to resolve this issue.  She stated that IE 8 under Win 7 doesn't always work and she suggested I use Firefox.  I tried Firefox on the same Win 7 box and it did work by calling the quicktime plugin and was slow.2.  I could not access the camera using my Verizon Blackberry Tour's browser.  I could hit the camera's webserver, but had no access to controls and no picture.  I configured the 3GPP stream but never could get to it on the blackberry with the proper port forwarded.  When I put the camera in the DMZ, it would work.  I tried to troubleshoot this with Trendnet email support and found it to be abysmal.  I was told to forward ports 5002-5003, but these UDP ports are not configurable on the camera, only the TCP RTSP port.  Had I been able to stream to my blackberry, I would not have returned the camera.3.  I could not access the camera stream with my iPod Touch via Safari.  The browser failed to load the control icons and the video stream.  No iPhone support and it is 2010.  Disappointing.Conclusion:This camera, like many netcams, has IE ActiveX dependencies.  Surprisingly, I could not get it to work under Win 7 IE 8.  I normally use Firefox on my Mac, so this was not that big of a deal.  I also have XP on the Mac so the IE limitations were not a problem.  It would be great if manufacturers would not use proprietary coding in favor of open source functions available to many different OS and browsers.The real deal killer was not having any access using a mobile device.  Due to the webserver's dependancies on either java or activex, I could not view the camera using my blackberry or iPod Touch.  This means I would need access to a computer with internet to see the camera.  To the camera's credit, it did offer 3GPP mobile streaming, but I am fairly certain that Verizon blocks these streams.Considering this product costs over $200, not having access to the camera using my Blackberry was very disappointing.  Lack of iPhone support is another reason to look at a different camera.Overall, if you don't need access from mobile devices, and will access the camera from a PC or Mac with internet, this camera works.  If you want more out if it, including mobile phone and iPhone support, take a look at Sharx Security.