Awesome camera! First a little background. I have owned several Kodak cameras over the years, although my first digital was a Sony, so I am a little biased to Kodak. I loved my Z730 that was a few years old, but my son broke it on me so I decided it was time for an upgrade on features anyway. Did I say how much I LOVED that z730?!? So I wanted something that was similiar in style and function.I have 3 kids and another due shortly, so I take tons of indoor snapshots. I was seeking fast speed, short lag, a good zoom, easy to handle and program, excellent photos and good video (exactly the z730 features).I bought 2 cameras that I felt fit my criteria and budget, the Canon SX100 and the Kodak Z812. Never owned a Canon before, but they seem to get great ratings everywhere I searched. Of course, I also checked out the Nikon D40 (super fast, but no video), the Sony DSC-H10 (over my budget and got so-so reviews on indoor shots, but is fast) and several others. But the first 2 I purchased and tried at home under my conditions. Tried these side by side with my husband and then we swaped cameras and gave our thoughts. We both liked the Kodak better.The Canon SX100 is a perfect size, comfy to hold, takes various battery options, takes really nice photos, good response time without the flash...however, once the flash is used it takes FOREVER to recycle at about 4-8 secs (with 3 kids that won't work for me), the onboard program is not easy to use (hated it, Kodak is was easier), orientation does not keep pics face up if I snap at side angle (Kodak does), plus if you like a date stamp on the pics like I do, the Canon will only allow it on the "postcard" setting (Kodak has it on all settings). Overall nice megazoon camera, but too slow for indoor shots with flash and not a good menu set-up. I would rate this one about 3 1/2 stars.The Kodak Z812 is a bit bigger, but only like a 1/2 oz heavier than the Canon. I like the super fast speed of the Kodak Z812 shot to shot time and lag time...even with the flash used I could immediately snap the next shot without a wait. It has a crisp 230k pixel LCD and EVF. The Canon is 172k pixels (still nice) and only has an LCD which makes not much a difference to me b/c I rarely use a VF anyway. Both cameras have a 2.5in LCD. I like to set my camera at auto mode mostly with some tweaking from time to time. This camera happens to capture great videos and the zoom can be used while in use. Takes awesome crisp, clear, true to color pictures even when used in full zoom and macro mode. The program menu is so simple to use and navigate. I like the auto pop-up flash (the Canon has a maual flash) not that this is an important feature for me, but could be for someone else. The downside to the Kodak is the batteries. I do not like that Kodak put a disposable battery instead of a rechargeable one with a charger. It cost about $70 for these 2 added items. Te other thing I don't care for is where the zoom button is located, on the back and I prefer it to be with the snap button. Overall this camera is superb and deserves 5 stars!The Canon gets returned and the Kodak stays! You will love this camera too, I highly recommend it!