Note to AMAZON REP. REVIEWING THIS EDIT:  I HAVE MADE SOME MINOR CHANGES (SPELLING, CLARITY, ETC. OF MY ORIGINAL REVIEW) AND ADDED AN UPDATE AT THE BOTTOM.  PLEASE PUT THIS ONE IT'S ITS PLACE AS IT HAS ALL NECCESSARY CHANGES AND UPDATES.  I HAVE SENT THIS BEFORE WITH NO LUCK...HOPEFULLY THIS MESSAGE HELPS.  THANKS!!MY REVIEW:  This camera is absolutely wonderful!  In searching for a new digital camera, I was looking for several things...small size, excellent picture quality, and fast reaction time.  Not many things...just big improvements over my last camera (a Nikon Coolpix).  The Exilim Z55 has these features and MANY MORE! I do my research - and this camera came out on top!Below is my review(...)  I cannot believe how much thoughT Casio put into the features and orgnaization of this camera.  You can access each feature quickly and easily.  In a short time I was already able to use almost all the features of this camera (I never figured out half them on my other camera, or they would take so long to change that I didn't bother).  I didn't really care about the large LCD display when buying the camera...but now it's one of my favorite features.  Because of this display, I can switch between the different scene modes easily.  At the press of the button I can access the 23 different scene modes and decide which one to use. because of the big LCD display, there is room for Csaio to give the user a short description of what each scene mode does right on the camera...so I understand when to use it and what it is doing.  Also, when alter modes such as white balance, you can see on the LCD displayhow the change will affect the picture.  This is because the icon help menu pops up on top of whatever you are viewing (no blue screen). And, of course, the large LCD display makes it very easy to see pictures, aand delete the ones that you don't want (another easy thing to do at the puch of a button.  These two things (ease of use and LCD display) did not go into my decision to buy this camera but have been surprisengly wonderful and helped me really anjoy and get the most out of my camera.  Picture quality - wonderful. On the Exilim z-40, people complained about low light picture quality.  Not on the z-50.  Casio has done several things to correct it...this camera has flash assist (see casio website for more info on this), as well as gives the user the ability to quickly change the flash intensity.  I'm telling you, if you use the features of this camera (which is not hard to do at all)...your pictures will come out great!  Color saturation is beautiful and the pictures are very crisp and clear.  At the stores, I took pictures with this and 3 different cameras (a Nikon, Kodak, HP)...the Casio's pictures were great (looked like 35 mm camera pictures), clear, crisp, colorful... and not as dark as some of the others.  And this was before I knew how to use any of the cameras features.  Fast reaction time...no more missing that first smile, the half second you child actually looks at the camera, or the one second someone takes to blow out the last candle on the cake.  Casio's ex-z55 turns on in 1.5 seconds and takes the picture within .01 seconds after pressing the button.  I LOVE IT!!!!  Battery life!  They just keep going and going and going.  You can take like 400 pictures with this camra on one battery!  I don't worry about taking time to view pictures, play around with modes, etc because I know I still have plenty of battery life let.  This first day I got this camera, I played around with it contantly fr hours and at the end of the day, still had a full bar.  Plus, Casio gives you a rechargeable battery which you can recharge right in the camera by putting the camera into the cradle/docking station (another nice feature; also provided) each night.  Now that I mentioned it...the docking station.  Need to download picutres...no more messing with wires and connecting them to the back of the computer.  Just place the camera into the docking station (which is plugged into your computer at all times (if you choose and I would), and download them.  Not to mention, your battery won't go dead downloaded pictures, as the docking station will power it while you download.  See what I mean...CASIO THOUGHT OF IT ALL.  Along with several other cameras, after much research I narrowed it down to this camera and the Canon S500, but after reading many reviews about the dreaded E18 error which eventually leaves the camera unusable, I leaned more to this one and I am so glad!  The Exilim has a steel case so is not subject to change of pressures, and tempurture problems as some other aluminum bodies camera.  Seriously, if you are looking for a pocket size camera with many features and great piture quality.  Take a look at this camera...you will be impressively surprised.  I appreciate a company who takes the time to really think about their product, how to make it easy to use, and really makes improvements over their last model.  I don't give out 5 stars to everything, normally I don't even leave reviews on things I have purchased, but I am so impressed with this camera and really think people need to come and check it out.  If you want to see this model in person, most Circuit City's have one on display.  Go take a look...you won't be disappointed.I'll be sure to update this review if I do find out anything unfortunate...but I don't think I will need to.  Hope this information helps...Good luck with you're new camera and ENJOY!