I like this camera very much. It is my first digital camera. It was sent to me as a gift, purchased at Amazon.Because of its lackluster customer reviews, I probably wouldn't have selected this camera myself, and would have missed out.The features I've found most useful:Very good user manual. Because this was my first digital camera, I studied it for several hours. There are many settings options. I found that they became intuitive surprisingly quickly, and they're organized into a menu structure that also became intuitive with a surprisingly short amount of practice.It uses standard rechargeable NiMH AA batteries, not a proprietary battery pack.Tripod mount. I use a tripod whenever possible, and am getting amazingly sharp crisp pictures with very good color.Large bright LCD display with intuitive readable layout that can be set to show all the important settings currently in effect while composing a shot.The flash is very bright and is wide-field, so I've had no problems with insufficient coverage of the area in a shot.Configurable sounds.The Programmed exposure mode (P) works well for most conditions. (I was less satisfied with the completely automatic AUTO (A) exposure mode.)Macro focus works well.There is a Manual (M) override for the exposure settings, which I've found interesting and useful.The center-weighted light metering mode is very good.Auto-Focus works very well. I have its mode set to Wide.Depth of field is surprisingly good under all conditions so far, even though the camera's aperture range seems quite narrow compared to SLR film cameras. Maybe that's normal for digital cameras.Using only the internal memory (no separate memory card) and with JPEG compression set to Normal, I'm getting about 28 photos at 3 megapixel size before memory is full. It says it holds about 9 12-megapixel photos, or 118 640x480 photos, but I haven't tested those settings.Battery "problems"The camera came with two Duracell Ultra alkaline batteries dated 2016, 4 years in the future. I put them in the camera, turned it on, set the date and time, pressed OK, and that's as far as I got. The camera turned itself off because it thought the batteries were exhausted.It appears to me that you simply cannot use alkaline batteries in this camera (in spite of their being provided in the package), even if you set the battery mode to Alkaline. They cannot deliver the current surges required by this (or probably any) digital camera.For a couple of days, I used some Energizer NiMH AA's that I had, but only got about 9 flash photos per charge because they were old.With new Duracell 2450 mAh NiMH rechargeable batteries, I've got at least 100 photos so far (most of them with flash) on a single charge and haven't exhausted the batteries yet.Moral of the story: if you don't have high capacity NiMH rechargeable AA batteries and a charger, get those items at the same time that you purchase this camera. You'll need them.I thought I should mention that because some of the customer review complaints have been about an apparently dead camera, and I have to wonder if the batteries might have been the real problem, considering that the only thing I was able to accomplish with the provided batteries was set the date and time.When I searched Amazon to see what other camera I might have chosen for myself instead of this one, I couldn't find anything I would be confident about liking better than this one, especially at anywhere near the price of this one.