I have to say, I'm a little surprised at some of the criticisms of this camera. The name itself - Bloggie - suggests that this little camera is going to have some limits in functionality. It's not going to do everything.But what it CAN do, it does surprisingly well. Most importantly, it shoots very impressive 3D with great resolution...under the right conditions. The 'right conditions' in this case have to do with lighting. Your Bloggie 3D will give you a great picture when you shoot outdoors during the day. It will very good picture shooting indoors with ample light. If you shoot in lower light, you're going to lose resolution. The Bloggie 3D also records sound very well; I've even recorded bands in clubs with great clarity...and a good picture when there's plenty of light on the stage.Of course, the 3D itself is the main selling point of this camera, and it doesn't disappoint. You may notice that the 3D effect is better for objects "popping" off the screen than for creating the illusion of objects in the background 'laying back.' I assume that this is because the twin lenses are positioned so close together. Some folks have criticized this, but I see it as a good call on Sony's part. (If you want to shoot 3D for home video, after all, you probably prefer the fun of showing things flying off your TV screen over a more realistic recreation of depth.) I'd rank the 'popping' 3D effect at least on par with that found in current theatrical films. And when watching your 3D videos on a 3D television, you get the added benefit of experiencing 3D with enough light to properly showcase the effect. It also takes nice 3D stills, though the LED light offers only limited lighting for shooting in a dim setting.The videos you shoot on this cam are also (impressively) compatible with YouTube. You can upload your 3D videos via the included Bloggie Software, and YouTube will actually convert them to anaglyph (red/blue) 3D for viewing by friends and relatives. Better still, if you watch Bloggie-created videos through YouTube on an HD 3D TV, the format will be converted to whatever type 3D your TV offers. AMAZING!! You WILL lose some resolution, but...very impressive!UPDATE TO THIS REVIEW!! I mentioned when I first wrote this that my only complaint about this camera was that I hadn't found a way to edit footage in iMovie then get it properly formatted in 3D when uploaded to YouTube. PROBLEM SOLVED! If YouTube doesn't automatically format your 'side-by-side' images, there's a bit of YouTube code you can copy and paste into the "tags" box when you upload your video. (This can easily be found in tags from other users' Bloggie 3D videos...and I'm sure you can find it by searching around on YouTube as well.) I have to say, I was happy with this camera even when I thought that, for most users, only raw footage would work in 3D on YouTube. Obviously, this really expands the camera's functionality. You can edit your footage, add music and make your own little 3D movies.Once more, in looking over some of the reviews of this camera, I'm surprised by some of the things other folks have called out as faults. I think any device such as this needs to be looked at for what it's supposed to do...not what you might wish it could do. (Hey, I don't expect it to get up in the morning and make me breakfast!) I can't claim to be a filmmaker of any sort, but I'm an advertising guy and have spent a lot of time in production, working on shooting and editing ads, etc. One thing I've learned is that even with the best equipment, great crew and solid budget, there are ALWAYS limits. Whether you're working with a $100,000 camera or the Sony Bloggie 3D, you have to deal with certain parameters. You have to problem solve, use your imagination and learn to see ANY piece of equipment "for what it is." The bottom line, for me, is that this thing cost me just $250, and I love it! So, as a lifelong 3D fan, I'm going to give it an "A" for Amazing. For what it is, of course.