Over the past 35 years I've had many cameras, including two Canon TXs and one AE, among several brands - most of them SLR 35mm.Never had a malfunction with any of them.  Nor with my first digital camera, an HP 315 Photosmart, which I purchased in 2001.  But Canon! - Do they know about this Powershot SX120IS?  I cannot believe the price being asked for here on Amazon.  I spent $120.00 on my Canon Powershot SX120IS in Fall of 2010.  The price was in line with both this model and others of like features on display at the Staples, Office Depot and Best Buy stores in my area.When the time came to read about the 'enclosed' CD I noticed it missing from the box. I called Canon and they told me (this was in 2010, folks) that they no longer supported this camera. So I still don't have the CD for a camera which is still selling so well Canon doesn't have to provide the camera's necessary contents.This Canon produced very few images (more about that later). None had even decent resolution.  A few are putrid. Some cannot be identified. The Zoom feature makes one shift toward and away from the subject, thus making this 'adjustment' anything but automatic.  The results are just what you can expect from a photographer trying to frame a shot while dancing.To get the exact idea as to what you can expect, see the manual page "Pressing the Shutter Button". Forget doing group shots.And forget about those pix of the kids when they're little, or your folks at their 50th wedding anniversary, or of any occasion where people tend to move.  Because unless everyone stands perfectly still while they wait for the shutter sound, which actually varies(!), Canon promises blurred images and lack of focus.  Oh, and no time release, of course, because one cannot know at what instant this little Canon decides to take the photo.  Good-bye spontaneity, says Canon.I hope no one goes through anything like my disaster: I had a 256 card in the slot.  When it read 'full', I went to download the images. Although I hadn't used it very often, I knew I'd taken hundreds of photos in the past year or more.However - the entire number of shots downloaded from its full-up 256 card was .... 16.  Yes.  The rest are gone forever.  And many of the people on those images are now gone forever themselves.  Thanks, Canon.I was impressed that it contained a video camera, but I found the jumble of instructions in the manual more trouble than it was usually worth. On vacation last year the flash just suddenly stopped working for the first time. When I got home it worked again, but since then it only works intermittently; I absolutely cannot depend on it.  As for the video footage...remember where I said everybody must stand still to avoid loss of focus?  Just like dancing while fiddling with the Zoom and the warnings about the hazards of "Pressing the Shutter Button".There is a definite asset with this camera:  It really feels good in the hands.  The optics are exquisite, but to what end?  They are nothing but a waste of fine lens-making for this item, combined as they are with the dysfunctional electronics.This Camera has turned into a nightmare, considering the results I obtained from it.  I'd gladly trade an old Polaroid for this.