First of all, a confession...I am not "Joe-digital camera."  I don't get involved in discussions about how many mega-pixels a camera has, etc., but I know that I am sold on the Sony Mavica line in general, and on this camera in particular...here's my story...When my department found enough funds to purchase a digital camera I campaigned for a SONY Mavica. I had used one briefly, with nothing but success.  What a camera, easy to use, and good results, too!  We went the rounds about pixels, and the rest...but in the end the point that tipped the scales was that this camera has an option that other makers simply didn't offer, the ability to use standard 3.5" floppies.The 3.5" floppy option is perfect for us.  The camera is used by multiple people (including students), who work at their own computers.  That means that we could avoid having to track down the patch cords for downloading, hassles associated with multiple station use of software, and etc.  Whew!The camera has a 14x zoom capability that makes it easier to use the entire frame.  You can take photos at different resolutions, depending on the use and the number of images you want to put on each disc.  In addition to still images, this camera lets you make MPEG files.  They're fun, and they can be useful.As for ease of use...I was taking pictures in less than 5 minutes after I picked up this camera for the first time -- and this is the first digital camera I ever used!  When you take photos you have the option of using a viewfinder or a small LCD screen to frame your photo.  As a long-time 35mm SLR camera fan I the eyepiece a comforting option.  After a while I suppose I could get used to the LCD screen...it's a reasonable size, and in color.The camera's menu system is easy to use, you can even delete unwanted photos immediately.Be prepared for a camera that's a bit bigger than most digital cameras out there.  This camera is comparable in size and weight to many changeable lens 35mm cameras systems.  On the plus side, the design is ergonomic.  It feels good in your hand.  The grips are well designed, there is someplace for your hands and fingers to go.  I like that.Our department bought this camera at full price.  At the currently discounted price I'm toying with the idea of getting one of these for myself...but I better talk to the wife about that (hint -- that's always a good plan).To sum up, this is a great camera.  It's convenient, easy to use, and a great deal to boot! What more could anyone ask?  And this is a lot of camera for the money!  If you take a lot of photos, the money you save in developing will eventually pay for the camera!P.S.  I wonder how long it will be before my 35mm SLR is a collector's item?  Probably not too long with cameras like this one around.Happy snapping!Alan Holyoak, Department of Biology, Manchester College