I have been a Canon fan for years. I have an elph and Rebel XTi, as well as a Canon Video camera... I am a Canon fan. I wanted a new camera so I naturally went towards the Canon SX200IS. I did lots of reading and found out that in the Super Zoom class, you have Panasonic and Canon for the most part. Great... now I just have to decide on which camera. Panasonic has better overall reviews, but the Canon certainly is not bad and it has full manual control... Done. I bought the Canon SX200IS.I received from Amazon just in time for our annual Tulip Festival. Lots of pictures and video to be taken. I'll start by saying the pictures were great from this camera. I wish you could zoom while taking video, but it wasn't bad. The flash popping up wasn't bad either. It only got in the way during the first few 'shoots'.The bad... the interface. I did not like the interface. It was too hard to choose scenes. Some scenes are easy to get too, and some not. The auto mode did not do as well as I wanted. My wife took it to a Red Wings Hockey game and she turned it off easy mode.Finally, after a few days I noticed I would turn the camera off and the pop up flash would stay up. Not good as the camera is small enough to out in your pocket. I easily saw myself turning off and popping the camera in my pocket without looking... there goes the flash! I didn't, but if I wasn't paying attention, I may have. I also thought that I would never use the manual controls with all of the scenes on the camera.I then went to Amazon and ordered the Panasonic ZS3. I got it and within 5 days I returned the Canon. The form factor is much nicer. Both camera are about the same size, but the ZS3 seems smaller. I don't know what Panasonic did, but the camera just 'felt' better in my hands.The interface... Panasonic did there homework! Quick menu and easy access to all scenes. Separate button to take video. Nice! Love the interface. Within a couple clicks you can choose size, ISO, max film speed, auto white balance and more. Or you can leave it in automatic and let the camera decide. Most of the time, the camera will make the right choice. The ZS3 made better choices than the SX200is most of the time. The automatic mode seemed to be more intelligent than Canon's. I am not going to miss the full manual control.Photos are as good as the Canon in my opinion.Live histogram.High speed burst... it get's about 10 frames a second when you shoot 3 megapixel photos.Video... can zoom while shooting. Not needed, but when you have it... nice! Shoots in AVCHD Lite. Mac OS X and iMovie 09 supports this now.The Panasonic ZS3 is a nice camera. Highly recommended. Pricey, but nice.