The MVC-CD400 is a new model of Sony's established mini-CD burning cameras, along with the MVC-CD250, replacing the CD200 and CD300 models. So why would Sony need to upgrade anything you ask? I was actually asking myself the same thing at first. I was getting ready to drop down the money for a CD300 model when I heard a new design was coming out, so I started doing some research. I found that Sony has done a nice job of directly addressing many of the failings of the CD300/CD200 units, and added some especially nice touches to boot! The most noticeable change up front is that the built-in flash unit has moved from the upper left side of the unit to right over the barrel. This helps with avoiding shadow effects when taking up-close shots. Additionally, they have addressed the single most commented-upon flaw of the 200/300 series: Viewing the LCD screen in bright sunlit conditions. They have added a clear 'strip' along the top of the LCD panel that allows ambient light to help back-light the LCD screen, and the results are frankly good, making the LCD significant more usable in all lighting conditions without having to buy the 'viewfinder attachment' that Sony sells for the Mavica CD model cameras. The third significant change is the addition of a standard flash adapter, allowing one to use external flash units with this camera for better lighting when needed. It is important to note - apparently it is critical to make sure you use a normal low voltage external flash instead of a studio-quality high-voltage unit, as this may damage the camera!Like it's previous generation brothers, the CD400 includes a Carl Zeiss Vario-Sonnar lens for high quality (professional?) photography without the distortions you may sometimes find in the 'corners' of shots taken through some lower quality digital cameras. It also upgrades the CCD from 3.3 megapixels to 4.0 or so, which means even more detail can be captured for folks who are interested in capturing everything possible. The other unique addition is Sony's Hologram AF system, which uses a laser emitting diode to put a crosshatch pattern on your target prior to snapping the shot, letting the autofocus get better accuracy when dealing with situations that sometimes confuse traditional autofocus routines. Sony's batteries also are decent, giving a typical user 2+ hours of uninterrupted shooting before needing replacement, and then recharging in ~45 minutes. And of course the mail selling feature for most folks, myself included - the photos are saved on mini-CDs, rather than one of the various memory stick/card units. Mini-CDs are dirt cheap per MB compared to memory sticks, and typically store ~150-200MB worth of photos, depending on make. Sony of course recommends you use only their branded disks, but many folks are reporting no problems using other manufactured brands. Depending on CD used, this translates into ~10 photos at the absolute maximum resolution (2272x1704 in TIFF format) and quality through ~1300+ photos at 640x480 at standard quality (JPG).As an added feature, you can record movies with audio with the camera also, though the image and sound quality are not comparable with a digital video camera so if video is your passion, go look for a video camera, not a digital still camera. Otherwise, this is a nice little bonus. I had resisted the urge to purchase a digital camera for a long time, waiting both for the photo quality to start approaching that which could be found with 35mm cameras, and for the means to get the pictures into a usable format on the PC to become cheaper or easier. Mini-CDs work in nearly all modern CD drives on computers, and I have not run across one yet that failed to work, though I admittedly tend to have relatively modern equipment at home and work. (Nothing older than ~3 years old at least in terms of CD drives.) The MVC-CD400 is an answer to every criticism I've had about digital cameras for the last few years. I'm enjoying mine greatly!