Nikon is a very good brand forr all you people who knows that. there lens are pretty big compared as to the others. i got no problem whats so ever on this camera and it works like a charm. the 16 megabite secure digital memory card can hold up to 8 pictures in very good quality and resolution, low quality is double the amount.you can buy a more reliable secure digital memory card in here that is 512 megabite storage. brand name scandisk and is around 50 dollars, not that bad.Some technical features of this camera from the website is:Superior image qualityThe COOLPIX 3700, with its precision 3x optical Zoom-Nikkor lens and 3.2 megapixel resolution delivers superior optical performance and photo-quality (2,048 x 1,536-pixel) images packed with natural looking colour and sharp detail. The new COOLPIX camera utilises Nikon technologies and imaging expertise to ensure faithful colour reproduction, sharp contrast and clarity in virtually all shooting conditions. Excellence in image quality is ensured thanks to the high-precision 256-segment Matrix exposure metering and TTL- controlled Auto White Balance.Stylish, sleek-compact designLightweight and pocket-sized, the COOLPIX 3700 is designed to be easy to carry, durable and attractive. Encased in a slim compact body with a brushed aluminium finish, the camera measures approximately (W x H x D) 95.5 x 50.0 x 31.0mm (3.76 x 1.97 x 1.22 in) and weighs just 130g (4.6oz) without battery and SD memory card.Easy to operate, fun to useAs with all cameras in the COOLPIX series, the COOLPIX 3700 aims to make digital photography simpler for the novice and to offer potential for the advanced user to experiment and develop their skills and capabilities.  * Simple operation: The controls on the COOLPIX 3700 have been kept to a minimum and are logically arranged for easy, speedy handling. The camera also powers up instantly and features a fast shutter response.  * 15 Scene Modes: The COOLPIX 3700 is equipped with 15 Scene Modes, including Portrait, Party/Indoor, Sunset, Museum, Fireworks Show and Panorama Assist, which optimise the camera settings for a wide range of subjects, backgrounds and lighting conditions.  * Continuous Shooting: The fast-acting shutter is also capable of shooting at 2.5 (H) or 1.5 (L) frames per second, or the new Multi-shot mode for capturing 16 consecutive frames in a single image.  * Macro Function: In Macro Mode, the COOLPIX 3700 delivers sharply focused images of subjects from as close as 4cm (1.6in).  s  * TV Movie Mode: The COOLPIX 3700 offers eight Movie Modes, including a new TV Movie Mode with streaming technology that enables the production of TV-size (640 x 480-pixel) movies complete with sound.Ready to Use - All in One PackageThe COOLPIX 3700 standard package includes a high power rechargeable Li-ion battery, batter charger, 16MB SD memory card, Nikon View and Adobe Photoshop Elements software and a protective soft camera pouch.  *  3.2 effective megapixels  * 3x optical Zoom-Nikkor lens (equivalent to 35mm - 105mm in 35mm [135] format)  * Compact, slim and lightweight aluminium body offers outstanding portability at approximately (W x H x D) 95.5 x 50.0 x 31.0mm (3.76 x 1.97 x 1.22 in) and 130g (4.6oz) without battery and SD memory card  * Stylish and sophisticated design looks good everywhere it goes, and feels good every time it is handled  * Nikon's advanced image-processing algorithm assures faithful, vivid colors, sharp contrasts and image clarity  * Macro Function for sharply focused close-ups from a distance of 4cm (1.6 in)  * 15 Scene Modes to ensure beautiful compositions for every subject, every time  * Eight Movie Modes include Time-lapse Movie Mode and new TV Movie Mode for filming with true TV resolution (640 x 480 pixels) at 30fps, complete with sound. Streaming technology makes storage of lengthy clips possible on the SD memory card.  * New voice recording function records up to 5 hours of sound on a 256MB or larger SD memory card, and up to 20-second voice memos for each still image. Recorded sounds can be played back using the camera's built-in speaker.  * Multi-area focus with a choice of 5 focus areas  * High-precision 256-segment Matrix exposure metering  * Accurate automatic white balance with TTL control  * Continuous shooting at 2.5 fps (H) or 1.5 fps (L)  * Interval Timer Shooting takes a series of successive still images at preset intervals  * Fast power-up readies the camera for action as soon as it is turned on  * Easy-to-use controls include a high-definition 1.5-in 134,000-pixel TFT LCD monitor and a handy Mode Dial  * New "Sound release" that adds convenience and versatility to the self-timer mode by snapping the shutter in response to a remote sound command from the user.  * High-speed noise reduction automatically ensures higher picture quality at shutter speeds of 1/4 second or slower  * Date imprint adds the date to images in a range of formats  * Direct printing from the camera to PictBridge compatible printers and Epson USB Direct-Print printers  * Customizable Settings include a new World Time Setting, 3 different shutter sounds, and menu support in 10 languages  * Nikon View Software is a highly versatile application for easy image transfer to computer, editing, e-mailing and printing. Removes red-eye effect at the touch of a button.  * Compatible with new CP1 disposable lithium battery with life of approx. 250 shots (TBD)  * Included accessories: hand Strap, 16MB SD Memory Card, Rechargeable Li-ion battery EN-EL5, Battery Charger MH-61, USB Cable, AV Cable, Nikon View CD-ROM, Photoshop Elements, Eyecup and Camera Pouch.