If you are on a very very tight budget (air ticket took the most part of my budget already) and don't want to pay anything over $100, this is the camera for this price.  Below is my feedback after taking a couple of hundred pictures in a trip to Hong Kong.Pros:-low price-pictures are of good quality (12mega) and over 95% of them were in good focus and clear.  I printed about 150 pics (including Disney World in HK) on photo paper thru PhotoMax in Hong Kong for Mom in law and they came out very well.  They look good on computer too.-took about 10 video clips.  They all worked well on computer when replaying (the camera does not have HD format support yet in its video).-use AA batteries (I know some people do not like this as it makes the camera a little bigger - anyway just a little bigger only and OK with me) but I like it because if the battery runs out by accident and I have no replacement handy, I can purchase anywhere easily.  BTW, I had 4 rechargeable AA batteries and this camera took 2 at a time and so most of the time I did not run into the need to buy new battery.  You can take a lot of pics with just 2 batteries.  The only one time we had to purchase new batteries was because we forgot to bring the other 2 batteries out and the ones in use ran out.  This is much better than when a camera is using other type of batteries and you forgot to bring them out and you won't be able to use your camera in that case at all.-flash is OKCons:-the mode that has face detection just does not work.  If you use that mode, the pictures you got would be extremely extremely disappointing and that's why some other reviews here said that the pictures from this camera were very poor and this was because they probably have selected that mode.  If you stay away from using that and select other mode, the picture would come out just fine.  With that said, you are not really getting all the features that you pay for here.  Even this camera is cheap, the price per each working function may be more expensive than the others.  But too bad, I cannot spend more than $100 for a camera in my budget and so I have to stick with it (still better than not being able to get a camera at all).-the sports mode is only 1/250th second and its much slower than most of other camera (1/1000th second).So if you cannot afford more than $100 like me and you only care about taking reasonable good pictures easily (no sports - sports mode is slow), this may be the right camera for you.  If you can spend more than $100, you should check out something else and you can get better sports mode and higher zoom power, etc.Hope this helps.