After reading all the reviews (thanks to Amazon for this feature)  on the 7D and the 5D I struggled for months with a decision to upgrade my 40D.  Loved my 40D but I wanted higher ISO and faster FPS. Do I go with the 7D? 5D? or stay where I am?  People seem to love the 5D but I really wanted the higher burst rate. Was the 7D really worth saving the $$ versus the 5D? Was it worth the spending the $$ over my 40D?After sending my 40D in for service I called Canon Service and spoke to a technician about my 40D and in passing asked him about the 7D vs. 5D vs. 40D.  He was extremely helpful and asked a lot of questions about what type of photos I took (sports - hockey, family stills, vacation) and what lenses I used (70-200 2.8 IS L & 20-70m 2.8 L) and suggested the 7D due to the burst rate and other features (ISO, etc.). Saw a pro photographer at a concert using a 7D and a 5D and he gave the thumbs up on the 7D and the burst rate. Those two conversations made my decision. I bought it for my vacation.Got the 7D and all I can say is WOW!  Can't believe I waited or struggled with the decision. Great detail and color. Was very easy to learn - very similar to the 40D.  Love the ability to get JPEG & RAW at the same time.  The burst rate is awesome. Worried about catching people with their eyes closed? No problem when you have 6+ FPS burst rate.  The pictures are AMAZING - what clarity.  There is a difference between RAW output and JPEG - obviously raw is much better - but getting raw & JPEGs (I always shot in raw and had to convert) are the best of both worlds - great for the quick and instant viewing on any computer and still have the RAW for post processing.  Yep, you need a lot of memory on your CF card but that's no surprise. I'm getting 400+ pictures on a 16GB card using RAW and extra fine JPEG. Was worried about the autofocus issues some people wrote about but I have had no issues.  The autofocus is way faster than the 40D and different in a good way.  High ISO is great.  Took pictures in near dark at 1600+ ISO and the graininess is not noticeable to me until past 2K.  The 3 inch display is awesome as well - really helps. Battery life?  Haven't had an issue but bought another one for back-up purposes. I was a bit ticked at having to buy another baterry at $80 since I already have two with my 40D and it seems like a waste - but I'm sure there's a reason. Right Canon?  You probably want to get at least a 16 GB card with 60 MB/s.  I've used my old 4GB and 8GB without issues but it nice to have the extra space and speed to shoot JPEG and RAW at a high FPS.Haven't tried HD Video but I didn't buy it for that reason.All in all, I couldn't be happier with the 7D.  I know it's not a full frame (I'm not sure I miss the difference) but I'm happy for now - until Canon comes out with a 5D with a better burst rate and some other great features - then I'll probably start the process all over.  But for now - very happy with the camera and my investment. I've taken about 1,000 pictures so far and am constantly amazed at how life like they are - a noticable improvement in Image Quality versus the 40D.Saved the $1K versus the 5D and very thankful to the Canon tech.  Probably buy another lens. I'm sure some of the early adoptors of the 7D had some issues but I have none to report.So if you're struggling with the decision like I did, I hope this review helps - I'm a big fan of the 7D. Can't wait for my son's hockey season. Thanks to Canon for another great product! Bought on Amazon because of past experiences and they use reputable dealers.