I bought this camera new. Amazon was awesome as always. I have used many Canon cameras (I own an A60, A75, A400, A510, A540, and an A580). I have taken and printed many pictures from all of these cameras. I have always liked the feel of Canon's cameras, because they feel substantial and comfortable.  The first thing I noticed about this camera is how out-of-balance it felt. The grip area was too thin, and it always felt like it was going to slip out of my hands. The large LCD is nice, but would benefit hugely from some kind of hood, or the choice of an optical viewfinder. The LCD is very hard to see in bright sunlight.  The controls of this camera felt well laid out to me. I liked the wheel for scrolling through adjustments or reviewing pictures. Again, they would have felt that much better had the grip been more substantial.  The zoom is magnificent. Control of the speed of it seems well balanced and smooth. I like the automatic lens cover.  Battery life was very good. I was able to take over 200 photographs, some with flash, on one set of batteries with time to spare. I used 2400 mAh NIMH batteries.  I bought this camera in April 2011. I sold it in June. After taking almost 400 photographs with it, I can say without hesitation that I did not like the quality of the photos it produced. This is funny, because most of the professional reviews I read of this camera stated that photo quality was the main redeeming characteristic of this camera. I found it to be most inaccurate while in the "Auto" mode. White balance was almost never right, colors appeared under-saturated, and the photos always seemed to be over- or under-exposed. Again, this is with the selector in "Auto" mode. I actually got my best photographs in full manual mode. Even in Aperture-Priority mode, my favorite mode when I want to be more creative, the camera seemed hard to predict. The results were most predictable in manual. I spent most of our vacation taking pictures in manual mode so I could get some decent prints! These traits I find unacceptable.  I have snapped gorgeous off-the-cuff photos with my wife's A580 in Auto mode. To me, this is the way "Auto" mode should be. I shouldn't have to hope the white balance is correct, or that the camera will choose the best shutter speed and aperture.  My A510, which is a 3.2 megapixel camera, takes beautiful pictures that yield nice 8 X 10 prints. I like the 510's pictures better than the SX120 IS pictures. What gives, Canon?  As a result of these findings, I sold this camera and bought an older Canon Powershot S3 IS 6 megapixel camera, one of Canon's older "Pro" cameras. I can say without hesitation that the S3 photos are heads and tails above the SX120. The S3 also feels like a well-made professional piece of gear in my hand, with good balance and a good grip. When I want serious photographic power, this six-year-old, comparitively low-resolution camera is the camera I will be taking with me.  In conclusion, I have to say that I no longer believe in megapixels or that newer is better.  I feel like Canon has dropped the ball with this unit. It has a lot of features and a high-resolution sensor, but if the picture quality isn't there, who cares? I'd rather have an older model with a better feel and better quality prints than the latest and greatest with lousy prints. I'm happier with Canon's older units. Perhaps, when the time comes, it may be necessary to give loyalty to another brand.