I anticipated the release and ordered the TX100v to upgrade from the TX7. I mainly use these cameras for videography projects so I will be focusing this review on the HD video. The TX100v has slightly better video quality and better white balance than the TX7. The TX100v image stabilization is not so good and constantly changes focus causing the subjects to appear a little blurry in situations where you have to constantly move the camera to follow your subject. The image stabilization on the TX7 is much better and doesn't constantly go out of focus. The TX100v has slightly better low light performance. The TX100v doesn't wash out the subjects in bright sunlight and handles back light situations well. The TX7 washes out certain subjects in bright sunlight and handles the back light well in some situations and not so well in others but still ok. The TX100v takes a few seconds to start up from the time you turn on the camera and takes a few seconds for the video to start recording after touching the record icon. The TX7 takes 1 second to turn on and video recording starts instantly when the shutter is pressed or when the record icon is touched. You can only start recording by touching the record icon on the TX100v and stop recording by touching the record icon again or by closing the cover. On the TX7 you can start recording by pressing the shutter and touching the record icon and stop recording by pressing the shutter, touching the record icon again or by closing the cover. The TX100v zooms slightly slower than the TX7. Both cameras can record continuously for up to 29 minutes but splits the video files if it exceeds 2gb. The TX100v has better audio quality since is has a Dolby stereo microphone. The TX7 has a simple stereo mic which is not bad but doesn't handle loud noise well at concerts. The touch screen on the TX100v can be bit unresponsive at times causing you to touch the icon a few times before it actually responds. The TX7's touch screen is very responsive. Both cameras use the same NP-BN1 battery and the battery life (45-50 minutes)is about the same in both cameras when fully charged. The TX7 includes a wall charger but takes about 4 hours to fully charge the battery. The TX100v includes an USB charger for in camera charging and fully charges an hour faster. You can find a used or refurbished Sony charger on Amazon for around $10-20 bucks that fully charges the battery in 2 hours and 25 minutes. The still picture quality and scene setting features are better on the TX100v. The TX100v a good choice if it's your first Cyber-shot for casual use. If you already own the TX7 or TX9 then it's not worth the upgrade. I decided to stick with the TX7 and returned the TX100v. Hopefully the next gen is worth the upgrade.Update 8/30/2013I ended up buying it again a few months later because it has the best video quality out of the cyber-shot TX series to date. The picture and video quality is better the the TX200v which is supposed to be an updated model to the TX100v.