This camera is perfect for me. I've had it for a month or so now, so I can't attest to its durability yet, but I have used it a LOT already. I took it with me on a spring break trip and found that it is small enough for my pocket, easy to use, and takes great pictures. It has a good strong flash, and I really noticed this while I was taking pictures for someone else with their camera in a dark room. I really like how quickly it turns on - other people missed picture moments waiting for their cameras to start up, but this one was fast enough 90% of the time. I like how quickly the camera is ready to take another picture - under one second (when the battery is low, it seems to take longer). The image does appear grainy on the screen, but it looks great once you get it on the computer. Several people commented on the large size of the viewing screen. I liked the waterproof buttons - I did wind up working in wet, muddy areas, and this camera was fine. I took almost 250 pictures over break, and I have to do very little editing on them - resize, sometimes crop, and it's ready to go. I got great pictures of a beaver dam a long way off; the zoom served me well and it came out very clear when I cropped and resized it. I have wonderful pictures from this trip - indoors, outdoors, dark rooms, bright areas, people, animals, nature, architecture, gardens, action, still... I'm in love with this little camera!I went through both of my batteries (buy a spare, they're handy) and had to recharge one during the five-day trip, but that's probably because I spent at least a third of every day with it in my hand.Three things I noticed:1. It won't turn on while it's plugged into the computer to upload unless the original battery is in. When I use the extra one that I bought separately, it won't upload. Maybe this is an issue with the particular battery I received or the type of battery I bought (GT Max Battery Pack for FUNP-45 3.6V Li-ion), but it could definitely be an issue with the camera. But considering how great of a camera this is all around, I don't mind too much.2. If you're not careful, you will bump the lens cover (which doubles as an on-off switch) and turn the camera off while you're viewing your pictures. When you've just sorted through 100+ photos to find that one image and you accidentally turn it off, that's a pain! Again, not a big issue - I figured out finally that by pressing and holding the arrow buttons, you can move through the pictures much faster.3. The video function is a little difficult to figure out... Or maybe that's just me.I highly recommend this camera to someone like me, who takes pictures only for fun, wants fairly high-quality images, and has a budget of under $100. I don't recommend it to someone who wants really first-class pictures, like an art/photography student - this is not for artists, it's for very casual hobbyists and amateurs, like me.