I purchased this camera last month specifically to take on a 2 week vacation in Europe.  I wanted a light weight digital that I could easily lug around London and Paris instead of a heavy SLR.  I took nearly 1000 images over those two weeks in bright sun, at the 'magic hour', in museums, in dimly lit cathedrals, from moving buses, at night, free holding the camera and on a monopod, and in most other conditions.The camera performed very nicely and the image quality is excellent.  I purchased this camera because it has a Manual operation mode: you use a little wheel at the back of the camera to adjust the Shutter speed, and F-stop.  The LCD display (there is no optical view finder) displays the lightness and darkness of the image as you adjust the settings.  Overall this operation was easier than on my old Canon Rebel XT SLR.  Post shot the image also displays the ever useful brightness histogram and 'blinkies' for over-exposed areas.  The camera also has a built in image stablization system that kicks in when the shutter speeed is too slow.Pros: Excellent images quality, good color and contrast, lots of megapixels to work with.  I got great pictures in good light and it worked well in low light with the ISO pushed to 400 or 800.  The image stablization worked well enough for me to get some decent shots of the Eiffel Tower at night from a tour boat, which I didn't expect.  It has a long zoom range and the image quality at max zoom is decent. The camera is lightweight and easily fits in a coat pocket.  Controls are all easy to reach even with my big hands.  The delayed timer is easy to set.  Image playback is good and the LCD is big.Cons: The camera would chew up a pair of rechargeable NiMH AA batteries in about 50 shots.  I never did figure out how to turn off the LCD between pictures without turning off the whole camera; it does power off itself after 60 seconds.  Charging the built in flash is pretty slow.  Two pair (4) of rechargeable batteries normally got me through the day but I always had a set of Lithium AA as a backup.  And if you put on a tripod adapter plate, it will probably cover the battery compartment meaning you have to take that off to change the battery. The camera has lots of other functions but there is no detailed paper manual in the box - only a small one to cover the basics and a CD with hundreds of more pages.  So there are still a lot of features that I haven't figured out, like how to manually activate/deactivate the image stabilization.  The max F-stop seems to be F8.0 and min shutter speed is 1/2000 of second.  Of course there is nowhere near as much optical glass as an SLR and no optical view finder.Overall: The camera won't replace my SLR but it will definitely be a great supplement for the times I don't want to carry the extra weight.  It puts a 10 megapixel camera with good optics and lots of manual control in the palm of your hand.  Which is exactly what I wanted and needed.