Okay ----- many people have criticized me for buying a $1,400 digital camera, that is almost 2 years old and has only 5 megapixelsthey were wrong to criticizeI ordered the camera about a week ago (early August, 2005) and just received it today ---- I have spent all day shooting with it, and I am deeply happy that I purchased itso let's go over pros and cons, etc -1. The Director in Us ---- Personally, I'm a filmmaker --- I'm not crazy about cinematography, and for me, I know enough about cameras to take it seriously, but at the end of the day, I see it as a personal hobby ------ this is OUR kind of camera ------ no interchangable lenses to deal with and complete manuel controls2. Lense ----- the lense is terrific, and Leica glass is awesome ---- I'm having a good time looking at all the pics I took over my iPhoto, and there a clear difference between my Nikon/Sony pics versus the Leica ----- however, as mentioned, the lense is NOT changable ------ for me, I like this because I'm not interested in carrying 5 lenses to a bunch of locations ------ but for true photographers, this is a problem - so keep that in mind3. RINGS!!!!!!! ----- Rings for ZOOM, Aperture, and FOCUS ---- I'm in hog heaven!!! There is nothing on this camera that isn't controlled manually, whether it be the rings, the shutter speed, or anything else ----- that is the best part!!!! With the exception of White Balance, I think everything is contolled by either a switch or a ring - which is neat!4. On Board Light Meter ------ the light meter here is adjustable and very accurate ---- I depended on it whenever I set the aperture, and was very pleased with the results ---- in addition, if you hate the pic, you can always erase it5. Stability ---- I shot all day in 4 fps and 2 fps shutter speed modes, and impressively, the camera never showed any blurred lines, provided that I held it still (however, I didn't have to stand like a statue)6. CloseUps ----- closeups were great ----- the focus could probably focus anything in front of me, probably anything that is farther than six inches or more7. BURST shooting ---- you can set the camera to shoot in bursts of 3 or 5 ---- this is a fun mode and works well with the camera8. FLASH ---- I can't stand digital cameras with flashes that are way too strong ---- the flash on this is simple, quick, and not very strong ---- but good enough to produce great imaging9. COMPRESSION ---- I took most of my pics in the LOWEST compression of JPEG, and they are beautiful -- most of them are less than one megabyte in size and very nice looking ---- in comparison, the high compression pics do look better, but there isn't much differenceAre there cons? For some, one lense is a con, but not for me ------- I shot all my pics in JPEG (my fav format) but I hear that the RAW can be slow ---- when shooting in JPEG, the camera was very fast to write each pic and move onDon't let the 5 megapixel thing scare you ----- the pictures are gorgeous!I even tried the latest Rebel by Canon today, and I'm just glad that I picked the LeicaDid I also mention that this camera just looks COOL too???I'm just having too much fun with all of the manual settings at my disposalHighly recommended for the Liebowitz in all of us!