I bought this camera for my daughter for Christmas.  The price was right and I'm sure it will be fine for what she will use it for.  I personally would not want to have this camera for the following reasons.  LCD monitor has horrible color recreation indoors.  If you have any florescent bulbs in your house (more and more people do), the green tinting of the objects on the monitor screen is terrible, especially lighter colors (white objects are green), it is better when only incandescent lighting is used but still noticeable.  The good news is that the auto white balance setting of the camera does do a good job in rendering the colors in the images themselves quite well.  Interesting enough, using the florescent or incandescent white balance settings of the camera for either condition produced very poor images (flash mode didn't help either). The colors are fine in the monitor when viewing the images in playback mode, it's just when taking them is there is a problem.  In addition, I'm not sure if it's the 3" LCD screen or not, but as mentioned by others, the battery life seemed bit short to me. While certainly you can buy an extra battery, that's just something else you have to carry around with your pocket camera.  A viewfinder with an option to turn the LCD off might be a nice addition to this camera. Also, as mentioned, the images themselves are somewhat grainy even at the lowest ISO setting and the highest image quality settings.  This is very noticeable as full image size, but not as bad when viewing fit to screen on your monitor.  There are also sometimes some shadowing around the edges.  Truthfully though, I find the image quality to be fairly decent for a camera at this price and not something the point and shoot user should probably be concerned about.  I have not printed any of the pictures and I would say at a 5 x 7 size the graininess would be even less of an issue.  Also, as mentioned on other posts, the on/off switch is very sensitive and several times I have accidentally turned the camera on while in it's case just by picking it up carefully.  Also, the AF assist which flashes short burst of light to assist in focusing in low light situations will blind your subjects and is quite annoying.  It can be turned off, but you then may have issues focusing.  Also, the camera is very slow indoors.  Not as bad outdoors when AF assist and flash aren't needed. I can't imagine how someone could catch somebody blowing out candles. On the plus side, the camera is very slim and light and can be carried around quite easily. Again, the images are probably fine for the casual user.  I found the controls easy to manipulate, even for my fat thumbs (that was a concern of mine given the small size of the controls).  The menu system is fine, although backing out of mode screens is not as intuitive as I would hope, I'm sure that won't be an issue with a little practice. I have a digital slr but would like to buy a point and shoot for myself.  It won't be this camera for the reasons I've just given.  I bought my other daughter a Sony Cybershot DSW55 for Christmas and plan on reviewing that once I have a chance to play with it, probably within the next week or two.  I'm also looking at the Canon SD1000.  A co worker just got one and is supposed to bring in some pictures.  He knows a little something about cameras and said he was very happy with the SD1000.  As an update 4 months later, my daughter says she is no longer having the green lcd screen issue I mentioned above which is good.  I have not yet written the review on the Sony DSW55 because I'm just now getting it out of my daughters hand's to play with.  I will say that I'm very happy with what I've seen so far with it.  Great pictures, great color, auto settings work wonderful, and the it's also very easy to use the menus and such. I would definitely recommend the DSW55, and it's without a doubt a much better camera then this Coolpix in every respect.