Bought one on sale at a big discount, and didn't expect much, but was pleasantly surprised at the photos it is capable of.  I've posted a number of unedited shots taken in the first few days, with little understanding of the settings, other than I turned the wheel to find what appeared to be an auto-focus mode that flashes and another one that doesn't.Indoor with lamp light and no flash produced some yellowish tinted shots, but colors looked natural when using the flash and/or plenty of overhead light.  The closer you can get with the flash, the better, but slightly darker shots can be easily brightened up a little with editing software like Photoscape.  (See notes below on Stabilization mode as a possible alternative to using flash.)  You may notice some barrel distortion at the widest angle - a bit of zoom should cure it.  12 MP is nice, in that you can magnify the photos a lot on your computer screen and they still look clear.Outdoor photos seemed pretty decent, in afternoon shadows or noon sun, with fairly accurate focus and colors.  Of course, the sunny shots are best, especially if you go beyond optical zoom into digital.  The video is SD (640x480), not fantastic, but should work okay in a pinch.  Maybe it's about as good as my old DXG-571V SD camcorder, other than the audio seems rather weak on the GE and low-light may not be as good.  (I have a better HD camcorder now, anyway, so the GE A1255 will be mainly for pictures.)  You only have access to digital zoom while filming, and that degrades the quality if you use much of it.  Better to set the optical zoom as desired before starting the video, and don't use the digital.My first cat pictures had no red-eye, but I did get some of this later with the dog.  In looking through the manual, it appears I may not have used the same flash mode for both, or perhaps the lighting conditions were different.  The in-camera red-eye correction available during the review process didn't seem to help much.  So, I tried again with the flash + red-eye correction mode on the dog.  This gave no red, yet there was some flash glare.  Next, I tried image stabilization with no flash, and this gave a surprisingly bright photo for a low light scene, but without the eye issues caused by a flash, and without the yellowing another non-flash setting gave.  Basically, I just need to keep experimenting to get the best quality from the camera under varying situations.Using Tenergy Centura AA Low Self-Discharge (LSD) NiMH Rechargeable Batteries, 1 Card 4xAA, I got less than 100 shots on the first try, but most of those were using flash and a slow SD card.  The batteries may have also drained some while connected by USB to my computer, doing file transfers - it's likely preferable to just pull the SD card out and plug it directly into the computer's card reader.In another test on fresh batteries, with a faster Class 4 memory card, I snapped about 30 photos and then pointed the camera toward a TV and began filming.  34:23 later, the battery indicator was down by less than 1/3 and my 4GB card was full.  After briefly checking the video, I deleted it and started another, only changing the lighting a bit and running some sound tests.  (The mic did pick up my acoustic guitar from two feet away and also musicians on TV when turned up loud, but not too impressively, and there was some mild hiss or static if you listened closely.  Maybe at a concert that seems way too loud, it would come out about right, though I'll likely never try it out for that.)  I noticed the battery indicator had jumped back to near the full charge status for the 2nd clip.  35 more minutes and the card was full again, with maybe 80 percent battery life supposedly still left.  Round 3 - 34:18 and the indicator shows not much charge left.  Waited awhile before the expected final clip, and the charge started out reading 2/3 full, but dropped quickly after filming started.  12:38 later and the batteries were finally dead.  So, overall the camera got almost two hours of not so demanding video, plus a few photos, using the Tenergy AAs.  Just get a 16GB card if you plan to film a lot.