Think of this as a simple to install "basic home system" and not a bet your life on it protect a jewelery store type system.  It's more for casual home use to monitor your driveway, watch the dogs and things like that.Disclaimer, this is how my experience was and is, yours may be different.Your "reason" for getting this is what is important.  This works well for some uses but not as well for others.  I would also not put this in a remote location where you don't go every few days or atleast are able to remote access (RDMPlus, LogMeIn, etc...) the computer if needed. (see below)For recording when your out or monitoring things when your there, it will "record" 10 out of 10 and the motion detection can really be tweaked making it work well after some adjustment.  The video quality is nice and you can tell what your looking at fine but your not going to be able to read license plates.  No problems always seems to work.For email alerts, it will "email" you 8/9 out of 10 so you will get most alerts.  The email has the time/date and gives you a picture or video clip and looks great.  Not a lot but every once in a while it will give you password or other errors for no reason after it was just working fine.  You need to restart the Command Center software. (reason for remote access or being able to get to the computer when needed)For online viewing, you can "view online" 7 out of 10 and when it works its nice but the problem is its hit or miss from my expereince.  I have to restart the software every few days to keep this working.  It still records and sends email alerts with pictures though so you can always check the recordings when you get home or with remote access.  (reason for remote access or being able to get to the computer when needed)  There are two different online viewing modes, direct and relay, if your computer supports direct you will get almost a live feed, if your computer does not support direct, then online viewing is delayed 2-3 minutes as it has to go thru Logitechs servers.Setup was very easy and only took minutes.  The thing that took longer was deciding where to put the camera(s) and adjusting all the settings.  Out of the box with no adjustments, the motion zone is full screen and anything and everything will set it off.  You will get email after email of nothing important until you adjust things.A few tips.  Its VERY important to clear the full screen zone that is the default and only select a smaller area that you really need.  Also to lower the movement sensitivity so you limit the number of false alarms.  Keep in mind shadows, tree branches, squirrels, birds, reflections off cars and so on can set off the motion detector so be selective and make the zones as small as possible to be useful.Another suggestion is to add a second monitor to a different location if you want.  For about $30 I bought a monitor splitter adapter and 50' extension cable and added a second monitor in my living room.  Now I don't have to go to the computer room every time I want to see something and can leave it on for live viewing as I am in the living room the most.Bottom line IMO.  This is really not a bad system for the low price.  I installed this Master System and 3 more cameras from Ebay for about the cost of the newer single camera Logitech Alert Master system and as long as you put it in a location you can reset it every now and then its fine.  I can easily have sent it back if I wanted but the only real problem is having to restart the software every now and then, I can live with that.