I ordered this when it was sold through Amazon at the end of '09.  I had originally been looking solely at Nikons, then spread my research to Canon.  One day I stumbled upon an ad for the Pentax K7.  I was familiar with the Pentax name, but knew nothing of their DSLRs.  Curious, I did my research.  Lots and lots of research.  It was overwhelming to sift through the many cameras out there and all of the tech. specs., which, at this point, I am not all familiar with.  I read many reviews and decided to order the K7 as a first DSLR for my college courses.  I'm very pleased that I happened to see an ad for it and went for the camera.It's been a great camera to learn on and get reaquainted with manual photography with (I had only used an old SLR prior to this.  So far, the image quality seems great (if the camera is set correctly (ISO)).  I've had quite a few learning experiences with this camera.  Now that I know more of what I'm doing, my photos are certainly turning out better and they print very well.I really enjoy the electronic level function and the many ways you can customize the settings on the camera.  I read some reviews about the menu settings being a bit archaic, but I think they suit the camera quite well.  Not having to scroll down through one or two large menus is really nice.One of the selling points on this camera for me was the weatherized body.  I've put it to the test, and it certainly has not let me down yet.  I've had this little bugger out in the snow, pretty much since I de-boxed it.  It's gone on quite a few adventures, accompanying me across wind-whipped lakes on the ice and even down a hill whilt tubing.  I may have also accidentally dropped my camera bag with the camera in it.  No damage!  (I have the Medium Size Ape Case Pro by Norazza, a great bag to go along with the camera and a lens or two).If I had to be incredibly picky about something, it would have to be the lens cap that came with the lens.  Try as I might, I can never seem to get it to actually lock on.  Sometimes it seems as if it is on, but then it will slip off.  It kind of makes me think it could scratch the lens, pretty much defeating the purpose of a cap.  Pretty insignificant, but hey, that just goes to show what a great DSLR this is.  I may end up tossing the cap all together and going for filter instead, but I'm not sure yet.All in all, I've really been pleased with my K7's performance.  I'm excited to go through photography classes with it, even if I am the only one with a Pentax.  As they say, be different!  Give Pentax a try, you will be pleased with the quality you get for the money you put into it.