I own a D70 and bought the 8800 for my wife.  Initially she was very resistant to use the camera because it can be somewhat intimidating what with all that extra text in the viewfinder and the buttons and modes.With time, she warmed up to the camera and now loves it.  The VR stabilized zoom is a critical plus feature with the VR making a noticable difference.The camera takes great pictures in Auto in a variety of situations and it does a pretty amazing job of figuring out what the exposure should be for some pretty hairy conditions.  (Ironically this seems to be even better than my D70, but this is only an impression, not a calibrated fact).  We have not tried to use some of the more advanced features of this camera, but "Movie Mode" works well.  I don't know why 640X480 60FPS mode has a 60 second limit though.  (It must have something to do with write buffering, because when you finish a 60 second clip, the camera goes busy for QUITE some time.)  The bottom line is that you can get a lot of great pictures with this camera just leaving it on "auto".There are two caveats about this camera that cause me to only give this four stars.  The first is that the camera is slow, particularly to focus.  In fact, this slowness is the real reason it took so long for my wife to get used to it.  By the time you have framed the shot of the kids and the camera goes through the full range of focus, the moment is gone.  By comparison with my D70 in rapid fire mode, I have turned the camera on, zoomed to size and taken a half dozen shots.  (One of those 6 pictures "worked" vs. zero with the 8800.)  Once you learn to manage the "half depression" for the take button, you can somewhat compensate, but it is not intuitive operation.The second caveat is not so much of an issue as it is something to be aware of.  For some evil reason only known to the cruel marketing folks at Nikon, they made an incompatible (with the D70 that is...) battery pack for this camera.  There is no "real" reason Nikon cannot use a common battery pack across several camera models, they just do not.  This is important because this unit goes through a charge at BREATHTAKING speed.  It is entirely possible to be outdoors in a nature environment and need to change the battery over the course of a single day.  If you buy this camera, be *sure* to also buy an additional battery (maybe even two) and if you go on vacation, be sure to remember to bring the charger and charge the battery(ies) fresh each night.  (A simple international plug adapter works fine as this is a broad range international charger.) Contrast this with my D70 which only required a recharge once a week (*and* I took three times more pictures...).  Whereas I wasted my money buying an extra battery for the D70 (a simple charge each day works fine), for the 8800 this extra battery is essential and if you do not buy one or forget to bring it along, I *guarantee* that you will run out of power.Other than these two caveats, it is a great unit.****Well, a third caveat which would cause me to drop the number of stars to two but I cannot as amazon won't let me.  We too have been victims of the Coolpix 8800 "lens error".  We sent it in for warranty repair, and they fixed it but sent it back with the page of the manual highlighted about how you are supposed to keep the lens barrel clean.Gee whiz, thanks for the tip, Nikon.P.S. Nikon: the lens barrel *was* clean...We went on vacation after the warranty service and yet again got the maddening lens error.  I discovered, by an act of sheer frustration and desperation, that to work around this you need to mechanically disturb the lens.  One reviewer mentioned that they grabbed the lens.  This strikes me as being a bad idea and you are likely to break something.  What worked for me was to turn the power on, and while the lens was extending, immediately activate the telephoto followed by wide angle, and cycle it back and forth.  This seemed to "clean" the already clean lens barrel.Based on the number of comments about this and based on the fact that when we encountered the problem any reasonable person would have concluded that the lens barrel *was* clean, I have to conclude that Nikon's expectation is that this camera was designed to be operated in a "class 1 clean room".However in the real world where you carefully protect it from the elements, it might miss-behave.Buyer, beware.