I've had the WiLife system for a few days now and I think it's a great introductory home surveillance system but it may not be for everyone. Before you purchase you should plan ahead and make an assessment of what your needs are. I think it is a good system for you if:1) you plan to use this as a supplement to a home alarm system2) you have a PC that meets the hardware and software specifications3) you don't mind leaving your PC on all the time4) you have good camera mounting options that are near plug-in power outlets5) you have access to a PC at work that you can use to remotely monitor your homeSome other things to consider:1) Since this system relies on a PC, if the PC happens to shut down such as for an automatic restart, security patch update, or brief power outage then you lose the ability to monitor the home until the PC boots back up. If this is a concern then you may be better suited looking into a dedicated DVR based system with battery backups.2) If you plan to mount the camera in a window then make sure that it's a window that isn't exposed to too much sunlight. My initial mounting location was in a window facing out over the front driveway. However that window was exposed to so much sunlight that at the end of the day the unit was really hot. The indoor camera is only rated up to 93F which might be why so many reviewers have had their cameras die within the first year of service. When you think about it a camera sandwiched between a glass window and some curtains might as well be out in the greenhouse in my opinion. So as a precaution I moved my camera to another window that wasn't exposed to as much heat. Hopefully this will extend its life.3) The focus range on the camera is really only sharp enough to get a clear and positive ID on someone if they are within 10 feet of the camera. I've tweaked and tweaked but that's about the best I can get out of it. If you plan to focus on something farther away you may need to consider purchasing the 50 degree lens to replace the standard 80 degree lens that is included with the camera.Now, for the good parts:1) The system is super easy to install . . .  no crawling through the attic required. As a first step I recommend downloading the latest version of the install software from the WiLife website when you order your system. The CD that came in my kit was Version 2.1 but the latest version is 2.5sp3. Once your camera master kit comes then you just need to run the setup program and follow the instructions in the online manual for configuring. It's all pretty easy and only takes about 45 minutes if you're like me and take your time doing this sort of thing. I have Windows XP service pack 3 and didn't run into any configuration issues.2) The command center is fun to use and provides most all the functionality I need. Despite what some people have said in their reviews, the motion alerts and web monitoring are both free with the master system. The motion detection will always triger the camera to record to the hard drive. If you wish to recieve an email notification that a motion detection occurred then you have to "arm" the notification alerts manually. Once you do this it will send you emails and/or text messages with an attachment every time a motion is detected. The trick is that you have to manually turn this function on from your home PC which isn't a big deal.  If you choose to pay for the Platinum service, then you gain the ability to schedule alerts to turn on/off automatically at certain times of the day and you also get a little more functionality with the software but I don't think I'll be paying $80 a year for those niceties. By the way, web monitoring is free also but you are limited to viewing one camera at a time and can only see what's happening live. With the platinum you can look back over past events remotely but I can wait till I get home to do that.3) The system has pretty decent low light capabilities especially when you help it out by turning on a porch light. So I'm thinking the IR add-on device may not be necessary for my application. One thing to point out is that I've discovered the frame rate automatically drops when the light conditions drop. During daylight my camera runs at 15 fps but at dark it drops down to 5 fps. There is some noise on the image in low lighting but it's not all that bad.In conclusion, I'm enjoying my WiLife system so far and can't wait to save up money to add some more cameras. The basic system is affordable, easy to install, and seems to do pretty much everything that I need. It helps me monitor activities around the house when I'm not around and it sends me alerts with photo attachments if anyone tries to approach my front door when I'm not at home. From my experience so far I highly recommend this kit but I give it 4 stars since it may not be suitable for everyone due to the limitations I've mentioned.