I spend a lot of time on and in the water and I bought this camera to stick in my pocket and go.  It is very good for that.  For general purpose use though it is poor-to-mediocre in comparison to other point and shoot digitals at this price that I looked at.  I usually shoot slide film/ SLR, but I figured for the price this camera would probably take acceptable pictures.The good: the macro mode works very well and is fun to use.  The underwater thing is as cool as it sounds.  The camera is well built and rugged and easy to carry around.  The battery life is outstanding.  All in all it should be a great outdoors person's pocket cameraThe bad.  The biggest problem (and it is a huge one) is the horrible program mode system.  The lack of an aperture or shutter priority setting is a major, major issue in light of the bizarre pre-sets on this camera.For starters, the camera sets the aperture wide open, no matter what you're actually trying to take a picture of.  I shot about 150 pictures in "Landscape" and "Portrait & Landscape" modes last week and every time the camera set the aperture to the max allowed by the zoomed lens, usually f/3.5.  Even if you point it at a fluorescent light or bright water (so there are no low-light issues) it does not stop down.  This is stupid.  It means that the only thing in focus in most of the "landscape" photos was a tree-branch in the foreground or some guy's hat.  There is no manual override.  Apparently it is a fixed aperture camera.  The only way is to zoom to the max which only has a max aperture of up to 5.6 or so.  Of course this means that the wide angle feature is useless for landscapes.Even if you manage to get an appropriate f-stop, the camera has a problem picking appropriate ISO and shutter speeds, especially in low light.  It seems to prioritize for low ISO, meaning that it also slows the shutter speed down, resulting in blurry and noisy photos.  A speed of 1/40s with ISO 80 is pretty useless in terms of getting good handheld pictures vs speed of 1/250 and ISO 200, for example.  Using the LED seems to fix this in the Macro mode but in other modes the camera insists on reducing shutter speed and opening up the lens inappropriately.  You can set the ISO manually but the modes are fiddly and it's easy to forget if you switch back and forth a lot.Finally my autofocus simply refuses to focus on anything more than about 70' away.  Even if I confirm spot-focus before shooting on a distant object it will be blurry in the final picture, while random closer objects are in focus.It is possible that there is something wrong with the camera I have as I can't imagine anyone designed it this way (right?).  However I went to a local camera store and tried their two display models and had the same issues.  It's going back.