I purchased the Canon Powershot A70 in May in anticipation of using it on a trip to Europe.  After researching several online photo equipment review sites and looking at the cameras in local retail stores, I decided on the A70.  The facts that influenced my decision to purchase this camera were: size, weight, type of battery, ability to shoot in full automatic or with some level of manual control.  The additional advantages this camera offered, were the ability to use rechargeble batteries and add a macro or telephoto lens.The learning curve is very fast.  I didn't have time to get very familiar with the camera before leaving, but it didn't take long to learn how to make adjustments.  Digital cameras tend to be much smaller than film cameras and that affects their handling and controls.  The menus are easy to access and once familiar can be changed quickly.  At first I thought the words on the menus were difficult to read in the LCD but this became less of a problem with time and with my glasses on.  In outdoor light all LCD's tend to be difficult to see but this is a very bright LCD and indoors is fantastic for viewing pictures.  The macro worked wonderful.  If you are photographing a stationary object you could use the manual focus, but to photograph insects or anything that moves, use the autofocus in macro mode to get spectacular photos.I used a battery recharger with 2 sets of 4 rechargeable AA batteries, so I always had a spare set.  I used the LCD all the time and reviewed images at night of the day's photos, the batteries seemed to last forever.  As long as you have a recharger with an adapter for European current, you can plug it in at night in a hotel room and be ready for the next day.  The AA batteries can double in an emergency to power up your PDA with an adapter so you won't be carrying dead weight for only one device.The 16MB compact flash that comes with the camera is best left home.  Get a 512MB CF and you can put nearly 500 photos in L mode (2048 X 1536).  You can add music or a memo to your photos.  I added a music memo to a picture of a band playing 60 feet away and the camera recorded it flawlessly.  This camera also has a movie mode with sound.All controls are easy to access, the camera is well-balanced, and fast to turn on and off.  Don't be fooled into thinking this camera is too big.  Many of the new cameras are smaller, but they are not easy to get a grip on or hold with one hand without getting your fingers in the way of the lens.Once you get your pictures home it is easy to view them.  The camera comes with a cable to view them on a TV with video and audio inputs or you can upload them to your computer via a USB cable.This camera is much more than it might appear and for a modest price it delivers.