Just received this camera today. I'm not an expert photographer in any way. Currently I have the Panasonic TZ4, and bought this Fuji due to the interest of the EXR sensor and a more compact camera.Now for starter, imo the TZ4 is so so (again, I'm no expert), and I find even an older Canon SD compact digicam that I used to have sometimes took better & sharper pictures. I tried using the F200EXR on auto mode, since that is the mode that most lay people would use. I'm taking indoor pictures, together with the TZ4. The TZ4 auto mode took the picture with flash and ISO 125. Not bad. The F200EXR took the picture with flash at ISO 800. WTF? The resulting image, obviously, is to the advantage of the TZ4 having cleaner and sharper picture due to lower ISO, while the F200EXR's image is extremely noisy in comparison.Next test, I set both cameras to ISO100, and took the same pictures again. Now the F200EXR shows the better image, with cleaner and less noise compared to the TZ4.So, why does Fuji set the auto mode to be so lousy? I mean c'mon, ISO800 with flash, while the competitor used ISO125? With the dizzying array of shooting modes, most lay people would simply want to use Auto mode. Even worse, on some settings, the lowest I can set the Auto ISO is ISO 400, and guess what, the camera seems to use ISO 400 all the time. I had to actually lower the ISO manually to get ISO100/200. Forget about setting it to Auto ISO1600 unless you only want to see noisy/grainy pictures.More annoyance is the yet another proprietary USB cable. Even worse, Fuji's USB cable is built into the AV cable, so it's much bulkier than a regular USB cable. Another is that the F200EXR's IS doesn't seem to work as well as the TZ4. My hand is not the steadiest, but some of the pictures taken with the F200EXR were obviously blurry, while the TZ4 pictures were not.There's a ton of settings in this camera. Tons of shooting mode combination. I have not tried all of them. I think I have to really review the manual to take advantage of this camera, and obviously not to use the Auto mode. For those that don't want to be bothered with other modes other than Auto, prepare to be disappointed.Update:I took the F200EXR for a quick test drive outdoors.Likes:-The compact design. Note that I have the TZ4, which is quite bulky inside a pocket.-The EXR Auto mode fares okay. Note that this is outdoors, thus less likely for the Auto mode to pick higher ISOs.-Some pictures turn out pretty good.Annoyance:-The IS is not that great.-On Auto mode, if your hand is not the steadiest, even on bright outdoors, the Auto ISO can shoot up to ISO 400 or higher. I guess that's the trade-off (considering the weak IS).-It's still a compact P&S.; Don't just expect noise free/DSLR-like pictures from the EXR sensor.-Some weird artifacts on reflective surface of water. Not really noticeable unless you zoom in on the picture though.