I unpacked this awesome little camera a few hours ago, and have been putting it through some paces.  Overall, I'm impressed.I'll start with the good.  The portability is top-notch.  To give perspective, its about a 1/3" shorter and twice as thick as my classic iPod, and roughly the same, dainty weight.  The screen, while beautiful, will absorb fingerprints, so a cleansing cloth is a must if you're nitpicky.  There are a grand total of eleven buttons on the camera, all of them about as ergonomically pleasing as you can get with a rectangle.Now on still shots, it's been my experience that Fuji products tend to jack up the ISO on Auto mode.  The J38 is no different.  This will result in some noise, in any camera, but unless you go looking for it, there's no real glaring problem here.  The pictures will look fine if you feel like having them printed out, and don't go over them with a magnifying lens.  The Scene Recognition Auto - a setting that decides what the shot should be taken as - is good in theory but so far has been iffy indoors.  I've gotten a few unwanted flashes with my pictures that I considered well lit.Luckily, for all those snobs who want the finest Finepix, the manual mode is pretty deep, considering the point-and-shoot type of camera this is.  You can change the ISO (100 will produce excellent photos in decent light), the exp. compensation, and the White Balance, along with turning the face recognition on or off.  The results of tinkering will usually be obvious from the screen, so this will help ease newbies into exploring the camera's true capabilities.  (A note: the macro mode is adequate but not mindblowing, and there is no super-macro mode)Oh yeah, the screen.  You're stuck with it, because there's no viewfinder to be found on this model, but for me that's a moot point.  This type of camera is the kind you hold out in front of you and snap a picture.  But the screen's only real drawback is the speed as which it "draws" your picture to be.  There's just a hint of lag, nothing bad at all, but it will go blurry with fast movement, and at the moment I'm not sure if this affects the focus.  I doubt it would.Video is more than I was expecting.  The quality is a smidge above your average professional Youtube video, and stays in pretty good focus as you move.  I have a feeling really fast movement might become a blur, but so far it's been on the ball with recording.  Oh, while the zoom doesn't work while recording (bummer), the built-in microphone seemed to pick up things rather well.  I fussed with the buttons while recording, and the clicks and taps on the camera body were picked up a little too good: keep a firm, unmoving grip and you should be good to go.Internal memory is severely lacking.  Like, three 12MP pictures and it's full.  Be sure to pick up a decent SD card, and you won't have any problems. My 2-gig card can hold over six hundred pictures, or over thirty minutes of footage, and the higher memory SDs are pretty cheap.I'm totally happy with my purchase.  For 100 dollars, I got a camera that needs considerably less of a babying through than my others.  That said, it will take a degree of time for a newbie to get the best pictures out of the camera, so an optimistic outlook is needed.  For those who are in a hurry to snap something good, or the semi-veteran who doesn't feel like lugging around his bigger camera, this is a great point-and-shoot with some (eventually) foolproof features.