I bought three monitors, no one is "the perfect one", some are good for the price, some are better than others because of the dimension of your home or the type of WiFi you're using. I think the best one (that I haven't tested yet) is the Motorola MBP36 but it sells for $239.Here some pros and cons of the ones I've tested: Lorex LW2451Pros:- Very good video quality- Very good infrared/night video quality- Very good video FPS (frames per second), very fluid video (like a professional security camera)- 3.5" monitor- Charging Docking Station. The battery life is really good because you don't really think about it, when it sits on the station it's always charging (this is a big plus)- PTZ- Button to turn ON and OFF whenever you like to- Good and simple options menu- Good options- microSD for video recording- Video recording with button- Video recording with voice activation- Very good price- No interference with the WiFi (2.4Ghz or 5Ghz)- It works as webcam for Skype when connected to the PC via USB (I hoped it worked wirelessly as well but it doesn't, it's a big plus anyway. Extremely easy installation)Cons:- SOUND TOO LOW (best monitor I've had but this is a deal breaker. NOT SAFE! Wait for new model, hopefully they will change the microphone)- Voice activation (VOX) not working very well (since the microphone is not the best, sometimes you need too much noise and you can hear the baby from the room before than through the monitor)- Not too long power cable. Hard to mount high points on wall Infant Optics DXR-5Pros:- Very good price for the options you get- Good video quality- Very good infrared/night video quality- Good video FPS (frames per second), fluid video- Best voice activation (VOX) I've tried. This can also be annoying since it will turn on on every little movement during the night but I like to see the baby is safe every time he moves or every time he makes a noise, I really like this feature.- Best noise isolation I've tried- Extremely simple options (4 buttons total, very well explained)- Stand included (even if not needed in my opinion, the monitor is alreay designed to stand by itself)- Clip (my wife liked this, she was able to go outside with the monitor on her jeans all the time)Cons:- Awful battery life (constantly in charge)- No button to turn the video ON whenever you like to- It doesn't turn ON on VOX (someone may like this better?). It turns ON on "always ON"- It literally kills your WiFi (this was my deal breaker with this monitor). I own an IT company and I install WiFi networks for companies, there was no way to get this to work with any channel and any router (I now have one of the best WiFi N900 routers installed, the ASUS RT-N66U). If you use 5Ghz band you will be fine but not every device has this possibility. I had to literally shut the monitor down to stream HD movies to my Boxee Box (no 5Ghz available on the Boxee Box), also unable to transfer files between laptops or iPhone- Not too long power cable. Hard to mount high points on wall Motorola MBP33Pros:- Very good video quality- Very good infrared/night video quality- Good video FPS (frames per second), fluid video (better than the DXR-5 but worse than the LW2451)- Amazing microphone, it is actually an external microphone like the ones you buy for computers, it also seem you get stereo audio from it. Just for this kind of microphone, the MBP33 is the safest monitor I've tested- No interference with the WiFi (2.4Ghz or 5Ghz)- When it goes off idleing, you can turn it on pressing any button. If you hurry when you hear something just press a button and look (awesome function)- Long power cable- It doesn't isolate the static noise of the room (the DXR-5 is the best for that) (changing this to a Pro feature. If you hear static you always know the monitor works and it's capturing audio also you can hear your son breathe.Cons:- No Pan-tilt-zoom (PTZ) (you get that with $60 more, with the MBP36. I don't think this option and the VOX are worth $60)- No voice activation (VOX)UPDATE:The MBP33 stopped working about two weeks ago (we were oversea for vacation!), it lasted long time and speakers just break. I've opened it, tried to solder the speaker again, made a mess and Motorola didn't even blink. They, with Amazon, refunded me right away, no questions.I am ordering a new one, same model, right now and change the rating to 5 stars. The Motorola MBPxx It's the best monitor I've tested so far.