I bought this camera through Amazon and received it a day or two before my sister-in-law's wedding.  I charged the battery the preceding night, took a ton of wedding shots (in and outside) and many other shots throughout the next month.  After nearly 30 days, well over 100 shots, lots of downloading, a wedding and a visit to my daughter at college the battery finally went out.  Wow!Detail?  I was in my kayak and had a dragonfly land on my lap.  I took the shot and the detail is so good you can see the individual threads in the rip-stop nylon pants I was wearing and the detail of the web in it's wings!Indoors?  I took a shot of my daughter and 2 friends (nighttime, incandescent light) ... she liked the photo so much that we cropped out her friends and edited it and its the photo she's going to use for her senior picture in her yearbook!Video?  My other daughter is in the UMass Marching Band ... so I took 12 short (5-12 sec) videos of the Band and Colorguard at the UMass/Richmond game and the sound, with headphones, is quite good (better than regular TV sound).  The video was best if I didn't pan with the camera. The end of that day is when the battery ran out (one month after a full wedding, all the inbetween photos and 12 marching band short videos!).I did buy an SD card reader at Office Max (...) so now I don't run the battery to download pictures, erase my card, etc.I like the other reviewer's comment that it's like being married to a handsome prince ... it really IS an attractive camera.  After using my daughters Casio Exilim (nearly credit card sized) I knew I wanted a small camera.  I'm a high school administrator and it's very convenient to slip it over my head with the neckstrap and wander around "capturing the moment."I did a lot of internet camera shopping over the summer, waited for just the features I wanted, this camera was released, and I'm very happy with it.I do have an old, outstanding Canon AE-1Program with the huge telephoto lens, etc, so I did not buy this camera intending for it to do everything.  This is my general purpose, get some GREAT shots, have some versatility, digital.  Took my (just what I selected, multiples of some, wallets of another) for a little over $5.0little SD card to Wal-Mart today (I carry it and the reader in an old hardshell glasses case!), got 21 prints 0 ... no waste on bad shots and no going back for reprints after seeing how they came out!I did buy a "Digital Promaster" camera case at my local camera shop and when I dropped the camera (in the case) onto pavement from the 10th or so level of the bleachers at a soccer game, the camera was fine!As you can see, I'm a very busy person ... and this camera keeps up with me. Way fun!