I've had this camera for a little more than a year now, before I broke the lens on the camera. It worked well for me when I went to Japan to take quick snap shots of where I visited (mostly outside). The start up for the camera is very fast, opening up immediately when you press the "on" button; this was something I especially needed and wanted, specifically, for my winter trip there, and also one of the main reasons why I bought this camera was for the fast start up speed. When I was visiting Japan, I was able to walk down a section of the street and easily pull out my camera to take a quick snap shot without having to stop. That function was wonderful to have when I was in a rush.The battery life was amazing, which was also something I was looking into. I needed my camera to last throughout the whole day when I was visiting Japan and it ended up lasting longer than a day. If I remembered correctly though, I may have asked for the extended battery life when I bought the camera, so they may have upgraded that for me. I was able to use this camera for a whole week and only needed to charge it twice. To me, that's a super win win situation, because my old camera had a horrible battery life, which only lasted a couple hours.The quality of this camera was nice for the most part, but at times it would be blurry. It definitely showed clarity for most of my pictures, but there would be occasions when some of the pictures don't focus all too well. You would have to hold the camera extremely still sometimes in order to capture a certain moment... I find myself taking more than one picture of same item sometimes in order to get it "just" right. If you're a perfectionist in terms of clarity, this would be the best suited camera to select. I would still enjoy the camera (if I hadn't broken it), since it's 10 mega-pixels definitely showed me a lot of detail in my pictures, but you'd have to be a bit patient.The functionality of the camera was easy to use and set up, give or take a few moments where I needed to look up something in the manual, in order to find more details of what the button/function did.The optical zoom of the camera was nice to have, but it wasn't great. I was expecting to have more focus in the zoom, considering this was a 4x the optical zoom preference. The lens in this camera, or any camera with high zoom, protrudes outwards when it's on, so you have to be careful not to drop it while it's on, or it could be jammed. Since the "on" and "off" button on this camera is easily accessible, it was also easy for things to push into it and turn on, thus, turning on the camera and pushing out the lens outward. Because of this, my camera lens broke, and/or was jammed, when my friend left this camera on the leather couch and someone pushed it aside, turning it on because it hit something, and another person sat on it (cause they didn't see it), which essentially crushed the camera lens... it was an unfortunate event, considering how I had bought this item at full price when it first came out.I like the camera, but it could be better. I would still like to own another one if I had the money to buy a new, mainly, for the way it looks. I know that sounds kinda shallow, but it looks pretty sleek, and it's the perfect size for me (not too small, and not too big).Overall, it's good, but not great. It has a fast and speedy start up function. The picture quality is good, but the focus can be a little off making it a bit blurred. The lens and LCD screen for any particular camera is very fragile, and this camera is NOT an exception. Happy purchasing, everyone. I hope my comments help a bit.