I got the ZS3 for my wife as we have been very pleased with the quality of construction of the former models which we had (TZ3 and TZ4).  However when i received it i noticed that that the construction quality was definitely not in the same league as our former TZ3 and TZ4 cameras :(  The battery too was "MADE IN CHINA" compared to the former "Made in Japan" batteries :(We have barely used it for 2 weeks and yes the picture quality was definitely better than the TZ4 by a mile.  The video was also great and the stereo mics gave much better voice quality than the previous model.  The custom mode also allowed you to tweak options that allowed some level of control for creative photography and non flash photography.  The high ISO quality was also much improved over the former models.However the saddest part was that the lcd screen just cracked, and the outside screen has no damage indicating that the quality of the lcd screen inside is very poor.  Seems like Panasonic has dropped its legendary quality which has made it famous in the P&S; superzoom market :(I am hoping to send the unit back to amazon for replacement since this happened without any drop or misuse and there is no damage outside.  Searching on the Internet showed that this was a common problem with the ZS3 (also called TZ7) and the problem seems to be in the lower part of the lcd unit.  Many users have got the screen replaced based on the fact that its an issue with the construction quality as the outside glass like cover has no damages, though Panasonic has in some cases refused to honor the warranty and asked over 150$ to replace the lcd!!! which is ridiculous.  Check flickr for images of damaged units posted by other customers of the same camera.The issue is not with the external cover outside, so pasting a screen protector is of no use since the crack come in the lcd panel that is inside!  Once this happens the screen also has vertical purple/pink bars that completely shuts of any photography capability since you only have the lcd to focus (as there is no viewfinder in this camera).I contacted Panasonic support and seems they do not respond to customer issues, and will now have to depend on Amazon's customer support (whom i am told are much better thankfully) to get a replacement since i am still within the return window.UPDATE> Amazon was VERY very prompt and shipped a replacement the very next day i started the return process.  The kept me fully updated of the process.  Superb stuff amazon.  Panasonic support finally woke up and agreed to provide a replacement unit as well as long as the unit was within the 1 year warranty period, the only difference being that they will only provide a refurbished item.  However my confidence in the build quality of this model is now low, and would most probably be switching to the new Sony HX5V as the ZS7 seems to be going on the marketing line and forgetting what made the lumix compact superzooms so great.