I too am a working photographer. I grew weary of dragging that heavy gadget bag on vacations so I purchased the SX10is a year ago. What a joy to use! All that focal length at your fingertips! The image quality was also fine for pro use.As time went on, I needed HD video for a client. It was a clear choice for me to purchase the SX20is for the purpose. Why learn yet another camera? And wow, a even better SX10? Well, not quite.I won't rehash all that Kirk Tuck and others have said before me. I will say though ... don't upgrade from the SX10is for the 2 megapixels. If you are interested in mainly still images, STICK WITH THE SX10. The rest of the camera is very similar. The new menus are more colorful, controls are marginally different in the menus and all else is pretty much the same. Most of the changes are "fluff". If you don't NEED the HD video I would NOT switch. To me, the SX10 delivers a noticeably snappier still image.What I like about the SX camera series:1. That fabulous zoom lens! To have all that zoom in such a small package. Sweet!2. Uses AA batteries. You'll never run out of power. Available everywhere.3. Thoughtful design & shape and feeling of solid quality.4. Excellent eyepiece diopter adjustment (at least for me)5. SD card access door is separate from all other access panels. Real easy to get to,even while on a tripod.5. Metal tripod mount6. Reasonable price for all the features included.7. Oh yeah .. the swiveling LCD screen too. Very useful!8. The fact you also get nice HD video in one package is a bonus.What I'm not so crazy about:1. Buttons or right rear a bit crowded. Sometimes I press something I don't want.2. No filter threads ...geez Canon, come on ....3. Battery indicator is not on all the time4. Wish I could "customize" the "AUTO" function5. Manual as PDF (what a pain). I'll take mine paper, thank you.You might as well print it out right away. You're gonna need it!6. Selection of "spot" meter defaults back to "center" at power down.7. Electronic ViewFinder (Not just this one either. They all leave me wanting.)8. Somewhat less crisp still images compared to the SX10 that I also own.A fine RGB file at 4000 x 3000 yields a 34 MB file in Photoshop! Oddly, more pixels don't translate into better image quality. SX20is images don't have quite the "snap" to my eye as the SX10.Is it perfect? Heck no. Are any of them? Even the $5,000 ones?Perhaps if Canon changed the firmware to include "Superfine" compression, this camera could then become a stellar performer??Do I miss RAW mode? Not really. If you need it buy a DSLR.What do I miss most when switching from my NIKON? That bright, super clear viewfinder.Will it clip highlights? Sure, if you don't set it up right. So does the SX10is (and my Nikon). High dynamic range is not usually a feature on most consumer cameras.Pros take note... I was on the fence as to whether this cameras image quality is good enough to satisfy my professional needs. If you are obsessed with tack sharp images, pass on this one. You probably won't be happy. If "good" is good enough, go for it.After shooting and experimenting for 10 days I wasn't happy. The still images were just too darn soft. What a pity. This potentially GREAT camera hamstrung by a mediocre sensor. It appears to me the the sensor size was adjusted to accommodate the Hi Def video at the sacrifice of still image quality. I expected more from 12 megapixels and didn't get it. I had to return it.Don't get me wrong, it's a very good still camera ... just not a great one. If video is your main interest and your still picture needs are secondary, you'll probably like it.[...].Note that YouTube Reduces file size to increase playability over the internet so what you see is only fraction of the video detailNewbies purchasing this ... make no mistake, this is a complex little piece of gear. Sure, you can use it on AUTO if you want, but what a waste. You have to LEARN this camera to get the most out of it. And don't expect to learn it in a day or even a week. Used properly it will yield beautiful ( if not super sharp) images. Buy it and shoot, shoot, shoot and you'll get the hang of it. Why not? The "film" is cheap!By the way, purchase a Class 6 SD card right away. That way if you want to play with the HD movie function you can. Some cheap SD cards can't write fast enough for HD video use. If you have a hi def TV you'll love it.Beware though, HD video files get HUGE fast! Uploads to YouTube (or anywhere else) can take quite awhile. A 1 minute, 36 sec. clip equals 491 MB and over 4 hrs to upload via DSL.If you get serious about HD video, or enjoy doing critical focus photography, PLEASE, buy a decent tripod and USE it.