I received this camera on Friday.  I had read ALL the review posted here and was a bit nervous about some of the concerns that have been mentioned.  The balance of positive reviews convinced me to give it a try and I am VERY happy I did. This is my 3rd digital camera so far, canon powershot, nikon coolpix and now the sony. The Sony is my favorite already!I took the camera to Las Vegas for a party weekend to try it out. My real concern with the camera was blurry images. The camera is VERY small and I worried that I would not be able to hold it still while shooting and get a lot of motion blur in pics. I didn't get a SINGLE blurry image all weekend.  It shot crystal clear shots consistently and under all conditions. I shot while dancing, running... all ways and never had an issue! You just have to find a comfortable way to hold the camera.The lens is easy to drop your finger in front of... but if you pay attention to what you are doing, this doesn't need to be a problem.The GIANT LCD display is probably my ABSOLUTELY FAVORITE thing about this camera!!  It is SO clear and BIG!! You can see GREAT detail in every photo with it!  Serious PROPS on the designer of that element!I read complaints about the flash on it.  First, the color of the flash is GREAT!  I know of several digitals that when  you shoot semi-close, they turn everything yellow. This one is perfect.  There are settings for the strength of the flash as well that you can adjust.  It isn't ANY weaker than any other digital camera on the market!  You cannot expect to shoot super far away with the tiny flash that you get on a point and shoot digital. It is sufficient in strength for what the camera is intended for.  And, if you read the manual you will learn that there are wasy to change the metering of the camera for shooting far away in lower light situtations. Like any other electronic item you should spend a little time familiarizing yourself with all the settings before complaining about something you simply have not taken the time to understand.Red eye setting on camera works great as well!!  Not sure why others are having trouble with that. Maybe they have just not figured out how to turn the setting to ON.The interactive menu is really easy to figure out and work.  The pre-programmed settings are vast and very cool.  They have a setting for almost any codition and the AUTO program worked perfectly for all different lighting conditions.It has a very sturdy casing which is perfect for me...  Feels like it will stand the test of time. I had a problem with my Nikon Coolpix because the casing was such lightweight plastic and after a week had to tape battery door closed.  Very cheap and flimsy materials used on it.. but The sony FEELS very sturdy!The drop down lens cover is perfect. It drops and BAM, ready to shoot. Looking at the product photo's on Amazon of this camera you can't really tell how it works. I almost thought that it didn't have a lens cover and was very relieved when it arrived and found it does.I recommed the largest memory card you can afford for this baby!  5mp will fill a card in NO time.  Of course you don't have to shoot that big and get more on the card but it is great to have the option! Why buy a 5mp unless you are going to shoot em! ;)All in all I am REALLY pleased with this camera.  No challenge to speak of for me! Great price on Amazon for it as well!