This is my second WiLife purchase. The WiLife system with indoor camera I have been using since the beginning of April. At that time I wrote a review, and some of this is derived from that. At the time I got the system, many people were reporting a problem with the transformers going while under the year warranty. I spoke with Logitech on the phone and they reported that they solved the transformer problem, and due to the reliable track record I have had since April 2nd, I have to agree with them. The old transformers that were shipped with the units were not sufficient for the demands of the system, so Logitech/WiLife has since upgraded them to a better unit.Another concern was that the cameras require a reboot after doing on online update through your computer. I updated right away the unit right out of the box, and no reboot of the camera was needed.Thirdly, those who are losing the camera signal, the software has an auto-detect single click feature. It disconnects, and then re-senses all of the cameras. It is like a refresh.One thing that is super important is that I could not detect the 2 cameras I had hooked up, and then I discovered the problem, I had the receiving unit, hooked up through the USB cable to the computer, and plugged directly into the AC, but in a surge suppressor; that is why it would not work. When I plugged it directly into the wall, it sensed them right away. They tell you to NOT plug cameras or the receiving unit into a surge suppressor. That is kind of un-nerving, considering I get lightning spikes in the summer, and this creates a direct line into the computer. Logitech states that they have their own surge suppressor already built into the units. They do not publish any kind of surge protection levels though, which I think would be a positive step toward a little hand holding.Some complained about cameras getting disconnected, and then having to reestablish the connection. I have not had such problems. As a matter of fact the new setup is receiving connections from the opposite end of a 60 foot house, through the standard electrical wiring system.I wish they had audio built in. My dream is to sit in front of the PC and if someone knocks on the door, click on the camera, and conduct a conversation; especially if it is all recorded.Having a motion sensor is great, and it automatically starts to record when someone even begins to approach the area. It is shocking but the motion sensor detects motion even before someone comes into viewing range.The camera does have a lagging time to readjust to changing lighting conditions. With a motion sensing light coming on, it took the camera 11 seconds to readjust so you could get a clear picture; that is too long for securing purposes at night time. They do have a night vision camera as an option which I do not have, so I cannot comment on it. Oddly enough the indoor secret camera that doubles as a clock when the light was switched off instead, it adjusted to the proper low light level in only 3 seconds. Hmmm.... how is that useful?My unit came with version 2.1 software, and I had upgraded to the 2.5 version already for my initial system. That brings up another cool thing, and that is that you can get 2 complete systems for not much more than just adding a second camera. The cameras are sending their signal and can be read by 2 receivers at the same time without any problems. They both record, provide live view etc. So why is that important? I have a 94 year old mother that I care for, and I placed the indoor camera number 2 in her bedroom. She loves to sleep in, so I can now be at either one of my PC's and periodically peek in on her without having to leave my chair. Not only can I do that, I also now can do that from either PC due to the fact that I have 2 complete systems, rather than one system plus a camera.Another concern I had was that this system should have its own PC to run on, so it wouldn't slow down my work machine. I have 1 Gig of ram, and this runs in the background, and I do not notice any performance drain. When you exit out of the program, it exits down to a little icon on the taskbar to the right, and only if you right click on the little camera icon, do you get the option to completely exit the program.I find the program to be very well designed. I navigate through it without having to figure anything out. It is all intuitive. If I click on a camera from within the 4 or 6 block grid, it automatically fills the screen. The list goes on; it doesn't need an instruction manual, that's how intuitive it is.The bottom line for me is that this provides the rest of us with a relatively inexpensive way to have a security system. Video quality is very good, especially when considering the quality of the video surveillance you see on TV when a store gets robbed.The internet access from any PC to observe any camera in your house or place of business is a big plus. You simply log into the web site, and view away. To me Logitech has gotten the bugs worked out from their early versions, and this is a system that I am glad to have, and would recommend to others.