I've owned the 20D since November 2004, and I must have shot around 10,000 pictures with it. Before that, I had a Canon Powershot A80, which delivered consistently good pictures, but was slooooow to start up and had a big shutter lag. The 20D solves these problems with flying colors (no pun intended). Start up is instantaneous (you will spend much longer removing the lens cap!) and there's no shutter lag.The other expectation that I had was to get shallow depth of field in my pictures (almost impossible with the A80). The problem was that I ordered the camera with the basic 18-55mm lens that comes with it. I shot with nothing but this lens during 6 months (I couldn't afford anything else), and was not very satisfied with the sharpness (even by changing the parameter in the custom functions), the vibrance of the colors, and the poor bokeh. I tried a demo version of DXO optics pro, which made me realize how soft my basic lens was. It's OK, I knew I shouldn't expect too much from that basic lens.When I was able to afford a second lens, I realized how good the 20D could be. I got a Canon 70-200mm f4L telephoto lens, and man! does this make a difference! The pictures I get with that lens are awesome: crisp, sharp, vibrant, constrasty, and finally I got the bokeh I was expecting.Then I got the Speedlite 420EX flash, and my pictures became just wonderful. It solves all the problems that people may experience with the built-in flash.So, basically, try different lenses on this body, and you'll be surprised how much better your pictures can get with the right lens. Your pictures will only be as good as the weakest element of your system. Well, the weakest element won't be the 20D body!The major complaint I have, though I know it's inherent to all digital SLR (except the Olympus), is the dust on the sensor. It's very disappointing to make 400 shots in a session and then find the same 3 ugly dust spots on every single picture, regardless of the aperture you shot at. I tried the sensor swabbing method to clean it, it worked fine, but it scares me too much to do it on a regular basis. Nothing that Photoshop couldn't fix, but still, it drives me crazy.I also learned to live without the spot metering, but I still don't understand why they didn't include it. They can't expect you to buy the 1D Mark II instead, since only pros can afford to spend that much money on a body. And you don't need to be a pro to feel the need for a spot metering. Everything I learned about photography refered to the use of that spot metering (John Shaw, Bryan Peterson...).Anyway, great camera body, very average lens. Expect to invest in a better lens and an external flash. I gave it four stars because of the dust on the sensor (not its fault, but still, it's frustrating).