Hands down, this is the most flexible of the dozen or so (film and digital) cameras that I have owned.But it is also the easiest to use over a wide variety of situations.  And the 20x optical zoom is just amazing, equivalent of 26mm to 520mm on a classical 35mm camera.  For 3-megapixel shots, there's a 30x "soft zoom" mode that combines 1.5x digital zoom with the optical zoom, without loss of resolution.The one downside is that the small (1/2.33") sensor does exhibit quite a bit of color noise in low-light situations.  To be fair, it takes usable pictures in lighting, and at distances, where none of my previous cameras would have gotten anything at all.Turn the mode dial to Auto, and you have the consummate point and shoot camera.  The things you need to master to take good snapshots in most situations are: taking off the lens cap, turning on the power switch, pointing the camera, and pressing the shutter button.From there, you can mix and match other features and controls wherever your photographic needs, sophistication, and interests take you.  One button to enable the flash.  One ring to control the zoom.  One switch for manual focus.  Program, Aperture, or Shutter priority modes.  Exposure compensation.  Over 20 specialized "scene" modes, such as Portrait, Smile Shot, Fireworks, Candlelight, ... One button to switch to Macro or SuperMacro (1cm) focusing.Flash metering is through the lens and there is a hot shoe that interfaces with external Olympus flashes for TTL metering, which seems quite accurate.The camera has enough buttons (and a multi-purpose "setting" dial) to provide an efficient interface for all the common controls an advanced amateur is likely to want.  And it also provides a very general menu interface that provides direct control of even more camera parameters for users who need it, without having to remember which button controls what.  Exposure and flash exposure compensation.  Bracketing (3 or 5 shots, with 0.3, 0.7, or 1.0 steps).  Drive: single shot, bracket, continuous, high speed (13.5 frames/sec.), time lapse.  Sharpness, contrast, and saturation adjustment.  Metering "intelligent," spot, or area mode.  Autofocus face, "intelligent," spot, or area mode.  Fulltime or predictive auto-focus.  And so on.An Olympus feature I like is MyMode, where I can pre-establish four combinations of settings that I expect to use a lot, and get to them just by selecting one of my four modes.No wonder the "Quick Start Guide" is 100 pages.NB: Don't be fooled: The $10.00 "Instruction Manual" that can be purchased separately from Olympus is just the "Quick Start Guide" in plastic covers.  There does not seem to be ANY official source for the rest of the information an owner might want.Shooting pictures at 5 megapixels, image quality under all conditions seems to meet or exceed that of my older Olympus C-750.  (And it's dramatically better in every single dimension than the Olympus C-2100 I reviewed back in 2001.)  I expect to be able to crop pictures normally and still make 8"x10" prints without any visible digital artifacts.  As with all my digital cameras, I'll use Photoshop to fix up pictures to my taste; I've played with, but don't expect to seriously use, the 570UZ's in-camera editing facilities.Oh, yes, the 570UZ is also a pretty decent little camcorder.  Just turn the mode dial to Video, and you can shoot videos at VGA (640x480) or qVGA (320x240) resolution at either 15 or 30 frames per second.  Everything the Flip Video Ultra Series Camcorder can do, in a package that's only a little larger, with 20x optical instead of 2x digital zoom, and only one button you have to understand.  But with the potential of using most of the camera controls described above, if you want to.  Because it records to a flash memory card (and the maximum xD card is 2GB), video chews up memory pretty fast: Less than 19 minutes/2GB at full resolution and frame rate, just over 50 minutes/2GB at minimum res and rate.