Like many here, I looked at many cameras and read many reviews before deciding on this one, so I thought I should 'pay it forward' and share my impressions of the Lumix DMC-ZS3. The upshot is that, to me, this is the only camera on the market that successfully -- and at $240, affordably -- combines:  -- a high quality Leica lens  -- 12x optical zoom  -- HD video capability  -- intelligent autofocus  -- pocket-sized portabilityI was in the market for a point-and-shoot, because I realized that I was missing a ton of good shots simply because I rarely break out my Canon DSLR. I love my Rebel XTi and its ability to use $1,500 zoom lenses and polarizing filters. And like many, I had considered myself a Canon loyalist prior to purchasing the Lumix. But even with my Lowepro easy-open sling bag, the memory of carrying that thing all over the streets of Dublin last summer made me admit that I needed to find a compromise. But in my heart, I suspected that a compromise would pit portability squarely against image quality, and that I would be using my new P&S; exclusively at drunken office parties.So I began my research into the P&S; category pessimistically. It seems that most people these days seem to be content with taking horrible pictures with their cell phones, and most compact cameras seem to be marketed along the lines of "fun new colors" and have names like "Coolpix" (shudder). And the thought of buying a camera from Panasonic (over Canon no less!), well, that didn't make much sense to me. But I couldn't ignore the hundreds of rave reviews, or its status as a top seller on Amazon, so I grudgingly checked it out.The single biggest differentiator, for me, was the Panasonic's incorporation of a Leica lens (an absolutely brilliant move on their part). Even decidedly amateur photogs like myself are aware of Leica's stature. Leica is to cameras, what Ducati is to motorcycles. So when I repeatedly read reviews that compared the Lumix's image quality favorably to that of Canon's SX200, I was open enough to the possibility that I decided to see for myself.Since unwrapping the Lumix two days ago, I have taken roughly 300 pictures. And while it struggles somewhat in low light (a handicap that is shared by every digital I've used), the clarity, color balance and warmth easily rivals my DSLR. In fact, at the risk of betraying my photographic naivete, I would be hard pressed to tell the difference in most shots. Beyond the pixel metrics and histogram comparisons, the Lumix produces images which possess that ethereal 'photographic' quality which I have found elusive among digital cameras. It's hard to describe, but shooting with the Lumix quickly felt warmer, more analogue, perhaps even more organic, than countless other digital camera experiences I've had. Ordinarily, I would chalk up those impressions to 'new buyer euphoria.' But in this case, the Panasonic could've easily fallen short of this Canon-loyalists expectations. The fact that it instead exceeded them -- I foresee my DSLR's role shrinking further than expected -- is a testament to what relative newcomer Panasonic has done here.So, in short, I am extremely impressed and happy with my purchase. I've been using Adobe Lightroom 2 as a digital darkroom, and the results have been extremely impressive. In fact a few photos of my dog, after some tinkering and applying a selenium tone filter, are actually breathtaking.Its HD video capabilities, while not a core need for me, are nevertheless a core capability of the camera, and a simply remarkable bonus for a $240 camera. I do wish the files it produces were more universally manageable, but my initial impressions of VideoPad video editor (free, but not included) indicate that it won't be too much trouble. HDMI output is also a wonderful bonus.The camera's size, while certainly not as comfortable in the hand as my DSLR, is almost exactly the same size as a pack of Marlboro Light 100s, and thus can easily fit in my pocket (presuming I quit smoking soon, as planned). The lack of an included case is easily remedied by the Lowepro Rezo 30, which I almost buy because one reviewer said it was too small for this model. Ignore that review, as it fits absolutely perfectly, has great features, and runs about $11.Of my only two complaints, the first is really a quibble: battery life. It's not horrible, but not praiseworthy either, so I would recommend a backup. Panasonic appears to have made its proprietary 'chipped' batteries an issue here as well, so -2 for that. Ny other complaint is the camera's lack of total manual control. There's no messing with the f-stop and shutter speed here, so you have to trust the Lumix's ability to make smart decisions. Thus far, I'd have to say that it makes better decisions than I probably would, and while I don't like creative control being taken away from me, I confess that most of my creative efforts are better expended in post-processing.So there's my review. At $240, the Lumix is an extraordinarily robust mixture of performance and portability. For those looking to give their necks and shoulders a break from their DSLR, this packs 90% of the performance into a 7oz. package.