I am a pro photographer specializing in scenic imaging that is sold at the National Parks in the American Southwest.  My products feature 360 degree VR photography in Flash and Quicktime.  I often volunteer to take pictures of families and other groups of people at the Parks with their cameras so they can all be in a picture.  So I have been handling these cool little point and shoot cameras, and I have seen the great pictures they take when my friends come back from trips and put on slide shows.  So I decided the mini point and shoots have evolved enough so I should get one and experiment with using it for my work sometimes.  I bought a top of the line, 12.5 mp Fujifilm FinePix F100fd.  I returned it after one week.  The pictures were muddy and had to be downsized to about 5 mp before they were sharp enough to use.  And the "manual" controls just didn't cut it.So I ordered the Nikon S710 in deep red to try next.  It is a great little camera!  The design is brilliant.  It is a tiny work of art.  I love it and you will too!  I use Nikon SLR and DSLR cameras all the time, and the controls on this tiny point and shoot S710 work exactly the same as the controls on my expensive DSLR Nikons.  The color out of this little camera is spot on, and the images are sharp and very much usable at the highest resolution, 14.5 mp!  I like the lens.  It can't match full size Nikon lenses for regular FX (35 mm) cameras, but it's pretty close.  The high iso capabilities of the S710 are good.  The vibration filtering works great and you can get some beautiful photos in low light situations with no tripod.  I bought a mini tripod with the camera for $5 that works fine and got a nice, two tone burgundy and black case from LowePro for $15 that holds the camera, an extra battery and SDHC card, and the tiny tripod carries great slid through the belt loop, so I have a pretty complete kit that weighs less than a pound and fits in a pocket!The ergonomics are superior and the camera feels natural in my big hands and its comfortable to hold and keeping my fingers away from the flash is just automatic.  The buttons and select wheel work and feel just right and the menus in icon mode make sense and work intuitively.The only thing I would suggest Nikon do to improve the camera is to provide a firmware update that allows you to save images in RAW format.Some reviewers have complained about the camera being slow.  It seems plenty fast to me and I have not found its speed an issue.  The case is stainless steel and the finish has proved very durable so far and looks great!  I love this camera and take it with me everywhere I go.  I am flying to Chicago in a couple of weeks to see Etta James and go to a Cubs game and this kit is the only camera I am taking along.