Three Stars for Value, Five Stars for Everything Else.I'll just get to the meat and potatoes of this review.Looks just like the steel gray mini M9.  Makes me wish I had the M9 versus the M8 (yes, just for looks!).  Very nice and sleek, definitely not boxy and boring as the online reviews made it appear.  The camera is sturdy for a point and shoot, and fits well in my hands.  I tested the dials.  They are not flimsy on my camera as has been mentioned in previous internet reviews.  I have small fingers, however, so I may not trigger a dial to move as other shooters.  The screen is BAD.  I'm sorry, but for $2K, I need a $2K screen.  At least 920K dots.  I'm disappointed at the screen...the subjects appeared grainy and the screen kept locking up as I tried to maintain focus.  This is subpar.  The other buttons and the flash are easy to use, nice and fits well on the camera.Features are not overwhelming.  As a mini M, I'm not surprised at the simplistic usability.  I like it...but for a point and shoot, I have a nagging feeling I could be missing something.  I don't know:  perhaps the  "kids and pets" feature would just make me feel at home.  That's a joke.  However, I would l like zoom features...5x if possible.  The menus and buttons are easy to use, although I would like a toggle button (versus button/menu) for AF/Macro similar to the D-Lux 4.Image quality is indeed SLR-like.  Reviews and comments online usually have images attached that have been photoshopped to a degree.  My out of camera jpeg photos are wonderful!  I guess I had to see this to believe it.  I have a D-Lux 4, and the difference is very evident (not to discredit the D-Lux 4).  Now, is the image quality $2K worth?  All of Leica's cameras are incredibly overpriced, but I know of no other point-and-shoot that gives the image quality of this camera.  I had a hard time believing it before it got into my hands.  Still, my answer is leading to, "no, still too expensive".AF:  The minimum focusing distance is far, almost two feet for accurate focusing.  Ensure AF Macro is enabled for those "close-up" situations.  In this manner, zoom would really be seen as a positive in order to get those close personal shots.  It would be difficult to hand this camera to someone (a point/shooter) and say, "please take my photo...no wait, move farther"  For my M8.2, I understand when folks have a hard time using it, but for the X1?ISO quality is superb.  Blown up on my screen, it's very comparable to my 7D, with a Leica flare to it.What I've stated are the few things that I value; there are plenty more pros to this camera.  In the end, like most Leicas, the X1 is definitely not a camera for the budget, quick shooter.  To the ones who just want a point and shoot to capture moments, the price of the X1 is difficult to justify.  One can even get an Micro Four-Thirds camera with excellent image quality for 25% the price of the X1.  This camera is out of stock as we speak, but perhaps a lower price would make it maniacal to the masses.  Also, a closer minimum focal distance, and a better screen.  But I cannot let myself unhand this fine piece of hardware.  I find myself foregoing essential pieces of clothing, toothpaste and soap, and a few meals a day in order to have the chance to master the equipment so painstakingly made from the company called Leica.  By the way, I didn't really give up soap, that was a joke.