As the title suggests, this camera does very well for the price I paid for it and the size of it.It's very small but packs many features. It's slightly smaller than the size of a deck of cards.The pictures are really nice, crisp and vivid. The best photos are usually achieved with tampering with the manual settings to get the right photo. Like any good "photographer," you don't take just one picture of the same subject, but multiple to get that one great shot.The smart setting does an admirable job with calculating which setting is best for the current situation. This smart setting works best outside, and inside (if lighting is really good). Smart setting also works well for action shots once it recognizes your subject is moving around a lot. I found that my best shots were achieved with manual settings, but when I'm out and about outside, I stick to the auto-smart setting.The manual settings has many shooting options and they are as follows: Photo Size, Quality, EV, ISO, White Balance, Face Detection, Smart FR Edit, Focus Area, Metering, Photo Style Selector, Smart Filter, Image Adjust, ACB, Drive, DIS, and Voice.From this list, it becomes evident that a good amount of tinkering can find the best setting and that good photo.There is a button to the left of the power button that allows the user to switch between their personal manual settings and the automatic settings. Manual options also include whether to use normal AF, Macro, and Super Macro. The options to choose from multiple flash settings are in both the manual and automatic.My 1 gripe has a both a pro and a con. It is the charger that comes with the camera. It's really short. The con is obviously the length but the con that it's two parts and the one part that I like is the wall-plug itself. It has a USB port so I could probably use it to charge other USB based device via wall outlets (i.e., my iPod) the second part of the cable/charger is camera-to-PC connection (but I personally just use my SD drive in my laptop to transfer photos)Other reviews complained about the door for charger and the memory card but I have had no problems so far.This camera takes very good video as well. I don't use it too often but that's about it. Another small problem is when taking really close macro-shots, make sure you keep your hands as steady as possible or you'll get blurry photos, but do remember to take multiple photos of the same subject and delete the bad ones anyways.I got this camera along with a 4GB Transcend SDHC card for the same price of the camera itself compared at popular retail prices.The camera also arrived much sooner than expected (it actually arrived the same day my SDHC card did)tl;dr Good camera for the price, takes good photos and video, macro shots can be blurry if you're not steady and the charger is a little short.