I upgraded to the Coolpix 5700 last Christmas. My only previous digital experience was derived from using the still frame feature on my camcorder, which was completely automatic. The Coolpix was easy to use, right out of the box. It took me about a half hour to learn the basic controls of the Coolpix, and another half hour to learn the complex functions of it, contrary to the horror stories I've heard of people having a difficult time with learning how to use this camera.  The Coolpix is versatile and powerful. Its 8x optical zoom is incredible, especially for birding and sports, and beats almost every 5-megapixel camera out there. While its digital zoom is a temptation, however, it really isn't necessary and almost certainly will degrade the picture quality. At night, I've shot star trails by activating noise reduction and using a tripod and cable shutter release accessory for the Coolpix camera line. I've even used a special adapter and connected the camera to my telescope, and have obtained wonderful pictures of the moon, nebulae, and the planets. This is made possible because the 5700 has very low noise at its ISO 100 and 200 settings. At my school, I've taken pictures for the yearbook, and when I submitted the prints I made, the moderator asked me about the film I used. The quality of the results clearly matches that of film cameras, as the yearbook moderator didn't even realize I had used digital.  I do however have several gripes. Those who have used SLR cameras will dislike the shutter lag in the camera. Once you press the shutter release button, the camera hesitates before taking the picture. This is a drawback for sports. Also, battery life is short, about 40 minutes to a charge. Furthermore, autofocus can be inaccurate indoors sometimes. This may just be a result of the lighting scheme of my house, but since the camera has no autofocus assist light, focussing is sometimes difficult in poor lighting. Additionally, the noise level in the ISO 400 is moderately high and, at ISO 800, images I've taken are unacceptable for most purposes.  I would not allow these issues, however, to draw you away from the camera. Some won't even be issues for a lot of people. I'd give the camera 4 and a half stars, rounding up to five, because many of the aforementioned minor problems I've had are common in digital cameras and some I've noticed because just I use the 5700 in ways I doubt Nikon even conceived (using it for astrophotography, for instance) In 6 months, I've taken nearly 3,000 pictures with the 5700, and have been beyond satisfied with its overall performance. It can satiate many desires in a camera. The picture quality is absolutely impeccible. If you do purchase this camera, however, do buy at least a 256MB memory card - Nikon only supplies you with a 16MB card, enough to hold 6 pictures at a low compression ratio and full image size. The Coolpix has served me well, and has my highest recommendation.