I was previously a user of DSLR and i got bored of the size of the DSLR camera after using it for some time. Then i found out from my friend that Samsung actually produces a camera called NX-10 which has exactly the same sensor size for DX type DSLR camera.It just took me less than 30 minutes at the shop to decide that this is the right camera for me and let me explain why. Like i said, first of all, i really like the size of this camera, it's not as small as some of the compact point and shoot camera, but it's not as big as the DSLR either. That makes it very easy to tug this small camera into a normal bag without ever needing to carry another separate bag just for DSLR. And next, besides the size, this camera can actually produce pretty good pictures! Yes! with available light at the shop, i took a couple of pics and they all look pretty sharp and amazing! By the way, the unit i tested was using the 35mm f2 pancake lens, i am not sure how the performance will be using the normal kit lens but using the supplied 35mm f2 pancake lens, this camera can really produce pretty neat images! So i am not really going to talk a lot more about other stuff because i think these two main points should be the real reason why you should get this camera, great performance at small size, you won't even feel burden with carrying it around unlike the big chunky DSLR camera.Now, on the negative side, the HD video claimed by the camera, uhmm...well the performance isn't really that great. There's no AF on the video so most of the time, when my subject move either nearer or further away from me, the video gets kinda blur. And the other cons i can think about is the lack of proper flash like what we get from DSLR. I mean you don't have flash commander and you can't get separate flash which can perform tricks such as ceiling bounce flash etc. So what you get is pretty much shooting the flash right on the subject of your pic. The AF speed is not as fast as dSLR but i think it's still usable. And oh yeah, the low light performance is not really that great either, it's acceptable, but beyond iso800, it ain't that good anymore.Basically, i think this camera is really like a direct replacement for the entry level dSLR and i bet the performance is on par with older DSLR such as nikon d40 and nikon d60. In fact the ISO perforomance should be on par with nikon d80 level. So you can roughly expect what you should be getting from this camera.I don't think this camera can totally replace DSLR but yes, at times it feels great to be able to go for a tour and enjoy your holiday without having the need to lug around a big camera when you don't really need it, and yet it produces pretty great images. So come to think of it again, i think this shall be a great complement to your DSLR system.