I bought this camera when it first hit the market. I have been a Canon fan since the late 60's, and although I have used pretty much every film format except 8x10, I have found that the smallest cameras were the ones that were at hand most often. My old Canon G17QL was my first "small" camera with a quality lens, and it still takes good images after 25 years or so. When the Elph APS series came out, I bought one, and I was hooked. It offered far more than the typical point and shoot camera of the day, and sported a great lens protection system, as well as an armored metal body. I carried it in my pocket for several years, and it always gave great results. The only problem was the continuing expense of film. I dreamed of the day when digital technology caught up with film. The wait is over. The S-200 has the diminutive size of the APS Elph cameras, as well as the pocket proof lens protection. It is also all but bulletproof with it's tough stainles steel body. This camera is loaded with quality features. With a 128 meg memory card...it is ready to take 128 gorgeous max resolution pics. The color, exposure, and overall quality of the pictures will amaze you. Even the short movie clips the camera can take are of high quality, and have wonderful sound.There are larger cameras that have similar features for somewhat less money. There are also larger cameras that cost more than the Elph. With the exception of the 4 megapixel S-400 though, I can't think of any that offer better image quality and features in as small and durable a package. Even then, the S-400 costs much more. If the S-200 takes a trip over Niagra falls, it is a lot easier to deal with. I just ordered the new S-400 Elph to satisfy my incurable desire for leading edge photographic toys. It is a little heavier than the S-200, but has all of the latest refinements, including an extended movie mode. It also costs $... Even after it arrives, my S-200 will still be the camera that is always in my pocket, ready to go at a moments notice. Consider this; After eight months of constant abuse (just stuffed into any convenient pocket with keys, dirt, whatever, on a daily basis), it doesn't show any signs of wear. Plastic cameras simply can't compete. The lens door is so well made that despite it's working environment, I have never had dirt penetrate to the lens surface. After taking well over 2,000 photographs, it performs like new, and delivers high quality SLR class images. It makes better 5x7 images than many larger 3 megapixel cameras, and delivers solid 8x10 performance. If you have a computer, you can enjoy and manipulate all of your work without spending a fortune on processing fees.Last, and most important, is the simple truth that this camera is so small and tough that you will carry it with you with no more fuss than a ring of keys. After all, the best SLR in the world is useles if it is sitting at home when a photographic opportunity pops up in front of you. If you can only justify one digital camera for all of your family photographic needs, get the S-200. You will be amazed. If you can justify as many cameras as you would like, get the S-200 or the S-400. I bet it will become your most often used camera.Update (3/23/03). When I ordered the S-400, I also ordered a 24x 250mb Compact Flash card. The 24x refers to how fast the card can store an image. It also determines how fast you can take another picture. I bought this card for the S-400, but the card arrived first, so I tried it in my S-200. At the time the S-200 was made, 128 meg was the largest card available, and I wasn't sure if a larger card would work properly. The results were fantastic. The S-200 had no problem recognizing the 250mb card right out of the box. The 24x write speed makes taking sequential photos without flash seem like a motor drive was installed (sequential flash photo speed is limited by flash recharge time on any camera). Best of all, the S-200 with the 256mb memory card will take over 250 (that's right, 250!) max resolution photos without having to download or carry a spare memory card. That could well be an entire vacations' worth of pictures in the palm of your hand.The price of the S-200 has dropped since I bought it. The cost of high speed 256mb Compact flash memory today is about what I paid for the 128mb card when I bought the camera. This makes the combination an even better value than before. If cash is no problem, buy the S-400. It is simply awesome with the quantity of up to date features packed into the tiny steel case, but if you prefer an album full of beautiful 5x7 or 8x10 prints from an inexpensive pocket dynamo, but this combination. You won't regret it. By the way, there are many brands of Compact Flash memory available, and several offer high speed. The brand I bought was Lexar. I'm sure others will work just fine, but Lexar offered the fastest (24x) at the time, and I know it works with the Canon line. They also include a USB adapter with the 256mb card, so if you don't happen to have a CF card reader built into your PC or laptop, you can download your images to any computer with a USB port without special software or cables. A nice touch if you are away from home and want to email your pictures from a library or internet cafe.