I had a Olympus D-360L prior, an excellent camera, but no zoom. I looked at the Canon S400, Pentax 555, Sony T1, Kyocera 300L.  The Pentax had speed issues, the Sony was expensive, the Kyocera had no optical viewfinder and I did not like the split LCD, lens system which I thought would be  difficult to control / coordinate.  The Canon was almost my choice, but it was a little slower, more expensive, and the Minolta supported SD and memory stick formats.  I have a Sony Clie SJ-22 that I wanted to display pictures with, using memory sticks.The Minolta is tiny, I can fit it into a case intended only for memory cards (Lowepro).  It is also lightnening fast, I cannot see how much faster a camera could be.  You slide the door, bring the camera to your eye, align the image, and shoot, there is no delay, another picture can be taken with only a 1-2 second (roughly) delay at normal settings.The directional and telephoto buttons allow you to magnify and move the image on the LCD, the image moves on the screen without any blurring.  The display of images is very fast.The issue of autofocus in low light is somewhat apparent, but actually not that much different than my Olympus.  The camera does seem to struggle a little in low light,-some autofocus delays, some exposure issues, but to me these are almost imperceptible, and I suspect they would be to most people.  I suspect most compact digital cameras struggle in low light situations.Overall, outdoor picture quality is excellent, indoor is very good. Relative my olympus, there is not a huge difference, until you start to magnify images, and the greater resolution is evident.There are small issues with opening the camera cover, initially I found it a little difficult to get a good grip but I now have no problems.The menu system is not the best in terms of organization, but it is redundant (the same settings are available on many screens), and I have not had problems quickly changing settings.This is an excellent, compact, fast camera that unlike my old Olympus D360L, I can carry everywhere, in my shirt pocket if I want.  It may not be a good choice for someone not used to digital gadgets, but anyone with experience with computers or PDA's should enjoy this camera.Update 12/05:I feel even better about this camera now.  I've traveled all over the world with it, and it has performed well.  The selection button on the back has started to loosen, but otherwise no mechanical problems at all.I've used the video function more than I though I would initially.  Since I can carry the camera easily, I can catch unexpected events-the Air Force Thunderbirds flew over my car in Maine and I caught the event very well on the camera.The voice recorder allows you to annotate your photos.  You can document entire trips with just this camera alone.Update October 2007: My G400 was stolen from my house <sigh>.  A great camera, it was still working well when it was stolen-except for a single loose button. I used it all over the world. If you see one, used, for sale in eastern or central Massachusetts,call me.