I'm a big fan of Amazon and over the years have bought many things from this site. This is only the second time I've written a review as I feel compelled to share my experience of this wonderful little camera.First of all, I own a Coolpix 4500, so I am familiar with Nikon. I had it for several years and despite the fun using it and excellent pictures when I used it right, it was ultimately a frustrating camera-too big, very slow, with complex menus too troublesome to access. Like a previous reviewer and his 99x series, I too, found myself hardly using a lot of the available settings on that camera.So when time came to switch cameras, I vowed to pick a different brand. I have used a Canon A-series from work, used and returned a Casio v7. I wanted something zippy, small. After using these cameras, I realized size was the most important to me, next was the manual controls. I didn't want a straight up point and shoot, I enjoy creative control with my camera. After returning the v7 I realized I wanted it durable.Canon's A-series cameras did not appeal to me, I do not enjoy AA batteries, I find it cumbersome and awkward. I've used one from work where the lens were starting to have problems and I didn't like the construction of it. The Casio's greatest strengths were its slim build, lens that did not retract, really speedy and great movie mode. Plus it had a 7x zoom and all manual (albeit limited) control. But it was far too fragile and pictures were often soft and blurry in low light.I went to a local store with these three things in mind:1. Small/pocketable2. Full Manual control3. Good IQ4. Reasonably pricedI wanted it speedy of course, but figured that I would be happy with somewhere between my old sloooow 4500 and the superfast v7.The camera guy at the show showed me only two models: the 5100 and the g9. These are the two with fully manual functions. I knew about the Canon-A series but AA batteries are out of the question for me. I had my mind set on venturing beyond Nikon but when I picked up the 5100 it had me hooked. There is nothing like holding this camera in real life and trying it out. Everyone is right when they say this. It is something special.The G9 I know is supposed to be a superb camera, but I was not paying 500 dollars for it and it was not quite pocketable. I hemmed and hawed about getting another Casio for its small size/manual functions.Here's my take on the 5100 after having it for nearly three weeks. It is a great little thing. The size is unbelievable for what it can do. The image quality is great-you will notice this immediately. It is consistently well-exposed and sharp. Easily tweaked to fit personal tastes. Its terribly fun to use because there are so many buttons on the outside to easily access settings. No fiddling in menus.The infamous autofocus lag-well its there, but only in low contrast/light situations. There are ways to go about it that's already been discuss: prefocus, or force centered focus. The latter really makes a difference.Shutter lag-none. When focused, there is NO apparent shutter lag. I own the camera. I do know what I'm saying.What the camera does well, it does very well. Size, ergonomics, handling is excellent. Image quality is really great. It is VERY reasonably priced. It has fully manual controls: p,a,s,m modes, this is no token-2-fstop-option. I do not know of any other pocketable camera with such a feature set.Go pick one up at the store. Try it in your hand. It caught me totally by surprise.