*** ALERT: This is NOT a technical review. ***I spent almost a year reading about different point-and-shoot digital cameras.Talked to a few professional photographer friends for their suggestions and input.Had a few cameras on one of my Amazon wishlists for a while before removing them after a couple of months because I didn't feel the same way about them after the time lapse.Tinkered with a few point-and-shoots at every electronics store I found myself in.Two weeks ago the list got narrowed down to the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FH25 and the Nikon Coolpix S8100. Back to an electronics store we went. I struggled with the menu on the Nikon, then it dawned on me that what I really wanted in a camera was simplicity without too much of a compromise on features. When I picked up the Lumix DMC-FH25, I liked it instantly. The locations of all the buttons felt right. The flash was not in the way. Without access to a user guide at the store, I pressed each button and figured out what its purpose was. The husband glanced through a few of the MANY available shooting modes and was pretty impressed. I ordered the camera from Amazon a few days later.This camera is perfect for my needs. I don't want to be a professional photographer. I don't take pictures to enter them into contests. I don't intend to decorate our home with poster-size reprints of landscapes. I don't mind at all that the Lumix DMC-FH25 doesn't have a lot of room for manual maneuverability. I do like -- very much at that -- that this camera was easy to learn (with a little help from the husband because I got impatient, lol). I am excited about the shooting modes (the one named "Food" made me laugh out loud)! I also like that a simple description scrolls across the bottom of the LCD screen when you select each shooting mode, so you know what the mode does best. I like that it's small and it fits comfortably in my small hand. I am also pleased with how quickly pictures are taken and stored so I can move on to the next shot (I ordered Transcend's Class 10 8GB SDHC card with this camera).There are SO MANY digital cameras out there. If you want something simple with a few bells and whistles but will not frustrate you with a steep learning curve, the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FH25 is worth considering.UPDATE on 11/25/2011: Still enjoying this little powerhouse of a point-and-shoot digital camera after a month of use. Experimented with Normal picture mode to an extent and decided my photography skills are simply nothing to write home about, so I switched to iAuto mode full-time. Uploaded two pictures taken yesterday (Thanksgiving) and today in the image gallery for this camera. The Thanksgiving picture is the one of the coffee mug and flowers. The other picture is of our Lab/Shepherd who was just trying to take a nap in the sunlight that poured into our kitchen.Video-taking with this camera is also easy to manage. Yes, you cannot zoom in or out while shooting the video. Some may find this an annoyance, while others will not be hindered. I have taken two 30-second videos with this camera so far and the playback quality is excellent. The camera's mic also picks up the volume of chatter in the video more than capably. Color reproduction is sharp and vibrant as well.