I have owned this camera since March of '05, so I've had time to use it under a variety of conditions.  As of today, I have shot just under 4,000 shots with favorably mixed results.The best photos are great, with good color saturation, sharpness and overall quality.I shoot at low compression JPEG, "Extra Image Quality," 8MB file-size, which translates to a usually selected ASA equivalent of 50.  Even with "Vibration Reduction," I use support most of the time.  Normally, I either shoot in Program mode, varying exposure compensation and bracketing a lot or Aperture Mode to control depth of field, also bracketing.  After some experimentation, I found that most of the other bells and whistles are of limited use, at best.I almost never use the built-in flash unit, which, as with all built-in flash units, destroys image quality.  As an experiment, I also purchased an SB600, which works well mounted on camera, but drains the camera batteries after a few shots with the recommended remote cord.  I can compensate by triggering it on-camera, in Aperture Mode, set to way underexpose and using my SB-26 flashes as slaves at the correct exposure.  This leads to some major experimentation and some frustration.The L-Ion battery included with the camera is too weak for anything other than backup.  I had to purchase an MB-CP1 battery base so I could use easily replaceable NIMH batteries.  The base also adds balance and vertical shooting and zooming capabilities, similar to the units my Nikon film cameras use.  However, it is not very surdy by other MB standards.  Both jeweler's screws which held the tripod mount broke, and I had to super glue it back in the field.I have a website: (see my personal info) which is devoted to fine nature and wildlife photography and I always try to make my work the best possible.  This camera has been a useful, but a very flawed addition to my equipment.It was intended to replace a heavy field-pack at times, and it does, to some extent, under good conditions.My hope was that high-quality imagery in a purely digital mode would compensate for scratched film, high processing costs, and time consumptive scanning with film cameras.  This is the only catagory where I would give it five stars.  Productivity is really up.The camera has too many bogus "program modes," a completely bogus built-in flash, semi-bogus LCD-viewing, although the multi-position screen has come in as a useful appendage at times.The autofocus is often frustrating.  The Normal, Distant and Near-focus switch, which is useful, is positioned in a really bad place where it often gets changed from pressure of the left hand, which can destroy photos without your realizing that it has changed. I lost a whole series of shots of a snowshoe hare in a snow storm because the LCD viewfinder wasn't detailed enough to show me the focus had shifted to near-only.If I carry my whole kit, including the camera, battery base, lens hood HN-CP14, SB600, extra batteries, compact flash cards and filters, my field pack is only 10 lbs or less heavier.  Of course, there is always a very sturdy tripod.Since I wrote this review I have begun to ready a large one artist show and in printing some 13X19" pieces I have noticed some sharpness fall-off toward the edges and corners.  This is not acceptable.  I had planned to include a few 30X40" prints, but I may have to use pieces shot with medium format film cameras instead of this ever-increasingly disappointing camera.In general, this is a camera which is capable of taking some awesome photos under the right conditions.  It has some really decent features, but many superfluous, unneeded, time-wasting and generally silly features.It will become the "grab-camera" that I keep in my trunk very soon.  I will be replacing it with a true DSLR that works with my normal lenses, although my field pack will get heavier again.