I got this camera for taking on trips outdoors. I wanted something small that was water proof. Everything works well and the pictures during a sunny day are great. When there is less light, it suffers a bit.Auto mode picture taking is ok but I wish there were manual modes. It is tough to get the picture I want at night.ISO 400 and above is grainier than other compact cameras.The pictures are a bit soft but reproducible to nice prints.Water proof in the surf. You should definitely give it a fresh water rinse after use. Make sure that there is no sand in the lens cover. I heard that it would get stuck but I have not experienced this yet.It is a bit heavy for the size but it is really heavy duty I suppose for the impact resistance.XD cards are a little more expensive but it comes with an adapter to use micro SD cards. You can get 2gb micro SD for $7.99. This will allow for some serious pictures but make sure you have an extra battery to fill the card.Video mode only does 10 seconds at the higher frames per second mode which sucks but the XD-m and other newer XD-h allow for longer videos in the higher resolution modes. Ten seconds is ok because we don't do to much video with the camera. You can get more time at the 15 frames per second mode at 640x480 if needed. I will get some XD-m+ cards later for video at the highest rating later. It is just cool to be filming a video while surfing and in the tube action vid.Battery power is pretty good and sustains at prescribed projections by Olympus.Overall I really like this camera but there are little things that make it so I can't give it 5 stars so it gets 4. For a point and shoot in swamps of Mexico, deserts of the Mojave, Oceans of the pacific kayaking or surfing, and at the size it comes in and with an optional floating camera strap, it is a great camera for $280. The floating strap was $15 which was pretty good. It would really suck if it was dropped and sank to the bottom of the ocean while surfing or snorkeling.I have a Canon SD300 that takes way better quality pictures because of the manual modes, but it is very fragile. I broke 2 of them but good thing I purchased the warranty. This is a dry land camera and the size is great but not water proof. When I take this out to the beach, the salt air affects it and seems to clog it up. I have a water proof box for it but it is big and bulky. The 1030sw is the ultimate outdoors person camera. There is a pentax optio that is water proof but it is a bit bigger. Size is a big concern for us being we need something small and stealthy to fit in our gear.I also have an older Olympus C-3020 that takes awesome pictures and has more of a manual mode. Of course the lens is bigger and the pictures at 3.2 megapixels are crisper. This camera is pretty big and it tough to take around hiking on trips. It still works really well.When I got this 1030sw from Amazon, I should have ordered the accessories with it but forgot until later. They shipped really fast and I was pretty happy about it.I would recommend this camera for anybody that is into outdoors h20 sports or the likes, but be aware of the camera not allowing for full manual mode. It is just a small compact point and shoot camera built tough.4 stars given - If olympus fixed and added the things that were addressed here, they could sell a ton of these and would warrant 5 stars plus.Have fun shopping for your camera :)