I have a big and bulky Nikon Coolpix 8700 camera but I needed something handy for my sightseeing trip to Japan.  After looking over about a dozen smaller cameras, I picked this one. I haven't regretted it my decision!First, the looks of it: It is the most awesome hi-tech looking camera I've ever seen!  And it feels sturdy (all metal case).  Not cheap like some plastic body cameras.  It feels "expensive"!I've had people compliment me on the camera and ask about it.Next: it is so tiny!  And I really didn't need 8MP for snapshots. The 3MP of this camera has is quite enough for snapshots.  The camera has an internal memory but you'll really need a memory card (I bought 512Mb card).  I also bought a leather carrying case which can be strapped to a belt.  That is how I was carrying it most of the time.  Camera is also small enough to be stuffed into a shirt pocket.The LCD screen is very big and easy to see in all conditions except in direct sunlight shining from the back.Also, the tiny LiIon battery has an incredible life.  I just put it in the charging cradle every night and took pictures all day. Never ran out of power.While on the cradle, it can be hooked up to your computer via a USB bus.  I don't even use any of the software which came with the camera.  My PC sees the camera as a USB storage device.  I just manually copy the images wherever I want and then edit them using my favorite Image Editing software,It has zillion of features (most of which I'll probably never use).  But I did play around with it to see what can be done.With a little tripod and some setting changes, you can also take some great night shots (using the timer release of course).  When used in this mode, the shutter's open time is longer than normal and it processes the picture differently, making it quite a bit less grainy than when taking night shots using standard shooting modes.I also love the quick power up, quick focus and no shutter lag!And the way all the controls are laid out is very intuitive and easy to learn.There are many other features and other items already covered by other reviewers - so I won't go into them.Things I wish the camera did better:LCD display in low light conditions is quite dark (it doesn't "brighten" the display like some other cameras do).Since it is so tiny, it has a very weak flash.  It doesn't do well in dimly lit rooms if the subjects are not right close to the camera.  But, this is not surprising considering the size of this camera (no room for a big capacitor) and the flash tube itself is miniscule.  Also, part of the problem here is that the largest aperture of the tiny lens is F4. Pictures taken in the dark can also be a bit grainy. But in daylight this camera works great.The lack of full printed manual is also a negative.  Nice full manual is included on the CD (in pdf format) but you only get a skimpy printed manual which doesn't cover any of those more advanced features.  I already know the basics.  And while some people can deal with manuals viewed on the computer screen, I really need a paper manual. So, I printed it and had it bound.  It helped me quite a bit to gain the insight into all the features.So far I've taken hundreds of pictures (and some movies) with it and I am extremely happy with this tiny CASIO! No mechanical problems either.  As people in New England say: Wick'd awesome!And CASIO has been making digital cameras for a very long time.  In the mid 90s I've bought a QV-100 (which I still have, and it still works).  That was a first digital camera made which used LCD screen and had a tiltable lens!  It had a mind-blowing VGA (640x480) resolution!  :-)  And it downloaded pictures via a serial port.  Now, CASIO is still making great, leading-edge products.