The Olympus D-380 is my first digital camera.  I did my research, using online reviews and consumer publications.  I wanted something high quality, user-friendly, and well built, at a reasonable price.  I concluded that Olympus makes products that fit my criteria.  This camera is everything I hoped it would be and more!Upon opening the box, I was pleased to find an attractive, sturdily constructed camera.  Though there's nothing cheap-looking about it (it's all classy looking metallic surfaces), it is very lightweight and comfortable in my hand.  The lens cover slides with precision and covers the lens securely (many of the cameras in this price range don't have an integrated lens cover).  The wrist strap attaches easily.  The covers for the battery compartment, memory card, and USB and AC adapters are well designed and look as if they will last a long time.  This camera is manufactured in Japan.It took only about a minute, after scanning the "Quick Start" guide, to insert the included batteries and SmartMedia memory card and start taking pictures.  The very first picture I took was a keeper; I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality.  I handed the camera to my 6-year-old son, who snapped off a shot of my daughter and me, which I then printed on glossy photo paper.  It looks so nice that I'm actually going to frame it and hang it on the wall.  I have since taken pictures at all the different resolutions, and all look great when viewed on the computer.  I have settled on the 1024 x 768 setting as my "standard", since it matches the resolution of my monitor, and makes for reasonable file sizes (around 180 KB per photo).  640 x 480 works great for e-mail, and 1600 x 1200 turns out beautiful results for printing, or those special occasion "keepsakes".  Even the QuickTime movie mode does a decent job, certainly much better than those grainy webcam captures.There is a 5X digital zoom (no optical).  I detect a little graininess when using it, but for the money, it's fine and it's simple to use.I am running Windows 2000 Pro, and setup for transferring files to the computer couldn't have been easier.  Simply plug the USB cable into the camera, then into the computer.  That's it!  Open My Computer and you'll find a new removable storage drive.  From there it's a simple matter of dragging and dropping files to wherever you want to store them.  You can delete the files from the SmartMedia card from your computer, which is easier than doing it with the camera.  The included Camedia software looked fun, but I haven't had a need to use it yet, so I can't comment on its functionality.I received a free 32 MB Viking SmartMedia card from Amazon with this camera.  Together with the 8 MB card in the box with the camera, this is enough storage for roughly 200 photos at 1024 x 768.  The only thing I needed to buy to complete my setup was a carrying case.I highly recommend this camera to anyone looking to enter the world of digital photography.  It is stylish, extremely easy to use, very well constructed, takes excellent pictures, and is an unbeatable value!