You don't 'take' a picture with the X1. You Make A Photograph. The spot metering, color accuracy, response to difficult light, ease of handling shot parameters (other than framing of course) make this a scintillating box indeed. I've always tried to coax the most I could out of whatever camera was in my hand. I began with my dad's AE-1 Program, which was like cheating. I didn't know what I didn't know because the camera made up for so much of my own deficiency. But I learned to look for the shot with that camera.Been shooting for the last 20 years with a Speed Graphic. Now, that is a machine that will force you to learn stuff, and reward you for learning it right. And it does the highest-resolution digital photography in the world--just use fine-grain film, give your image a good sized enlargement, and scan it piece by piece. I have dozens of my favorites stored on my hard drive done in this way. I shudder to think of the equivalent megapixel count it would take to get these.I have been looking (and looking, and looking) for a digital camera that can make photographs in the digital realm like a Speed Graphic can do with modern film in the analog world. I've just about given up on that. But this little tiny camera (compared to the Graflex) does some amazing things. The lens is typical Leica--stop it down above 6 and you can't help but get some razor sharp keepers. Fixed-lens cameras, properly made, are the sharpest cameras in the world. With the X1 it's down to your ability. The camera isn't going to get in the way.I prefer to post process in Lightroom with Leica's RAW format. It seems the codec was devised with Lightroom in mind. I get much better results than with other image processing software.If you paid attention in art class, can compose an image properly, and understand how and why to adjust everything on this camera (there isn't really much) then you can turn out images suitable for publication, even magazine covers, with the X1. I use my string tripod a lot, just to try to increase my number of keeper shots. It's good for several stops of slowing down the shot if you use it right. Not bad for a piece of parachute cord. And it fits with the mission of this camera: minimalist.This camera fits me right to the core. I've always been about simple equipment allowing me to focus all my attention on the artistic fundamentals of good photography. Some may complain about the slow handling of this camera. But while you're drilling down eight menus to adjust a white balance trim on your fancy SLR, me and my "slow" X1 got your shot and a few others besides.This purchase really worried my wife. But after displaying some of my shots in the house and winning some prizes and getting admiring comments from her friends upon seeing my work hanging in my house, she agrees this was a good purchase for us.Above all, if you're going to buy this camera, you're committing to be a photographer. It's an adventure that will yield some immediate success but only hint at what more work will coax out of you.The X1 motivates me to get out and shoot. The Graflex used to, but it is so heavy and cumbersome to set up on its rail tripod that going out to shoot is really a commitment. This guy is like carrying a little point and shoot, but lets you get images that can surpass your DSLR work.I love it, and when I get the hang of it it's going with me on a wedding gig.