There's really no point in my adding yet another review to the ones that are here already.  This camera's features have already been described and rated more than adequately.  However, I do want to address a few of the problems that others have described, which are either the result of misuse or could easily be remedied.1.  The camera is too slippery:  Lensmate sells an adhesive finger grip for $32 that is so well designed, it looks like part of the camera.  It allows it to be held one-handed, and places your fingers in the right place.  Granted, Canon should have designed the camera with something similar already molded in place, but this is a simple fix that enhances handling immensely.2.  The shutter button is in the wrong place:  This means you're holding the camera incorrectly.  With your middle finger on the Lensmate grip and your thumb against the little notch in back on the upper right, your index finger will fall right onto the shutter button.  Maybe Canon should have included a section in the manual on how to hold the camera.3.  The flash is in the wrong place, and can be damaged by your left index finger:  You should not be holding the camera that way.  The control ring around the lens is a great feature; your left hand should be holding the camera there, not on the body like it's a gigantic credit card.4.  It's too easy to accidentally turn the exposure control ring in back and mess up a shot:  For $5, Lensmate sells a plastic ring that sticks on around the control ring and prevents this from happening; if anything, it makes it a little difficult to turn the control ring at all - you have to use a fingernail or the entire surface of your thumb to move it with the stick-on ring in place.  Also, with your other fingers where they are supposed to go, nothing should be near the control ring anyway.The really great thing about this camera is that with the two control rings, you have more options to make changes fast enough to get shots you might have otherwise missed.  This is the difference between a point and shoot and a dslr - the dslr has knobs and buttons to change white balance, ISO, aperture, and shutter speed, while a point and shoot requires you to root through menus to make the same changes, assuming they're available at all.  The control rings on the s90 provide some of the manual control of a dslr without the size.  It's said that the best camera in the world is useless if you don't have it with you.  It's a major commitment to lug around a dslr and possibly two or three lenses - you have to be in the frame of mind to say "I'm a photographer and I'm going out today to take pictures."  Meanwhile, the s90's tiny size allows it to fit into a shirt pocket.  It's also less obtrusive for street photography - in environments where a dslr with a cannon-sized lens would draw too much attention or intimidate some subjects, the s90 looks like a crappy point and shoot, one step above a cell phone camera.Now that the s90 has been around for a few years, other manufacturers have copied the dual control-ring idea, and Canon has already come out with several newer versions.  These are only incrementally better than the s90.  If you don't have one, the next-to-the-last is probably fine; if you already have a s90, there's no need to upgrade to its successors.Obviously, the s90 won't have the versatility of a full dslr setup; it's not going to work as well for low light or sports photography, and of course it's limited to the built-in lens.  But for a go-anywhere camera with more controls than other units of the same size, it's a great choice.