I purchased this camera in early december 2009. I have had it a few weeks. I bought it because of reviews that I had read and because on my previous overseas excursions I brought the cumbersome Nikon D70. I had never been interested in a 'point and shoot' camera before because of what I perceived as the lack of controls for shutter speed and f stop. Now, I am travelling and it is truly a pleasure and joy to have it strapped on my belt almost all of the time. I have now shot about 300 images.What 'sold' me on this one was also the high regard in the reviews that I read for the special 'low light' setting. It really does enable the photographer to shoot in low light situations and although there is typical color shifts, the resolution and lack of pixalation is quite good. It is very cool to have that option. Also, it is very small and Canon makes a case that is perfect to strap on your belt. It is so light and easy to carry that I bring it with me day and night.I had read many previous reviews that thought the 'wheel' control on the back of the camera was too loose and that it may change your settings too easily. At first, I thought this may be true but after some experimentation, I realized it was a genius design if you use "Manual" setting and also for flipping thru your saved photos and viewing them.The beauty of the wheel is that when you are shooting in Manual mode, you can spin the wheel to control the shutter speed. This allows you to look at the image and see it progress from light to dark or vice a versa. In my experience, the shutter speed doesn't matter as long as you are not shooting moving objects as long as you can control camera 'shake'. The f stop is the creative control for most images and you set that via the control ring around the neck of the lens in the front. Using the control ring for movement frees the photographer from thinking about 'the average meter reading and the plus one minus one, etc. that usually happens with an slr. Then you have to check depth of field and it is at least a two step process to see the effects.If you want to change depth of field, you will have to move the ring in the front, but you can see the effects right away and you can easily change the feeling of light with the 'loose' wheel in the back by changing shutter speeds.The other advantage of the loose wheel in the back is for viewing your saved photos. There are at least two ways to view them. One is by tapping the left side of the wheel to go backward and the right side to go forward. However, by using the wheel and rotating the wheel which moves very easily, you can quickly go thru many photos like you are flipping thru a deck of cards.Another recommended adjunct to the Powershot is the Canon case I purhcased which is specifically for this model camera. If you have a belt on, it slips securely onto the belt and is very easy to open and close. So convenient and compact and solid.The only thing lacking at this point for me is a smooth transition for the zoom lens. I use the control at the top and it is a little jerky and hard to control for exact framing. There may be an alternative method which I haven't discovered yet.This is my first point and shoot and it is a winner. Highly recommended.