I'm a working photographer, and Olympus has always had a good reputation among my fellow professionals for making high-quality, inexpensive point-and-shoot film cameras. I've known many folks who packed an Olympus Stylus in their pocket, in addition to their regular high-end camera gear, for quick grab shots and the like. It seems that for the most part, this high regard can be extended to Olympus's digital point-and-shoot cameras as well.I'm planning some extended travels, and though I'll be using my film cameras for the majority of my photography, I also wanted to bring an inexpensive digital camera to email a few snapshots back home. I previously had used several other Olympus digital cameras, including the D-380, and had been pleased with all of them, so when I found a D-520 at a reasonable price I jumped on it.And after a few weeks of general use, I'm happy with the performance of the D-520. Colors are rendered with good saturation and accuracy, especially in sunlight, and the images are sharper and clearer than I expected for a digital camera at this price, particularly at the higher resolutions. The various controls are fairly intuitive once you get used to them, and while I wish there were a few more manual options, there's a good set of control choices for an entry-level camera. Plus it's small - even smaller than the D-380, which doesn't have a zoom lens. It fits easily into my pants pocket or shirt pocket, which is great for travelling.The downsides, though there are a few, are mostly minor. The flash pops out and sits there in a bit of an awkward spot, and there's no way to put it back in its slot while the camera's on, even if you've turned the flash off. Frankly, I can't see any good reason why they didn't just leave it embedded in the camera body like they did on most of this camera's cousins. The rubber flap over the USB and video ports seems a bit fiddly and prone to breaking off, but that's not a big deal to me. And the flash sometimes takes a while to charge up again after a photo, but since it runs off just 2 AA batteries I guess that was the trade-off Olympus made for smaller size and weight.It's not a perfect camera, but it's probably one of the better options available in this price range. The Olympus D-520 is a good camera for a beginner, or for someone who won't miss having full manual controls and other creative options in their camera. Its 2-megapixel resolution is well more than adequate for email and the web (which is how I plan to use it) or for 4x6-size snapshots. Those who demand more control and more options, or who plan to print out 5x7, 8x10, or larger enlargements might want to seek out a model with higher resolution.If you do get this camera, drop the extra $50 or so and spring for an accessory 128mb smartmedia card. The included 16mb card is too small for anything but short photo excursions, while the 128mb card will give you all the space you'll ever need - on the D-520 it holds well over 250 pictures, even at high resolution. You could save a few bucks and get a 64mb card instead, but in my opinion the extra cost is more than worth it to get twice as much storage space in return.