I love my ZS3.  First of all, I am not a camera person.  I don't want to have to go to school to learn how to operate a camera.  I want a point and shoot that takes great pictures with only a push of the button from me.  I want a camera that forgives my shaky hands.  I want a camera that can figure out the best way to to take the picture without me going through a ton of menus trying to figure out what they mean--and missing the perfect shot.  AND, I want a camera I can throw in my purse and not really know it is there.I began my pursuit of the perfect camera in February of this year.  I started with a bias towards sony as I have always had a sony.  So, I purchased the top of the line sony point and shoot that wasn't a touch screen.  Let's just say, I was horribly, horribly, horribly disappointed and would rather have a 35 mm disposable than that camera.  Panasonic had great reviews and camera people that I spoke to spoke highly of it.  But at that time, the tz5 was out and not this.  I found out about this and waited and waited.  I was holding out for this camera over the tz5 because the zoom was greater and the video allowed you to zoom while you were taking it.  So, I can't compare this to the TZ5 in real life--just from what I read.I haven't had this camera very long so I can't give tons of detail.  But one thing that struck me was that I was able to take a beautiful picture of my family about 15 feet away when the lights were very dim in the room.  The sony couldn't even do that when the lights were bright in the room.  I didn't expect that of this camera--after all, it is just a point and shoot with a simple flash.  I was blown away.The other thing that I loved is that I took shot after shot, close up, far away, zoom, and macro.  I left the camera on the intelligent setting and it took each picture great.  I had one picture that was slightly blurry but i think it was my dogs fault because he was moving some.  Although it is quite possible that someone with better picture taking skills would have gotten a fine shot.I hooked the camera up to my mac via the included cable and effortlessly downloaded the pictures into iphoto.  I have not yet figured out the process for downloading video to the mac--although based on other reviews here, it can be done.  I am looking forward to being able to do that.  the video this camera took seemed superior to my camcorder (but it is about 5 years old).  More importantly, for me, is the fact that I don't have to miss video shots because i didn't lug my camcorder around.Another thing to note is that if you change the size of the MP, you can increase the optical zoom.  With 10MP it zooms 12X but with 3 MP (i think), it zooms 21 times.  Since I don't take pictures so that I can blow them up to poster size, reducing the MP isn't a problem for me.  And I can see great benefit to having 21X OPTICAL zoom.Over the last few months of searching for the perfect camera I have read many reviews, talked to many people and I certainly feel that I have made a wise decision.  I also think it is worth every penny--even if you have to pay full retail price.I did choose to get the extended warranty because with the TZ5 there were some reports of the shutter not always opening or the zoom breaking.  I never got the impression it was a large amount of cameras with the problem but I didn't want to risk it.  I haven't heard those same reports with the ZS3, but it is still very new so I wanted to be cautious.UPDATE:  after playing with the camera another day, we discovered the AF locking feature.  I don't know what that means and don't care to look in the manual--but what it does is astounding.  you push the button to lock in on the subject object you want to get a picture of.  the subject can be moving--i moved my head around in circles nonstop, rocked back and forth, etc.  and the picture took a clear picture of me--how did that happen?  I didn't stop moving.  Then we tried it while making the camera go in circles but the object stayed in place.  we also bounced the camera--again, clear pictures----WOW.  You could take great pictures while riding a bumpy train!  I didn't know about this feature when I bought the camera and I have to say that this is an awesome, exciting surprise!!  I can't wait to find out if there are any more!Also, I was able to turn off the sound through the menu and I don't notice the motor motor noise zooming in and out since then.  I also turned off the sound effect of it clicking when taking a picture.  Some people complained about the zooming sound and it was loud out of the box.  Instructions for turning off the noise is in the instruction booklet in an easy to understand way.After using this camera, I have discovered how much I was missing by not having a wide angle lens.  this is the widest angle lens  that I could find on point and shoot cameras.  I didn't realize how much of the shot I missed with just a regular lens until I compared it to this.This is such an awesome camera, I wish everyone could have one.