Its an exciting little camera and is definitely an eye grabber with with its 3.5" LCD display. I was initially a bit reluctant to buy this one seeing the reviews on CNet and other sites. Yes, the image quality is not worth $400 and  you can get the same images for 100 bucks less but its sporty look and finish is what made me crave for this beauty. The red metallic frame looks very funky. People actually come to you and start chatting about the camera when they see T300 in your hand. This has happened to me more  than once. It does not have protruding lens system and can still go upto 5x zoom which is very helpful for some special shots. The little zoom knob on the top corner is very simple to use and makes the zooming experience a lot better. The sliding cover is good but it is not comfortable to grab the camera while taking a shot as it is too thin to maintain a good grip. I had a canon SD1000 and the quality of images is much better with T300. It has a lot of good features like multi-mode face detection and smile shutter (though smile shutter is practically of no use as it is a very limited technology) It is highly portable and ultra compact.Now the pinch of salt. The images are not very crisp at the corners and higher ISO pics look like they have been painted by a novice. It has a lot of modes to chose from but it gets really bad at night when you want to shoot both the subject and the background. If you use the flash, background gets washed and if you use the night mode, the subject is not very clear. In all other conditions this camera gives good pictures. I have tried some really difficult snaps and this camera has delivered. Also  the time taken to save an image (even at the highest image quality) is too small and you can take another pic within 2 seconds. The hyped touch screen display lives upto your expectations. Though its not highly sensitive and there is a learning time associated with this technology, once you get a feel of it, its really very simple and a fun to use. I really hated these buttons and knobs on previous cameras but the menus in T300 are simple to use. Yes you have to confirm after each n every adjustment you make using the touch screen. This may be irritating at times but unavoidable. Also it lacks a view-finder and i cant use my standard SD card with this as it uses a patented memory stick duo technology. This further adds to the cost of purchasing T300.Overall, if you want a designer camera, be the center of attention in a party and don't mind spending 400 bucks for making the experience of taking quality pictures fun, T300 is definitely for you. However don't expect the image quality to be at par with SLR's and if you are really into photography this would look like a child's toy.