After reading these reviews I am starting to wonder if we are even discussing the same camera; people either love it or hate it. I am of the former persuasion: I really love this camera. No, it's not perfect, but all in all it is the best digital non-SLR machine I've ever used. First I'll discuss the things I'm not happy with; then I'll cover the features of which I am. After that section I'll address some of the complaints that I've read in some of the other reviews. Let's get started:What don't I like? I do wish the buttons on the side of the barrel were moved as they are a bit too easy to push by mistake, though once you get used to their location that sort of goes away. I also wish the tripod mount was directly in-line with the lens, not in the middle of the bottom of the case (though to be fair, that's the way it is with most cameras).Nikon refers to the included 16 MB Compact Flash card (think of it as your digital film, if you aren't familiar with the digital camera world) as a "starter card"; and that unfortunately is true. 16 MB only holds 12 pics at 5 megapixels.. For the price of this instrument I strongly feel Nikon could include a larger capacity card; 64 MB or higher would be ideal but I'd settle for 32. Finally, it would be nice if the camera would accept other forms of media in addition to the compact flash or micro drive. However, this final observation isn't really a major complaint. It's more like a wish.The things I lovePicture quality is first rate! The color and clarity of the pics are superb, as is the tolerance of slight hand shake. I've taken quite a few snaps where I've known I moved my hand a little at the last moment, and the pics came out razor sharp (not so with other cams). It has auto bracketing (it will take a series of shots that vary between a range you select for white balance/exposure, adjusting slightly between shots, and display the results with the data, allowing you to choose which is the most satisfying), best shot selector (you hold the shutter release button down and the 5700 takes a series of pics-up to 10-and saves the best focused to the card), image sharpening, noise reduction, and about a million other settings. It also allows you to save up to three sets of options or settings as "user settings", so you can recall the settings with just one menu choice, instead of resetting everything again.One of my favorite features is the macro mode. You can take sharp amazing snaps up to 3 cm or 0.8". If any of you are interested in seeing a sample, send me an email.The printed user guide is good; not great, but good. I haven't seen any that were better, and quite a few that were worse. You could buy a third party guide to the 5700, and they are usually worth the price, as they give you tips and lessons that the manual doesn't include. Also, the Nikon web site has a multimedia manual/lesson feature for the 5700, and it is a very good overview and covers the basics well. This is provided free of charge.The case is metal, which makes it feel substantial and allows the quality of the build to come through. I don't feel that it is too small, in fact, it feels pretty much just right and I am rather ham-handed. I also love the fact the camera can save in the RAW format for use in programs such as Photoshop CS. Working with RAW images really opens the field of creativity. Complaints Others Have ExpressedThe most common seems to be the auto-focus at low light. I've not had any trouble at all with this feature. I've taken pics in pretty dim areas and the AF worked fine. I wonder if the folks who had problems had the selected the correct settings; a read of the manual could solve the apparent problems. In addition, you can turn the auto-focus off and use the manual (focus)I've also read some have found the buttons confusing. Now here I feel I must get on my soapbox. "Prosumer" level cameras are called such and cost the amount they do because of the quality of the images as well as the user controlled settings/features/options. If you are going to spend the kind of cash these machines cost, then it only makes sense to devote some time to learning how everything works. Any camera at this level is similar, there are just too many options to be able to make everything appear when/where every single user expects them to.  I've taught enough people to know that some folks become very frustrated very quickly no matter what the subject. If this is you then I suggest you avoid the Coolpix 5700 or any of the other cameras at this level; you'll just drive yourself nuts. There are a number of good quality point and shoot models in the market and these will be a much better match. If you are one of the folks who enjoys learning new things and the challenge of such, then these types of cameras are great. In the case of the 5700 I found the menus quite intuitive; however, you do have to read the manual to get an overview of how the camera works. Some people also complained about the battery life. I've not experienced any problems. In fact, I own dig cams from Kodak, Olympus, Pentax and Canon, and all operate about the same as the 5700.