The FujiFilm EXR200 has a ton of features and takes pictures with great ease.  However, this is not your typical point and click camera.  I have read some of the more expertise driven reviews and those more technical reviews were terrific in helping me to understand this camera before using it.  This is particularly important with the EXR feature.  As this camera has an almost unlimited ISO setting, it is important to put some limits on that.  Otherwise, it does take pictures at very high ISO settings in an effort to maximize the resolution even though it might increase the graininess at the same time.So I took the advice of the experts and re-set the ISO on 800 as a limit.  That was very helpful as the pictures that were taken were not grainy at all.  The camera has a terrific feature for those that were SLR photo-takers in the past.  It shows all of the settings with the picture and saves them; I love this feature.  Back to the ISO:  It did take a while to figure out how to find and set that ISO feature.  I'm still a little fuzzy on the screen walk-though to get to various settings and when they are applied.  The instructions could be a little easier and that is the mark off giving this a "5" rating.I took the camera on vacation with me and clicked away.  I was mostly in the Auto mode (staying away from the EXR mode because of all of the discussion around it).  I also used the double taking portrait mode (the camera will take two pictures within a second - one with flash and one without - if I understand this correctly).  This feature is quite nice by the way.  I also used the landscape mode quite a bit also.The pictures are stunning.  And since they are in full HD, they can be played back on a HDTV.  We did this with relative ease - except that initially we did not realize that the 4:3 sizing was not automatic and had to be set at the TV level to get the proper sizing.  But with a 52" screen, the pictures are spectacular.Recently my daughter was in a dance recital and I decided to try out the full auto EXR mode.  So I reset the ISO to unlimited and began to snap pictures of her dancing in the minimal stage lighting from a distance of 35 yards or so.  And to my surprise the results were very good.  Normally, I get a grainy photo in a blur and it is dark.  With the EXR,  the graininess was not too bad and the clarity was very good.  Yes there were blurs when the action was too fast, but many times I got a very good solid picture with excellent lighting.  Two additional settings were used on these pictures:  "high iso and low noise" and "suppress flash".One more feature observation:  the purely "manual" mode is not quite as nice as I'd like.  While it will allow you to set both the aperture and the speed, it does not allow an unlimited spread in those ranges.  So the results are not as easy to obtain as with an older SLR manual camera.That is the benefit of this camera and the downfall.  There are so many settings, that the photographer might need more experience than a typical "point and click" picture taker to get the most out of this camera.  But if you have any SLR background this is a terrific little camera.  Even if you are not too experienced, just setting the ISO to 800 and using the auto shoot will give you very good pictures.  But my sense with the price and features is that this is for someone with a little more experience than a typical point and shoot camera owner.