Finally realized it was time to upgrade from the 2 meg. Kodak DC280 I paid an incredible $600+ for a decade ago, when I saw my sister taking pics AND video with a new camera the size of half a deck of cards, and doing so for like a week on a single charge.  The old DC280 took many 1000s of good pics for me and is still so reliable, but gotta change batteries after just every 10 or 15 pics.So I searched and searched and the DMC ZS3 finally emerged as the clear choice for me.  This model is heavily reviewed here by much better photographers than me, so I'll just provide a few low-tech observations:1) Bought it a week ago from Amazon for $290, and they came through with overnight delivery.  Good job.2) Also, since the ZS3 has little built in memory, got the Transcend 16GB SDHC Class 6 Flash Memory Card with Reader.  Card works fine, and reader works great with no hassles and allows me to avoid screwing around with a cord.3) Loading the PhotoFunStudio software that comes with camera was a breeze and I've used it to view videos and photos on my laptop.  I like the software and find it easy to use.4) The camera has a ton of features, and the hardcopy manual is thus extensive.  Unlike some reviewers, I find the ZS3 menus and controls pretty intuitive and the manual helpful.  Also, the mode dial on top of camera is 'tight', so either Panasonic has corrected the 'looseness' issue, or I got lucky.5) Camera case - It was harder to settle on a case than it was to settle on the ZS3.  Most cases seem made to fit the ridiculously dinky half-deck-of-cards sized cameras, whereas the ZS3 is a bit bigger, which is one of the main reasons I bought it - it fits the hand nicely.  I recommend the Norazza "Ape Case" AC165 for around $9.  It is affordable, well-built, has a good shoulder/neck strap with anti-slip stuff on it, and has room for some extras like battery charger with extra battery pack in it (gotta get an extra and rotate battery packs - that is a no-brainer), extra card, and even my Ipod Nano.  Plus, I fold the manual into a U shape and stick that snugly in the case (bound edge out) as well, and place the camera within the U, and that serves beautifully to protect the amazing 3" screen.  Sounds weird, works great!  Plus, the manual will be there when you need some help.6) So far have snapped a handful of pics, and video in both the Panasonic format and mpeg format.  The vids in mpeg format load up to my newly established youtube account no problemo.  And they look great, even those shot in low light.  And the stereo audio is excellent.  I think I'm going to have a whole lot of fun on youtube....So for like $450 all-in I got a really good looking (black-color), solid camera with great range, that is easy to use and takes excellent photos, a really, really good camcorder, plenty of battery power, and ample memory (two 16GB Transcend cards), all stuffed into a slick little nylon case.  I am now all set to head off on an African safari, where I expect the ZS3 will shine....What a deal!