I'm not going to go over the technical merits of this camera as they are well detailed in other posts.  I can speak only for myself.  I was really waiting for an affordable full frame D-SLR to come out.  However, this camera came out with great reviews and it has a great looking LCD screen as well as HD video and the latest DIGIC 4 image processor onboard.  So I went for it.I do not regret that decision at all.  Now, I may still get the full frame camera later, but in the meantime, I am enjoying this technological marvel.  My last camera was the Canon G6 and it served me well for a number of years.  But this T1i is the kind of camera I have been dreaming about owning for the past 40 years.I bought the EF 70-200mm f/4 L IS USM and EF 85mm f/1.8 USM lenses and I am now taking photos I never dreamed I could shoot.Oh yes, about the kit lens.  You either love it or hate it.  I am definitely on the "love it" bandwagon.  For many situations it does an excellent job.  Of the 3 lenses that I have the kit lens is the most versatile for shooting HD video because of it's wider FOV.  It can't match the other lenses I have for stills, but if the kit lens is all you have, it will do an excellent job for you.  Just give it a chance.There are so many little features on this camera that come in handy, like spot metering and mirror lock up to name a couple, that it becomes hard for me to believe they call this an "entry level D-SLR."I like that the Mode Dial has Basic Zones like portrait, landscape, etc.  They come in handy when you need to shoot NOW and you can't remember fast enough what aperture, ISO or other setting is best for a shot.  When you have the time to think you can use the creative zone to fine tune your shots.The HD video is fantastic and it looks great on a HD tv.  The mono sound is o.k.  It works for me.  After all, I am not trying to make a Hollywood blockbuster or music video with this camera.  The video really is good.The included Digital Photo Professional software is fine.  If you don't have Photoshop you still can do some pretty decent basic photo processing with the included software.So what's not to like.  Well, I wish the live view would work in the Basic Zones.  It can't fetch the newspaper from the front yard, but I'm working on that. ;)Wish List:  Full frame image sensor  Higher continuous fps  Weather resistant sealing  More metal, less plastic in the body.I guess I could shell out another $1800 or more and I can get these wishes in the professional models.  But is it worth it?  You be the judge.All in all, this is a great camera package because it has great flexibility, tons of features, great video and adequate software for basic photo processing.  The Rebel T1i is an amazing value considering price and features.  And it does takes great pictures.I love this camera!Edited July 25, 2009