Let me start this review by saying I REALLY wanted to love this camera.  I haven't bought myself a new camera in years, and I have an old Olympus C740UZ that I just love (it has taken a beating and still takes awesome pictures).  In December 2006 I had bought a new Olympus SP-510 and returned it, but I read some good reviews on the SP800-UZ so I figured I'd give Olympus another chance.I am definitely not a professional photographer, but I am certainly an above average amateur.  I have gigs of pictures and everyone is always complementing me on my shots.I will say that yes, you can take amazing pictures with this camera...IF you have everything set exactly right and the time to fiddle with it between shots.  Not practical if you are shooting your kid or pet doing something cute right now!  As far as snap and shoot forget it.Pros:-Very nice design, fits well in my hand and controls were easy to use and accessible.-Beautiful large display screen.-Amazing zoom (see also cons).Cons:-Focuses slowly and often not on the desired target.-Pictures were often over/underexposed and colors tended to be off.-You DEFINITELY need a tripod if you go over about 15x optical zoom.I took almost 500 pictures with this camera over the period of about two weeks under many different light conditions.  On the iAuto mode (their snap and shoot setting) even on a bright sunny day, many of the pictures of my daughter playing in the pool were blurry.  I couldn't believe it! Pictures of her playing at a playground at dusk were underexposed on almost every scene setting, and the pink of her skirt was not right in any of the shots.Menu choices are often odd too.  For example, on the iAuto mode, you cannot set the rapid shutter settings.  Attempting to allow digital zoom for shooting video always gave me an error message that I had incompatible settings.Reflections (especially bright sun on yellow) completely wash out to white.  I tried changing the shadow setting, the white balance and just about every mode, but couldn't get the shots of black-eyed Susan's not to have white spots on them.  My old Olympus and my daughter's little Kodak did not have this issue, they correctly captured the light yellow my eye saw.If you max the optical zoom, even if you stabilize the camera, clicking the shutter is often enough to blur the shot.  I did get one good shot of a bluebird fairly far away, but I reviewed the shot, went to take another and the camera was locked up!  By the time I remedied the situation, he was gone.  This is ultimately why I returned the camera (like I said I REALLY wanted to like it).  I returned the camera because about 50% of the time when I went from reviewing a shot to try to take another picture it would lock up.  It locked so badly that it would only reset by popping out the battery!Needless to say, I was extremely disappointed in this camera, and am definitely NOT buying another Olympus!