I received my ZS9 a week ago and really, really want to love it. Like many others, I read tons of reviews before deciding on this camera. I was so excited when it arrived and loved the looks and feel of it. Unfortunately, I noticed immediately that almost all my indoor pictures have a dark corner on the lower left side. Wondering if it was an LCD issue, I downloaded the images and the dark corner was still there.So, my question for those who have this same model is ARE YOU HAVING THE SAME PROBLEM? Does this camera produce a dark corner indoors or in low light? The dark corner is gradual, meaning the picture fades into the darker area in the very corner, almost like my finger was in the way slightly, providing a slight shadow. We thought it was normal at first until we realized that many of the photos ONLY had this dark corner in the lower left area and none of the other corners were effected. Also, it is not an issue when I zoom in or turn the flash off. But I do see the dark corner in many of my indoor photos using the different camera settings, with the flash on, not zooming in at all. Some photos you can barely see the dark corner and other photos it's pretty noticeable.UPDATE 1/24/12:I've uploaded 4 photos to Amazon on the main product page of this camera. They all have notes added to them to help you distinguish them from some of the other uploaded pictures from other customers. There's a picture of a chef plate, our entryway, our living room carpet, and my old camera. Let me know if you think it's a normal low-light dark shadow or not. My pictures turn out fine outside and in brighter light. Hmmmm...UPDATE 2/2/12:Those who have commented on my review have been very helpful (and have noticed this same problem with their ZS9 cameras). It turns out that Panasonic is aware of this dark shadow in the lower left corner and mentioned it on pg 41 of the downloadable manual (thanks J. Conner!). It seems to be in low light settings when the flash is turned on and you don't zoom in at all. This just happened to be how I took the first several photos when I received the camera which is why I noticed it right away. I have changed my rating from 2 stars and given the camera 4 stars. I use the camera in my home a lot to take pictures of various items, so I will just have to zoom a little or turn the flash off to avoid the dark corner. Not a deal breaker, but worthy of losing 1 star since I use these particular settings enough.Love everything else so far! The sturdy feel of the camera, crisp photos, excellent videos (and the fact that you CAN zoom while videoing is wonderful and was one of my requirements for my next digital camera). The battery compartment is sturdy and built to last. The camera I'm replacing had a cheap PLASTIC battery door with plastic components inside that broke and had to be replaced numerous times. This one is metal and designed well. All the photos I have taken outside and in better lighting have turned out great without a hint of the shadowy corner issue. Worth the $129 for sure, despite the one flaw.