We bought this 850SW camera from Amazon in Nov'08.  We bought this to replace a Casio Exilim that my wife dropped/broke on a girls nite out.  All my old digital cams have eventually broken through the hands of my two kids or wife.  So this time I thought, I need to be realistic up front and buy some kind of tank-of-a-camera that (like me) can withstand the abuse from my family members.  I also like for my cameras to be small size so they are easy to bring along in pants pockets (more photo opps).  So, there doesn't seem to be alot of digital cameras focused on shock-proof features which led me to purchase the 850SW.We've all used the camera over the past three months (including my 6-year old son) and here is my opinion so far:My Pros: - Durability. Shockproof/ Waterproof.  My family hasn't broken this camera yet.  This was my #1 required feature. - Small Size.  This was my #2 required feature.  The best cameras are the ones you have on you. - Picture Quality.  So far I think the pictures we have taken with this cam are decent quality.  Except, I do seem to get more than usual red-eye shots from this cam.My Cons: - Battery Charging.  Terrible process.  Battery must be taken out of the camera and put into a bulky charger that comes with the camera.  Then put back in the camera...my wife really complains to me about this (especially when she jams the battery back in facing the wrong way).  My Casio Exilim was way better in this area where you never take the batter out and just put the whole camera in the cradle. - Battery Life.  I think this is the worst battery life I have had for any digital camera I have owned.  I seem to only get about 30 pics on a full charge, even with an second battery I bought with higher capacity.  My last Casio Exilim battery lasted for days and days.  My wife complains alot about this new camera battery, especially since she is able to reference it versus the last Exilim.  Now magnify this issue with con #1 (taking the battery out to recharge). - Uncommon Memory Card.  I don't have any other xD cards so I had to buy a high capacity one just for this cam (and they are not as cheap as commodity memory cards).  Although in hindsight, this 850SW did come with a micoSD card converter so I should have used this (but ordered the xD card at same time as cam so I didn't know until it was too late).  Also, unusual memory card type means finding card readers is a hassle. - Picture results.  Too much red-eye.My Overall Score: 3 out of 5 stars.I give the durability feature 5 stars.  I give the other camera "cons" I mentioned above 1 star.  I average it out to a total of 3 stars.  My old Casio Exilim was better in every way except durability.  I'm really surprised that this 850SW still has these usability problems after so many model generations.  In the future if this is still the only good durable digital camera product line then I would buy it again, otherwise next time I will be on the lookout for other options.I hope you found this review helpful.