Owning this camera is kinda like being married to a handsome prince who unfortunately has prostrate cancer. The camera is very beautiful, compact and stylist. On the web, it doesn't look too glamorous but when I saw it at the Bestbuy, I fell in love with it. This camera stands out among all the other cameras. It is even more beautiful than canon s410. The solid construction and ultra compact size allows this camera to be truly pocketable. The blue power button looks very cool and prevents accidental turn on which can damage the lens.The interface is also very user friendly. The zoom dial allows the user to quickly zoom in or out. When needed, you can turn off/on the LCD screen with just one button to save battery life. After you have taken the pictures, you can review and delete them easily without going through the menu. Battery life is excellent. I took more than 150 shots with LCD on one recharge.Performance is very good: Quick start up time (~4 sec) and average shutter lag (<1 sec). Picture processing time ("shot to shot time") is also good at only 5/6 sec. There is virtually no red eye. (Only 1 out of 300+ pictures had red eye.) I think it was possible because the camera's long body allowed Kodak to put some distance between the lens and the flash unit. If the indoor light is low, the camera fires two successive flashes - one to contract people's pupil and second one to light up the scene.There are some good extras such as the orientation sensor which automatically shows the pictures in upright position, multispot focus which allows automatic focus even if the subject is not at the center, a TV output which allows you to see pictures and videos on the TV and the video mode with no length restriction (but do NOT expect this camera or any digital camera to replace your miniDV camcorder).BUT Kodak ls743 faults at its main objective - taking good pictures. The jpeg compression is quite strong; it causes loss of details which is quite evident for complex objects such as trees and flower garden. In most cases, the picture doesn't quite look "sharp." Other complaint is the slight tendency toward reddish hue which produces inaccurate flesh tone for moderately dark skin people (Mexicans, Indians, mixed ethnicities, etc.) But for Whites, Asians (Orientals), and African Americans, the pictures are okay.The main problem I have with this camera is dark indoor images... maybe something wrong with the light metering sensor... I tried changing the EV setting, bringing table lamp to add more light in the room and even holding the camera in different ways, but alas, nothing helped. Right now, I am using Paint Shop Pro's "One Step Photo Fix" to tweak the pictures into acceptable quality.After reading all the good reviews about this camera, I think I am poor person who had the luck of getting a defective camera. Or, maybe the people who wrote those reviews were simply too happy and excited about their new camera and overlooked its problems.