I own this camera, my second digital camera, and I am exceptionally happy with it!  I will not go into all the technical details about this camera, as this information is available in the product description and in other reviews.  I will say that this is not a camera for one just getting into digital photography.  This is a (near) professional quality instrument and has so many options that one not grounded in digital photography would be quickly overwhelmed.  It is also higher priced than the typical consumer-grade digital camera, with an asking price of right arund $1400 dollars at the time of this writing.  Once you add a couple of filters, a telephoto zoom lens, and some other accessories, you quickly have an investment of over $2,000 dollars.  Thus, this is not a camera for the masses.If you are looking for a camera that provides you with all the versitility of a SLR quality film camera, you have come to the right place.  Canon's 20D will absolutely overwhelm you with its extensive options!  This is truly a versitile instrument that will allow you to do virtually anything in photography!  I don't think it is an exaggeration to say that the Canon 20D is the best camera for its price in its class. It blows the competition away.The camera body has a firm heavy feel to it.  It is not a miniature digital camera at all.  It fills and fits the hand nicely, much like a SLR should feel.  The buttons, wheels, and controls are all within finger reach, but there are so many options that one has a pretty good learning curve to be proficient with the camera.  By the way, the instruction manual is well over 150 pages, and it does a mostly adequate job of introducing the camera controls to the operator.  Still, it has taken me several weeks of use and review to learn the camera's many features and then remember them so that the operations are automatic.The pictures I have taken are very pleasing.  One can shoot in low light, bright light and all conditions in-between.  A flash is available and pops up automatically if desired for additional light.  This camera takes excellent pics in low-light conditions.The lens that comes with the camera is acceptable and I am pleasd with the sharpness of the images produced.  Other reviewers have stated that compared to fixed focal length lenses, such as the 50 mm, the variable zoom lens is not as sharp.  My view is that the lens provided is very adequate for virtually all applications, however, if the operator wants the very sharpest images possible, especially for portrait work, then perhaps a fixed focal length lens is beneficial.  I purchased a EF-S 28-135 IS lens for a telephoto zoom, and am happy with it.  Again, the quality of the zoom does not approach that of the Canon "L" series lenses, but then how many consumers can afford a single lens that is over $4,000 dollars?  From my perspective as an amateur that shoots a lot of images, I think the 20D is more than adequate for my needs.I highly recommend this camera to any amateur photographer that seeks a highly versitile top-quality camera that is a definite cut above the rest.  If you can afford this camera, buy it.  It will give you the creative options a photographer desires in a camera, and will give years of pleasure.Jim "Konedog" Koenig