I have been looking at purchasing some form of Leica camera for the last year or so. Originally I was going to get a D-Lux4, but wasn't sold on the idea. The X1 was pushing my pricepoint but something about it intrigued me. I didn't know what to make of the fixed lens, the slow speed, the high price or the varying reviews. I read everything I could, watched everything on Youtube and finally decided on Friday I had to have one. I ordering with one day shipping and paced all morning long on Saturday until the doorbell rang at 11:30.I should preface this review by saying I am a professional architectural photographer and use a Canon 5DMarkII with a variety of L glass for my day job and have been a very satisfied Canon customer for many years and will continue to be. I was looking for a walk about camera for being creative and restoring my love of photography for the sake of loving photography. I bought a Canon G11 recently and like it a lot as a tool for holidays, snaps of family etc but didn't love it or want to use it for the sake of using it.The minute I opened the box and held the X1 in my hand I felt an urge to go out and shoot for no other reason than pure enjoyment. I charged the battery, impatiently pacing as it charged, read the instructions and then set out with a friend to Abbott Kinney in Venice for some street test shots. It has been a terrible grey weekend in LA so I thought this would really test the Leica.It took a little while to get used to the camera just because it was different to what I was used to but once I got used to it, I realized it made perfect sense. The dials are exactly what you need, the buttons are minimal but do the right things. The myriad of buttons you get on the G11 faded away to the all important shutter speed and aperture setting on top. From the first images displayed on the screen I had a feeling I was going to like the results although you can never tell until you download the images. I shot indoors, outdoors, people, buildings, flowers, textures you name it. The results were way beyond what I had hoped for. It is very hard to explain it. The color was so real it triggered my mind back to when I had seen it that day. The images were sharp and crisp and the depth made them look 3D. The images seemed alive to me, I wanted to look at them and keep looking at them. If I had taken my 5D out, images would have looked flat and lifeless, I could have made them look good in Photoshop but that's not the point.The various modes control the look of the jpegs and work very well. I especially like the vivid for color on a dull day and the black and white high contrast for everything. This camera when shooting RAW also take a jpeg image. I always use RAW for work and expected to do so here. The RAW images are spectacular and easy to work with in photoshop. The jpegs had mixed results. The first day of shooting I didn't like the results but after tweaking the settings today I found setting I liked and for the first time in as long as I can remember was producing B&W; jpegs straight from the camera that I loved. Of course I like to tweak them but straight from the camera, amazing results.The reason for this long winded review is to illustrate why I bought this camera and what I wanted it for. This camera is not the best solution for someone who wants a fully auto point and shoot for family shots or kid action shot or a fully auto at all. Yes it does fully auto but that is not the point. This camera is for "street" shooting, for shooting for the sake of shooting, for being creative, for pros to remind themselves why they love photography. It is subtle, it doesn't disturb people when you pull it out like an SLR can do. The fixed lens is fantastic, it provides such sharp images I am willing to trade not have a zoom any day. It makes me work to get the shot, it is so easy to be lazy with zoom. You get out of this camera what you put in, plain and simple. This camera is not for most people, it is for the few that want to work for the image and enjoy the process. The shortfalls you read about elsewhere have not concerned me while I have used it. It is not the fastest camera, autofocus is a little slow but for me it takes longer to frame the image I want, so a second to focus is of no concern. The manual focus is great with the 'loupe' on-screen to help you. As a photographers tool it is beautifully designed and a breeze to use. I will take it everywhere with me and it will become my go to camera for any creative shot I want to capture. The price makes it seem expensive but after using it I am happy to have paid the price and think it is well worth it. This is my first Leica but it will certainly not be the last!! Time to start saving for the M9.