First of all, let me address one of the major complaints about this camera: low light AF hunting. I've never had a digital camera that did NOT have trouble getting its focus in low light. The Canon XTi has the problem, my Minolta digital had the problem and, from what I've read the Olympus E510 and Nikon D60 also have that problem. But with the P5100 there are ways around it using the landscape setting.The other problem, much discussed, is the noise factor. If you are seriously thinking about this camera and like low light photography, as I do, then I would suggest you go to this Flickr link and have a look at how capable the P5100 truly is in low light situations. Noise is not a factor if the settings are correct.I bought this looking for a camera capable of doing film-like work (or as close as possible)with a very small body. That does not mean I am necessarily looking for razor-sharp resolution (though you do get that with this fine Nikkor lens). I wanted a certain "look" to the photographs that this camera can indeed produce. No RAW? Who cares! I don't do PS anyway and would rather have an excellent camera that takes great photographs in the first place and doesn't require the use of RAW and hours slaving away over Photo Shop rebuilding a flawed photograph piece by piece. No thank you. If that appeals to you then get the G9 or G10, but don't try to put it in your pocket! But if you want what is, IMHO, a better camera and lens to use on site and get it right the first time, on location, then this is a better choice. Have a look at this link to see the P5100's low light capability and film-like qualities: [...]or this:[...]Or here to see its beautiful bokeh: [...]And bear in mind that this camera does this with 12.1 pixels on a tiny little sensor. How? The secret is the custom application of the EXPEED digital image processing engine. Something the G9 and G10 don't have. You get the advantages of a huge pixel count (on a small sensor) but without the excessive noise found on cameras not possessing such a capable processing engine. And, regarding the G9 and G10, not only is this camera much smaller but the build is far better and it has a hard substantial feel, thanks in part to the magnesium body.If you want to reduce the pixel count on your sensor to increase the dynamic range this camera can do that. It can be reduced to 8M, 5M, 3M, 2M or 1M. Also, how many digital cameras these days offer ISO settings of 64 and 100? This one does.But, for me, all it boils down to is this: is this camera able to deliver the look you are searching for or not? If you like what you see when you brouse Flickr then give it a try. If you don't like what you see, give it a pass. The proof is in the pudding and you can read ten different reviews and everyone says something different. So just go by the results you can see on the net.This review is my opinion only and, as I said, you can certainly find people who do not agree with me about this. I read many reviews and finally just decided to peruse Flickr to see actual results. So don't take my word for it, look for yourself.