*A quick addition to this review - this addition was added on January 11, 2012: HOLY POOP ON A STICK? $2000 FOR THIS CAMERA? I BOUGHT IT NEW 3 YEARS AGO FOR LESS THAN $1000!!!Okay...now back to the original review:Let me preface my review by saying that choosing a DSLR is like trying to choose a car from Lexus, BMW, Mercedes, Acura, and Infinity. You really can't go wrong. Canon, Nikon, Sony, Olympus, etc. all make incredible cameras and for 95% of people out there any one of them would be more than adequate.That said, all things considered I'm pretty disappointed in my camera when I see what friends with Canons and Nikons are doing. I started with an A100 several years ago and last year upgraded to the A700 at a Circuit City liquidation sale. I have been pretty satisfied with this camera, but considering this is Sony's prosumer model - an attempt to compete with Nikon's D300 and Canon's 5D/7D - I feel I should be more than just satisfied.Below are my pros & cons of this camera.PROS:1. Compatibility with old Minolta AF lenses gives you thousands of options in glass, and they're extremely inexpensive compared to Canon & Nikon.2. Image stabilization built into the camera body means you don't have to shell out extra cash for an IS or VR lens, as you do with Canon & Nikon.3. The camera body itself is much cheaper than it's counterparts made by Nikon and canon.4. Wireless commander comes with the camera rather than being an accessory that is an extra expense.5. It's a very inexpensive system to be married to. Comparable bodies made by Canon & Nikon are about twice as expensive as this one.CONS:1. No digital display on the top of the camera to give you quick readings on the settings. You must use the display on the back, which uses more battery power.2. The high ISO performance by Sony cameras is terrible when compared to Nikon & Canon. A comment below suggested I upgrade the firmware to version 4, which I did, and I still do not see enough improvement to make me change my review. I have friends who shoot at ISO 1600 with Nikon/Canon without a second thought, and even go up to 3200 with about the same noise (if not less) than what I get out of my camera at 800. The vast majority of my pictures are taken indoors so this is a huge problem for me.The ISO performance is the primary reason I wish I had a Canon or Nikon. I will, of course, do more research and play with the different Canon/Nikon cameras before making a swap, but right now I plan on selling my Sony gear (body, 4 lenses, flash) and swapping to either Canon or Nikon.When I first opted for the Sony body I rationalized my decision by telling myself that I'm really buying a Minolta, which was an experienced body. I also noticed that Sony made (and still makes) the sensors for Nikon. However, after 3 years of using the system I seriously regret my decision.If you're going to be a casual photographer and just want a camera to snap off memories of family get-togethers and vacations then this will be a fantastic camera for you. However, if you ever think photography may become a serious hobby or even a money making adventure then I urge you to do AMPLE research consider what your primary shooting style will be (indoors or outdoors, people or landscapes, etc.) before going with Sony simply because it's the cheaper option.I try to respond to all comments, so if you have any questions about this camera please post them and I'll respond.Also, if anyone knows how to post pictures in a review let me know. I have a shot from a birthday party the other day that shows just how much noise you're dealing with at ISO 800.