Even in June 2010 I think this is still the best, or nearly the best, camera you can buy for image quality and control, short of a much larger micro four-thirds or DSLR camera.Short of those cameras, only the Lumix LX3 might have a better lens and take nicer pictures than the S90. In the end I preferred the S90 because it's more pocketable than the LX3. I also tried the Sony WX1-- a really fun camera and unbelievable at night, but less predictable image quality than the S90 in bright light, less customizable, and without the S90's manual controls.I was also interested in the new Sony NEX-3 and NEX-5. But they're only comparable in size when used with their pancake prime lens, which is fixed at an extremely wide angle.Non-issues in my opinion:The ergonomics, including the free-spinning control wheel on the back of the camera, take some getting used to but once I did, I really liked them.Lacks HD video; other cameras zoom more; and not great burst speed: But these are just qualities of the sensor and optics, and you get other good features and qualities in exchange. You can't have everything.Neither the sensor nor the lens are as good quality as a micro four-thirds or DSLR. But the S90 is a lot smaller even than the smallest micro four-thirds, and less expensive.Cons:The S90 does sometimes over-expose in bright light (the Sony WX1 was even worse this way), but only sometimes; and in most modes it's intuitive to quickly adjust this by twirling that control wheel.Can't re-focus while recording a movie (though you can zoom [correction: only digital zoom]).I wish it would display the zoom level on screen, because I enjoy shooting at 50mm equivalent. For no good reason, it only displays this value when you're using the control ring around the lens to zoom, not when you're using the lever around the shutter. Using the control ring isn't appropriate in all modes.Pros:The manual modes are easy and fun to use when you get used to them (and perhaps read the manual to learn some of the more esoteric available features).The auto mode generally works well too. You have a complete range from fully auto to fully manual modes, with everything you could want in between.Lots of ways to customize, including the satisfying "C" mode that will always start the camera up with all your favorite startup settings, including zoom level.You can tweak the white balance settings (even auto white balance), for example to be slightly more amber or blue, just by turning the control ring.Has a RAW mode to grow into.Unusually big sensor: bigger than just about any other point-and-shoot, but still smaller than micro four-thirds or DSLR. Improves light sensitivity, image quality, and optics (you can defocus parts of the composition at low f-stops).Fast lens: f2.0 at the widest angle (28mm equivalent) is better than almost any other point-and-shoot, and in fact better than many micro four-thirds and DSLR kit lenses. But note that the lens isn't -as- unusually fast as you zoom in. The S90's max aperture is f3.2 at 50mm equivalent. Still pretty good though (but the LX3 does have the S90 beat here).Between the sensor and the lens, the camera is great indoors. You can take some very nice handheld shots in very dim light indoors or outdoors without flash, and at night using the special night mode which uses pixel binning (increases the sensor's sensitivity by decreasing its resolution). Not impossible-seeming handheld night shots like the Sony WX1's night modes (which rely on some amazing image processing algorithms), but very nice quality like a 35mm film camera with a nice fast lens.Outdoor and bright light shots generally have realistic colors (not washed not, not unrealistically saturated either), and vivid, realistic skies (unless you're shooting into the light, then skies can wash out unless you underexpose-- but that's like pretty much any camera).Quick and responsive-- not blazingly fast like the Sony WX1 or some newer cameras, but still very quick and solid. This sense of responsiveness includes power up, shutter lag, shot-to-shot (helps to turn off the automatic review), interface navigation, auto-focus, and zoom.The interface is generally well thought out. It feels like an "enthusiast's" interface.Pocketable, with no separate lens cap. Just pull it out, switch it on, and start taking pictures. Between this and the well thought-out interface, you can be making nice pictures, including the fun and creativity of manual control, without starting your day by packing a lot of photography gear or putting a camera around your neck. It's a great camera for travel, street shots, or events, if you're the kind of person who will enjoy working on making nice pictures in those contexts.In summary, this camera takes consistently great pictures, and can last you a long time as you explore new ways to use it.