In most ways this is a typical IP camera with many of the annoyances that go along with low-cost IP cameras. These include: software based motion detection that works unreliably, inability to specify a subject line on alert emails, poor user interface for setting scheduled alerts, and requires IE for full functionality.This camera does distinguish itself from the pack in a few areas, most of which other reviews have described in more depth: wide pan angle, low light, support for Firefox, quick/quiet panning, and WPA/AES WiFi encryption. Additionally I hooked up an external passive IR motion detector (GE AP100PI and a relay to invert the signal) to the GPIO input to achieve reliable motion detection. (This TRENDnet replaced a different brand pan/tilt camera that also had GPIO, but that feature never worked. Some Panasonic cameras have a built-in IR hardware motion detector. All IP cameras should have that feature.)I have one of these cameras installed in a remote location where it needs to operate unattended for many months at a time. After an initial short tryout period, the camera went offline after a few weeks. I don't know if it crashed or just lost its WiFi connection. I've since attached the camera's power supply to a timer so it gets power cycled once a week to force a periodic reboot. This has been working reliably for about a month so far. [UPDATE: over the course of 6 months, the cameras has gone offline for a week (until the next power cycle) many times, and for two weeks in a row once. I haven't determined whether it is a WiFi issue or the camera itself crashing.]One major problem is that the camera resets its pan/tilt position after powering up, and I need it to maintain a specific position. The prior p/t camera I had stored its position and after doing its power up calibration returned to the last set position. [UPDATE: more digging through the settings eventually uncovered a setting to specify what pan/tilt preset the camera should default to on power up.]The UI for setting scheduled alerts (i.e. email me a snapshot every 12 hours) is a pain to get to work correctly. You typically end up getting a bunch of snapshots sent instead of one. I ended up using code running on another computer to retrieve images at the desired interval. This also let me set the subject line as desired.Lastly, after a firmware upgrade, the user interface has lost the pan/tilt controls. I noticed this just before leaving the remote location, and after reloading the camera's configuration, the problem seemed to be fixed, but it later returned. The only advice TRENDnet has been able to offer so far is to do a hard reset on the camera. Something I can't do remotely. [UPDATE: I investigated this further and determined the specific flaw in the cameras HTML output that was causing the problem (a missing JavaScript value), but TRENDnet would not offer any further assistance in determining what camera setting might be triggering the problem. Like most consumer electronics companies these days, they are not equipped to handle anything other than mundane issues. I'd certainly think twice before considering one of TRENDnet's pro-grade products.]