I'm a total amatuer, but have been using digital cameras at work for several years starting with the Sony Mavacia with 640x480 max resolution and most recently using an Olympus 3.2MP camera.  I'd refrained from buying a digital camera, limping along with a point-and-shoot 35mm instead because the resolution didn't seem great and the prices seemed too high.  With the birth of our first grandson though, I suddenly felt the need to own a digital camera!  Without too much research I bought the A80 and I'm totally satisfied with my choice and maybe even a little pleasantly surprised by some of the extra's.  First, just so I don't forget--it takes great pictures!  Really great pictures...I feel like the only limitation is my own ability to completely use all of the available features.  If you're reading the other 50 plus reviews you'll see a lot of technical info, so let me just hit my own personal highlights.  It doesn't come with a bag...but I got a great small Samsonite camera bag with snaps and straps and pockets and zippers for less than $6.00 at Walmart.  Any digital camera will eat batteries--go rechargable.  The best I've seen are 2300ah NIMH batteries, you'll need 8 and a charger {Walmart again} which will pay for themselves in a month or two (and trust me, when you do break down and buy it you're  really going to kick yourself for all the money you've been wasting on regular batteries).  The memory card they provide is too small, but at the second highest resolution, it will get you started with 30+ pictures and act as a interim backup.  I like the 256mb size as an upgrade, and will eventually buy a second one as a backup.  Sandisk had a price for well under $50 and a lifetime guarantee--so the backup card could come in handy if yours ever fails!  The camera comes loaded with features, including manual shutter and aperture modes and more automatic and manual modes than you will learn to use in weeks if not months or years of ownership.  In the meantime, just setting it on Auto or Nite mode makes you look like a freaking genius anyway.  The flip-out LCD screen is one of those things that you don't know you need until you have it, and then you wonder how you ever did without!  It protects the delicate screen when not in use, rotates so your wife can take centered pictures of herself (instead of the off-center ones she usually got with a regular camera), and it is great for candid pics when you don't want to spook the subject by looking directly at them with the camera or when you want to alter the angle of your photo to get a bugs eye or birds eye view.  The USB connection to my computer is a huge improvement over the floppy disks the Mavacia used and even a full card of 256mb downloads quickly (plus you can upload pictures to transport them to another computer).  The included software for cataloging and modifying shots is adequate and actually quite an improvement over what I've seen in the past.  Considering that it's free, I'm not complaining.  {If I want better software, I'd rather choose what I want anyway.}  I started this review by noting that I'd been holding out for a high resolution camera with a decent price--I got that and more.  This is the perfect camera for an amatuer like me, and it will tide me over quite well until the price of a 10MP digital SLR gets down to under $400!  And best of all, the pictures of my grandson make a great screensaver slide show!!!