I'm comparing the Creative to the comparably priced Logitech C910 which I also own.Build quality:The build of the Logitech is much more sturdy and solid, especially the clamp.  The clamp on the Creative Live feels flimsy in comparison, although it does adequately support the web cam on the lid of a laptop.  However, on a thicker desktop LCD monitor, the Logitech fits much better.  The Logitech clamped securely onto the LCD but I had a hard time getting the Creative to fit comfortably on the same monitor.Performance:Both cameras offer 720P video calling (Skype, etc) but the Logitech offers 1080P video recording.  The overall quality of the C910 is noticeably better with sharper more vivid images and less noise.  The Creative by comparison seems grainy, dull and washed out.  There were no problems with movement FPS on either cam.  I also compared the Creative to a built-in webcam on a typical consumer-grade laptop.  The Creative blew away the 2MP stock web cam in pretty much everything, especially frames per second during video recording. About the only area the integrated camera could somewhat keep up was still images if the resolution was set to the highest and there was plenty of light available.  The Creative has pretty decent low-light performance although, once again, it's not nearly as nice as the quality of the C910.SoftwareThe C910 requires installation of the software before connecting the camera.  The Creative requires you to connect the camera and install the software afterward.  I had no issues in either Windows 7 or Vista detecting, installing, and using the Creative camera in Skype.  If you want more versatility, a little fun, creativity or security out of either camera, you can install one or all of the included bundled software.  This is where Creative finally edges out Logitech by offering a more appealing software bundle.  Logitech offers face masks, avatars, and special effects for video and still images.  Although somewhat fun, the video masks and avatars weren't the most precise and the remaining features were pretty much standard fare.  By comparison, Creative's Avatar maker is a re-branded light version of Crazy Talk (although they offer plenty of opportunities and prompts to upgrade).  I've already created several animations of myself and the dog that had my daughters howling with laughter. If you are interested in trying out Crazy talk and you're in the market for a web cam, this might be a nice package deal.  There is also facial recognition software and video surveillance software with the Creative.  The remaining software is standard fare, like Logitech.ConclusionIf you're in the market primarily for a web cam first and foremost and performance is the most important factor, then it's really not a contest.  It's hard to choose the Creative over the much more solidly built and better performing Logitech C910 or even C920 at the current price points.  Currently, the difference in price between the Creative and two Logitech models is less than ten dollars and twenty dollars respectively.  That to me will be the biggest hurdle for the Creative.  Unless you really want (or need) the better bundled software, it's hard to choose the Creative over the C910 or C920, especially if you plan to do a lot of video chatting or web blogging and want the best quality.