As a pretty happy owner of Olympus SP550UZ, I borrowed this latest version, SP570UZ to tested it out for several days under various conditions. I immediately saw few similarity and few non-similarity with this camera to the SP550UZ that I owned. From now on, I am dropping the SP and UZ reference and just calling them "550" and "570".Let me hit the good points first. First of all, I thought the capture speed and the write speed of 570 have definitely improved over my 550 camera. Of course, this is still not lighting fast but its an improvement. I think the weak xD card is the blame anyway as I was using their "H" card all the way. Second, you definitely see the difference between 28mm wide for 550 and 26mm wide for 570. Only 2mm difference but you can see it. Not much difference between the 18x and 20x though. Like the 550, the 570 is very easy to hold, handled and grip. The 570 is slighter larger but the weight felt the same. Major improvement I really like in control for the 570 lies in the fact that you can make certain adjustments like flash compensation right off the back LCD menu now instead of going through the menu system in the 550. The shadow adjustment mode does work pretty well under ideal condition. But not all that well depending on the extreme cases. Face detection system works well although I am not really a great fan of this. Still for both features, it better then not having one at all. Photos came out looking very good under most condition and I think they improved the color capture for red which was somewhat of a problem for the 550. The dual image stabilizer proves to be excellent once again and capturing at extreme zoom proves to be quite good as long as there is enough light. But those are the highlights of the good things about this camera. I am not going to bother going down the specs since Amazon have been so kind to provide it for all to read. One of the previous reviewers wrote that the battery life quite excellent and I do concur with that. But there is a reason for that in my next paragraph.The bad things about this cameras lies in three elements. One is that the electronic viewfinder is harder to use thanks to the increase reliance on the LCD that is almost on all the time. I like using the viewfinder as an old film SLR guy but if needed, I can adjust to this. Second element lies in the zooming...there is no auto-zoom. All the zooming are done by hand - your hand that is and to be honest, it is not an exact science here. While you still got the auto-focus, you have to manually zoom up and down. The lens control actually feel pretty "rubbery" to borrowed another person's term. Worst, with my 550, I can zoom and fire away one handed. There is no way I can do that with 570 since one hand is on the shutter while other hand have to adjust the zoom. Unless you got super long fingers, most normal folks would have to do it two handed. The lack of the feel of a firm control in zooming is quite puzzling and I supposed anyone can get a handled on it with enough practice but still felt pretty weak. A whole star was taken from the review on this feature. I wasn't too impressed. By the way, this is why the battery life have improve...camera no longer have to zoom, you have to do it yourself. (And they save weight by not adding the auto-zoom device into the camera.) Finally, Olympus totally failed to improved their camcorder system for the UZ series. Like the 550, 570 is light-years behind...let say Canon S5 IS in terms of taking video. The videos taken by Olympus 570 is okay if the camera cost $150 but totally unacceptable for $450 plus camera. It can be pretty grainy and sound was pretty weak. Another star gone for that.I supposed I could go on but I wrote enough. I am sure a more professional reviews on the Internet is forth coming and anyone interested can continue to investigate. I am not sure if this camera is really right for inexperience photographer or even for a casual one. It quite advanced piece of digital camera but its not really well designed. Manual zooming is nice as an option but not as a permanent condition. And the video recording for a camera of this price range is really pathetic. Personally, I can live without the video but zooming feature is a step backward to the 20th century...not a step forward for the 21st.