The Canon S90 is a good companion for my Canon 40D.  Is it perfect?  No, that's why it's 4 stars.  Now saying that, as of January 2010, there is no other camera that compares to this one.---Image QualityThe IQ of the S90 is outstanding at 80 ISO and good at higher ISO levels.  After comparing this to my 40D pics, there is a noticeable sharpness difference, especially at higher ISO levels.  Still, comparing it to my friends' point and shoots, it's ahead of its competition.  Currently, I haven't really messed with the RAW features, like I do with my 40D because I use Adobe Lightroom 2 as my photo edit/management software.  Maybe the IQ is better there.---FeaturesOne of the main reasons for my purchase of the S90 is the manual features.  With these features, I have good control of the creative aspects of my photos.  Av, Tv, P, M, Low-Light, Scene and Video are the dial features and there are more within the menus.  Since I do have a 40D, that means I don't have video features, so I'm glad that this camera fills that void.  You'll love the front ring and it's versatility =)---Size/ConstructionThe good thing is that the S90 is smaller than the G11, but it isn't the smallest point-and-shoot.  The S90 will fit in a jean pocket... but will be very uncomfortable in tight jeans.  A carry case would be nice or just throw it in a backpack.  At first, I did have my reservations of the plastic body, but I've put it through hell and back on my expedition in the Philippines (later in the review) and I'm confident in its durability.---PerformancePerformance is a crucial piece for any camera to ensure you capture the moment.  The S90 lags a little.  Definitely, it's better than most point-and-shoots, but I was hoping for it to be faster.  The start-up time is manageable, but the auto-focus time is a little slow.  Also, yes, the f/2.0 is very welcome, but I'm finding it hard to create the shallow DoF (depth of field) in some portrait shots I'd take.  I'm assuming it's because that f-stop is only accessible at wide-angles.  Of course, the rapid shots aren't anything comparable to my 40D, but I don't use this camera for that (thank god).---Low Light PicturesLow light pictures are a main draw for this camera.  It's hard to capture these photos on point-and-shoots because of their ISO performance and aperture values.  This camera excels in both categories having great ISO performance and a great aperture value at 28mm.  This is a make or break for most people and I'm glad to say you'll appreciate these features.---Battery LifeDefinitely a downside of the S90.  It's about 200-300 photos worth per charge.  Still, I don't take more than that per day with this camera, but I know people will or maybe one day I'll find myself in that situation.  This is mostly because of the full-time LCD (which is a gorgeous 3.0" screen)  So if you plan on shooting more than 300+ photos, buy and bring an extra battery.---OverallYes, I am pleased with this camera.  It's not the perfect camera, but it is very close to it.  There are things that they could improve, such as 720p HD video recording, better battery life, maybe a constant f/2.0 value (haha) and a metal construction (just because it'd just be better overall).---Philippines ExperienceSo recently in December, I took my camera to the Philippines.  Needless to say, I'm glad I had it.  More on the update... later =)