I bought this Nikon L110 camera at the end of December so I can use it to enjoy festivities with my family AND to replace my old Canon SD400 point and shoot camera. I have been very satisfied with it and used it many times for pictures.In terms of ease of use with navigation, the Nikon L110 is extremely easy to use and the option mode has enough features to let you explore different types of finishes (auto, black and white, portrait, etc). Once you get used to the Nikon options screen, it will be very easy to navigate through the features. I give it a 10/10 for navigation ease.As for the features of the camera, it is a bit above your traditional point and shoot because of the zoom lens. Beside looking like a DSLR camera, the fundamentals of the L110 is similiar to a traditonal point and shoot, but with better quality. I recommend reading the manual and blogs to get the most out of this camera because you can execute great quality images if you play around with the ISO speeds. I do a lot of macro shots since I'm a blogger and with the right lighting, your pictures will look great. It would be nice to change the aperture speeds, but I don't believe you can. I give the features a definite 8/10.I have not tested the video feature yet, but I do remember that it makes a humming noise when you reply. I'm not sure if this is because the camera is so sensitive, it captures air (crazy, right?) or it's just how it is. I wasn't too crazy about the battery part. It just seems kind of cheap to not have a charger pack for it, but over time I can see how convenient it can be if you ever need to replace them.In terms of value, it is an amazing value for what you get. I originally bought this camera for $199 on sale at Staples, and I bought the "bundle" that went with it (camera bag, mini tripod, insurance for $40) and a memory card for $5 (2 gig), and I felt like I had all that I needed to have and it was a great investment for me because I can take quality pictures without having to splurge on a DSLR camera, especially since blogging is merely a hobby.Overall, this is nice lightweight camera that is portable and very easy to use. It stems above a tradtional point and shoot but picture quality is in the same range if you're not careful. It does tend to blur if you're not using flash, so it's best to have a steady hand when using. I really do like this camera a lot, and I'm still on the experimenting stage with it as I use this camera to capture objects in different lighting, surroundings, etc.Overall: 9/10If you want to look at pictures, head to my blog to check to them out.[...]All images after Jan 2011 were captured with the Nikon L110.