The LW2451 unit just arrived this afternoon, but since there are no reviews as of yet, I thought I would post one so people would have some initial idea of how the system performs.The setup only took a few minutes.  It started beeping right away.  It turns out that it was the alert that the child is making noise.  The loudness of that alert is configurable.  It stopped once I stopped touching the camera.The camera is small, about 4 inches tall.  It pans and tilts, no zoom.  The resolution of the image seems fine.  I did see some noticeable color shifts (hue).  I will try it again in daylight and see if that is still true.  Given how far it tilts, it strikes me that it would work well with a wall mount (bracket not included.)  I placed it on a tall dresser right next to the bed.  Because of that, and my unwillingness to move the bed or dresser, I had to put a small box under the rear to get the 20 degrees I needed.  Someone setting it on a lower table or one just a little further from the bed would not have any issue at all getting a full view of the crib/bed.  The camera has an on/off switch, volume for two-way talk and a sensitivity control for how loud the child must be to set off alerts on the monitor.  The IR LEDs are visible as very dim red lights.  My daughter noticed it, but it did not keep her up.  They are barely visible.The monitor is a convenient size, about the size of a smart phone.  It has dedicated volume buttons.  Button placement seems well thought out.  There is a mini-joystick for pan/tilt/menu nav, press to accept.  The power adapter can be plugged into the cradle or the monitor directly, which appeals to me.  There is a great deal of leeway when setting it in the cradle...  Placement doe not have to be exact for it to charge.  There is a stand so the monitor can sit upright without the cradle.  There is a swing out antenna which does add a bar of reception, but I have not needed it yet.It seems to be playing well with my wireless router, but I would not want to guarantee there is no interference at all until I run a few more speed tests.The camera and monitor are made of the same white plastic that most nursery products are.  It is lighter than it looks, which I know does not alway convey a sense of quality, but it seems solid enough and I would not want them to add weight just for that.Pros:System performs out of the box as advertised.Has features of systems costing a lot more.Night vision works wellSound is clearCradle and charging well thought outTemperature is always visible on monitor and is proving to be accurate.Menus are simple and easy to navigate with thumb controllerReception is greatVolume can be turned all the way of if desired.Video can be turned off if desired.Lots of buttons and functionsCons:Operating pan/tilt or moving through the menus causes beep which may wake spouseSensitivity control for alert that says child is making noise is on the camera, not monitor.Would benefit from a few more configuration options such as turning button beep off.My voice sets off the noise alert when using the two-way talk feature, so I have to wait for the 3 beeps to end before I can hear the person on the other end.  That meeans I miss the first word or two of the reply.No zoom - other units that offer this supposedly get very graining, so I do not care for it.The monitor has been runing for over 4 hours, so the battery performance seems quite good.My experience so far has been excellent.