You want the truth, can you handle the truth?  Let's begin with my title, "The good, the bad, and the ugly"...THE UGLY-well, there is no ugly.  The camera looks that good.  Just taking the camera with you will make you cool (I mean, not that I needed any help or anything, but if you do, that's ok and this is the camera for you).  The GOOD-for a camera the size of a, actually its the only little rectangular shaped thing I own that small.  It is small, period.  I carry it in my front jeans pocket when I go out and pretty much don't know its there.  I bought this camera knowing that it will be going with me on trips to Asia, and Europe and around town.  I don't like being a "tourist" (ie camera on shoulder, carry bags), so this camera is a dream.  I will add, it is surprisingly durable as well, you can tell as soon as you hold it.  OK, the Pictures.  LCD screen, awesome.  Bright, crisp, wish my TV was that good, hmmmm...wish my monitor was that good.  The photos, here is the deal.  You need to learn how to take pictures with the camera.  Outdoors, no biggie.  Takes great great pictures.  I have even entered some in contests.  Indoors-a little bit of a bummer.  My only real gripe with the camera.  Indoor pictures with any camera are not the easiest, but with digital, even harder.  I don't know about other digitals, but with the elph, lots of red eye and dark background.  A little trick-indoors in sufficient lighting situations, shut the flash OFF, and what you see in the LCD is what you get, usually a better picture than with flash.  With practice indoor shots will be sufficient.  Batteries, Cannon NB-1LH.  Right.  Because you don't know what that means, let me tell you.  You are not going to find them at Target, or 7-11.  They work pretty well though and the camera comes with a charger and one battery.  You probably won't buy an extra battery now, but later you will want an extra battery...trust me, I'm telling you.  Oh by the way...I am not a Cannon rep or anything, but ONLY buy the Cannon NB-1LH battery-again just trust me and listen.  8MB memory card-The camera comes with it, and it is enough memory for you to realize the camera is the greatest thing since sliced bread- you will want a bigger memory card.  Well, in conclusion:  Would I buy this camera again?  100% Yes.  The camera is just awesome.  You will have so so so much fun with it.  That I can guarantee.  Great pictures, video mode (with GOOD sound quality (only 12 seconds though)), comes with cables to hook up to the TV, probably one of the greatest things I have ever bought.  It is one of those deals where after buying it, you won't know how you lived without it before.  I don't know if a camera can add to the quality of a persons life, but you will definitely have more fun.  By the way, be prepared for every person you take a picture of to want to see your camera.  Prepare yourself now for the fact you are going to have other peoples fingerprints all over it.  :)  Peace out, and enjoy life!~