I returned this for a refund due to a small smudge brown spot in the LCD display.. while taking a picture of an art project I kept noticing a faint brown spot near the center of the LCD display of this camera... I thought it was from what I was taking a picture of but could not see anything.. then I looked closer I saw the spot is from the LCD... again I was not concerned until this brown smudge showed up in the taken photos! Unacceptable!I cleaned the lens but still the smudge was there. I do not know what the smudge was but returned camera for a refund which amazon accepted. If this camera did not have this problem I still would be underwhelmed overall. I have been out of the market for a camera for about 5 years.. (last camera was a Samsung compact 5mp) and maybe my expectations are high for what is available in 2011. I bought this Lumix based on the specs of 16 mega-pixels but I found the LCD display just so-so.. with so much info going in, it's really unnecessary to even go to 16mp on such a small lens... plus my fault was not researching the video format which this has a jpeg movie format...who wants that? This camera is designed for not just amateurs but more like 5th graders.. on top of that this camera has a ultra-fine delicate feel.. cheap china plastic i am guessing.. it's so fragile feeling it might as well be a disposable! There is nothing I personally liked about this camera... After this mistake I am re-thinking what I need... You really need to think twice at what you want in a camera..  Trying to go on the cheap while buying a name brand in Panasonic got me nowhere... do your research first... pay more for what you want or you will be disappointed like I was... 16mp means nothing... it's just the camera makers showing off... look at how many mega-pixels we can cram in this little thing.. but it's not important.. during my research I found a camera that last year was a 14mp camera and this years model they went down to 12mp.. why? because 14mp is to much for the lens.. if you want to print at 14mp you cant and have to downgrade the file in the computer anyway.. so why bother?... the camera I am looking seriously at is the Kodak EasyShare Max Z990 (2011). it's $270.. that is more than I wanted to pay.. but if your above average photographer you need to pay more for a better camera.. this Panasonic has zero pros for me... I am sorry I bought it and thought 16mp is all that matters... then why did Kodak go down in mega-pixels? Think before you buy.  My advise is, even if your a total novice this Lumix has little to offer. There is I am sure better point and shoot cameras out there. No way do I recommend this on any level.The Kodak EasyShare Max Z990 is in my cart and I am sure to try it... hope it works out and will post a review... regards camera shoppers.