My wife and I were sick and tired of the "shutter lag" that point and shoots are plagued with.  We missed a lot of good pictures due to this.  That lead me to look at digital SLRs, which do not suffer this malady.  Also, most P&S; cameras have plastic bodies.  While this may keep costs down, and it certainly makes a camera lighter, nothing compares to a good old metal body - like on the 20D.  In fact, the metal body was a big reason we opted for this camera over the more affordable Digital Rebel (plus the 8.2 MP vs 6 MP).  Canon recently introduced an 8.0 MP version of the Digital Rebel.  If a metal body is not a big deal to you, you may wish to look into that.One thing to keep in mind when using this camera indoors - lighting is important.  Indoor pictures turn out darker than anticipated.  This can be overcome by proper lighting and camera angle.  Outdoors, you will get outstanding results every time.I have been experimenting with the "creative zone" settings of this camera with mixed results.  I have used a slow shutter release to take some good pictures of the moon and stars reflecting off of the Gulf of Mexico.  Conversly, I have tried some action shots that were quite blurry - switching back to auto mode corrected this.  Any problems I've had with this camera have been user related, not a problem with the equipment.I love the idea of interchangable lenses.  If you're not happy with the zoom capabilities of the camera, get a stronger zoom lens and you're all set.  Want to do some macro photos?  There's a lens for you out there as well.  Keep in mind, the camera itself will not fit in your pocket, and a couple of extra lenses will not either; you will need a good bag to haul the stuff around in.  When equiped with the 18-55mm lens that comes in the kit, it is no problem to strap it around your neck and take it with you wherever you roam.Also, the battery can outlast the Energizer Bunny!  We turned off the auto review feature, which extends the battery life furter.  If you wish to review a picture, all it takes is a push of the button, and you are in review mode.  Want to take another picure?  Just "point and shoot", when you press the shutter release to take a picture, you will automatically exit any of the menu items you may be in at the time.  If the camera goes into power save mode, just "point and shoot", the camera wakes up as soon as the shutter release is pressed.  When turning on the camera, it is ready to take a picture faster than you are.  The bottom line, you will never miss a picture opportunity  because you are waiting on the camera!I expect to have this camera for a very long time.  I have heard some experts say that any digital camera over 5 MP is a waste for home use, since most people will only print out 4 x 6 pictures, with the occasional 8 x 10, but it is comforting to know that I can use this camera to make much larger prints with no loss of detail.  In the long run, I think the initial cost of the camera will be worth it - it should outlast even the best P & S cameras seveal times over.After having owned this camera for a little over a year now, I can find no faults with it.  I recommend this camera to anyone who wishes to make "shutter lag" a thing of the past.