I bought this camera in July of 2011 & it died today October 2012.  The reason why I chose this camera in the first place was because it was an Olympus & my previous camera of 8 years was an Olympus & I loved it.  My old Olympus would probably still be working to this day if my cat didn't decide to pee on it.Like my previous camera I took excellent care of this one with the added precaution of making sure to lock it up if it wasn't in my hands to avoid the possibility of my cat using it for her bathroom needs.Overall the picture quality in the beginning seemed to be pretty good.  I never had need to use all of the features.  Some that I thought I would have a lot of fun with never really performed as expected (poor quality) that I eventually gave up on them.  My number one need for this camera is for business.  I need to take pictures & very good ones at that of what I sell.  I need them to be crisp clear & professional.  As the year went on I noticed that the camera stopped performing correctly.  An example is I set up my studio with excellent lighting & background.  This was working fine.  After a time the camera would adjust the color to yellows.  No matter how many ways to Sunday I made adjustments to the camera & my studio lighting I was getting yellow pictures 7 times out of 10.  This wasted a lot of time & added a lot more work when it came to editing.Regarding the photo software that comes with the camera.  It took a long time to load all of it & it would always crash & freeze.  I stopped using it within a month.Another peeve is it uses FOUR AA batteries!  It was a power hungry beast.  I had to buy extra rechargeable batteries as the quantity I already had wasn't enough to keep up with the beast.  All those batteries add substantial weight to the camera.The camera lens is virtually useless.  It has a cord to attach it to the camera so you don't loose it.  It doesn't fit tightly to the lens & is in the way more than not.Now that this piece of crap died after barely a year I decided to order a "cheap" camera for my business needs.  NOT any Olympus.  I ordered a Canon. No reason other than it has good reviews, the price seems reasonable & it uses a lithium ion battery that recharges.  Photo editing software should more than make up for any flaws in the camera.  Never again will I pay top dollar.  My old Olympus was not top of the line & last many years as mentioned.  Manufacturers simply are not making products with the same quality as they used to.  I am learning that there is simply no point in buying the more expensive item as it will likely break after a little over a year.  Everything is created to be thrown away.The camera I ordered & had to have sent next day as that is just how important it is for me to have a camera is this:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0075SUHWG/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00Is it any good?  I have no idea.  It has got to be better than than this junk... I hope...