This camera is so cool. It is lightweight and just so great. It has a wonderful optical lens that gets far away objects in fine focus. It's digital zoom comes out surprisingly crystal clear. Plus, the multi adjustable exposure is a pleasure to use. You can set the camera to take manual shutter speed or manual exposure or both. You can set the overall lighting for the scene from dark to light. You can also take movies for 16 seconds! You can take self photos-timed, snaps shot on its own. There are several sizes of photos you can take. There are screw threads on the lens so you can also purchase a separate adapter and use filters such as polarization and UV or wide angle lenses (check out Ebay and search "Olympus 720 filter"). You can take time exposures for blurred water flowing or car lights streaming past. You can check out the back of the camera on the sharp active matrix LCD screen and look at the photo you just took and delete ones you don't like. You can watch the movies on the LCD screen. You can use smartmedia cards (check out "Viking" at Amazon) to save photos/movies ...for the maximum size 128 meg card which saves about 50 photos at the largest size or about 650 at 640x480. I think the greatest thing about this camera is the lens. You can zoom in to objects that are VERY far away and have them in sharp focus. I took photos of deer recently this way. It's simple to download the photos with the USB cable. The software that comes with the camera is really cool. You can upgrade ... by purchasing a number online that links right from the software that comes with the camera. The upgrade software is absolutely outstanding. The free stitch mode in the upgrade software is especially cool since it really does an outstanding job of stitching photos-this upgrade software is NOT A BURN..-it's really worth it-compare to other software like this online. Plus, the camera comes with a 16meg card to save photos right away. It comes with a CD of the software. It comes with a lens cap and strap to connect to the lens cap and another strap to connect to the camera. It comes with lithium duracell batteries. It comes with a USB connector cord. It comes with a cord to connect to your TV (stereo cable port) to watch your photos on your TV! You can even set the camera to do a slide show of your photos on the TV. You can watch the movies from your camera on the TV. May I recommend purchasing a 12' extension stereo cord for the TV cable from Radio Shack so you can sit at the sofa and watch your piks on the TV. I really, can honestly say.. that this is an outstanding product. I read the whole manual and tried all the different examples to get all out of this camera possible. It's really fun! Give it a try-you can't go wrong. It's a wonderful family camera or even great for a profesional. It's a blast-I love that I got it.