I drag my stuff through rough conditions, and this camera seems to stand up to the challenge, while also taking excellent pictures.First off, this camera replaces an SW720, which I had for 3 or 4 years. My son took that one to Vietnam with him, so I got this one to replace it. The 720 had always taken really good pictures for me, and I'd drug it through rainstorms, sub-zero backcountry ski trips, and hauled it in my sweat-soaked cycling jersey across Kansas and Colorado in July, all with no ill effects to the camera. This experience led me to want to get the next generation. Some of the reviews I read made me a little cautious, as there seemed to be some folks with picture quality issues.My experience to date is that this camera is easier to use than the 720, (and I considered the 720 easy to use), and the picture quality is every bit as good as the 720. I'm not a professional, and I'm sure that this sort of camera doesn't take images that can compare to a high-end SLR. However, it seems to me that once you step into the point and shoot world, this camera is as good as any in terms of the images it captures. Like any of these cameras, the "magic and presets" that they build in make it very easy to take bad pictures if you aren't careful. For example, if you tell the camera you're taking indoor pictures with flo lights, then try taking outdoor pictures in the sun, you're not going to like the images. However, if you learn how to keep the auto settings at the right place, the pictures seem to be excellent.Regarding ease of use, I really like the layout of the menu, and have come to the point where I can easily make changes to the settings I normally mess with. I do think that the manufactures of these devices should spend more time with people to learn the way people really use cameras, and set up the flow of menus in a way that's better suited to most users. That said, this camera is better than many I've played with, but then again, maybe they're all improving.The one thing I don't like is the weight - this feels about 50% heavier than the 720. If you're designing a device for rugged use, a good assumption is that weight is an important factor to that user. Figure our a way to reduce weight.Have taken a couple thousand images so far - will update again after using it for a year.UPDATE: I've used the camera for over a year now. I retract what I earlier said about image quality - it's not as good as the 720, and certainly not as good as many other cameras I've used. Both the sharpness of the image and the color "mixing" leave something to be desired. I've messed with forcing a lower ISO and everything else I can think of, but have concluded that the quality of the "picture-taking" ability is simply not there.On top of that, after only 4 months, the camera gave me fits on a long cycling trip. I bought a cheap replacement until I could get home and get this one repaired. The cheap replacement took better images. After getting it home, I had to ship the camera to Olympus for repairs, which took many weeks, and now the camera has begun acting up again. While I initially gave this 4 stars, I have to say that after using it for a year, I'm dropping that rating to 2 stars. It would be one star, but it is still rugged - just takes poor images and seems prone to break.