The Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS9 is ready for action. My first Panasonic Lumix from nearly six years ago with 5MP surprised me with the quality of its lens and build. This one is my fourth Panasonic/Leica P&S; camera and none of them has let me down. I also have a Panasonic dedicated video camera which takes 1080P (6ofps), so I know the video quality of a good consumer video recorder.Brief testing has shown this to have excellent video at 720P in good light (the video file size is limited to 2GB per scene). If you don't know the lighting requirements to get good video and still images indoors then don't complain about poor video or stills in the dimly-lit rec room. The lens in this camera has nearly an F/4 lens which is not very fast. A decent HD dedicated video camera would have a lens of F/2 or faster (lets in four times as much light). Also, a video camera would have a total image chip size much larger. The image chip on this camera is less than 1/2 inch in size. This is much smaller than a good quality SLR imaging chip. Quality SLRs are capable of higher quality results because they have more costly lenses, frames, electronics, and imaging chips. For all the previous reviewers who complained that this one hundred and thirty dollar camera was not giving them the results they "expected" I have a word for you: #FAIL!All point and shoot cameras have imaging chips which are about half an inch in size like this one has. And, considering, they take remarkably good photos within their limitations. Unless you are a professional photographer, you might never need any more quality than a good P&S; camera provides. It takes very good stills with long telephoto possible. At this point I should tell you about the button to the right of the shutter/zoom button - it is a dedicated button which caused the zoom to cycle through three ranges with no intermediate stops: 1) zoom to end of optical range, 2) zoom to end of extended optical range, 3) zoom to end of the digital zoom range. Talk about not wasting time if you have some serious rush to zoom way out! And the focus is fast but, of course, you should not just jam the shutter down, but rather press it halfway to focus, then press it the rest of the way to take the picture. Press the shutter at the end of a power zoom to focus better if necessary. It is fast!One thing that I think is extraordinary is that the fastest shutter speed is 1/4000 of a second. I have never heard of an inexpensive P&S; camera with a speed of more than 1/1000 or at most 1/2000 sec shutter speed. Such a high shutter speed being available allows some specialised photography that formerly only an SLR could do. In the menus many selections are available to customise photos and video settings.The camera requires a Panasonic-approved battery so no cheap knock-offs can be used with this. An important and unusual feature in a camera in this price range is that you can use the camera in a fixed setting, eg studio, using a Panasonic DC coupler (which fits into the battery compartment) and a Panasonic AC adapter which plugs into the DC coupler through a little hatch in the bottom of the camera. These are both extra cost Panasonic accessories which give a professional ability to do unlimited shooting without worrying about running out of battery power. Just think! you could run your own photographic studio using such a setup and this little, yet very capable, camera.It arrives with a CD containing a very thorough PDF about the camera. Don't skip this because it is much more valuable than the PDF you can download on the Panasonic website which shows relatively basic information but not the all important details. Another bit of software on the installation CD (which one does not need to use because Windows 7 or Apple OS will handle importing and sorting photos) is Photo Fun 6.0 which, in my opinion might only be worthwhile for stitching photos into a panorama or doing simple edits on video. Google's Picassa photo software, Flickr editing software, Windows Live Photo software, YouTube video editing online, and Apple's iPhoto will likely do as good a job or likely a better job at organising and processing your photos and video.Ergonomics are quite good and it holds and handles well. Feels well-made but heavy (you want that - plastic is light but not as durable, for example) with metal construction. This is a camera you can be proud of. And it may just last long enough to pass down to your children someday, unlike many low priced cameras which fail within a few years. I suggest installing the wrist strap and always use it. Drops kill cameras, even one made as well as this.Lastly, and importantly, it is MADE IN JAPAN!