In the game of tennis, there's an area on the face of the racket known as the "sweet spot," where if the ball is hit there it is returned with special power and accuracy.  Buying a digital camera is an exercise in compromise, and in the EX-Z55 Casio has found a special balance of features, a digicam sweet spot.There is no perfect digital camera--it's more like camera X is perfect for situation A, camera Y is perfect for situation B, and camera Z just isn't anywhere near perfect for anything.  While we all want perfect pictures, most of us would rather sacrifice some quality for a lower price, a smaller or lighter camera, longer battery life or a larger picture capacity, ease of use, fashion, or whatever.  The trick is picking the right compromise.  In my case, this includes the compromise between what I want in a camera and what my wife wants, since we just have one.  We settled on the Casio EX-Z55 eight months ago, and we aren't sorry.I like a lot of control over the process of taking a picture, and I don't really get all the control I want in the EX-Z55.  It's not a camera that gives you full control over aperature, shutter speed, and film speed.  Instead, it relies on its "Best Shot" features, pre-set combinations of such factors.  Usually this works pretty good.  On our daughter's birthday, I was able to get some nice pictures of her with her birthday cake in the dark, by candlelight alone--using the Best Shot created for this purpose.  Unfortunately, there's no Best Shot for sports--for stopping action crisply.  The best I could do was set the camera for a very fast film speed (there is limited control over such things).  But hey, I was looking for something cheap, and I don't blame the EX-Z55 for not being a professional SLR.  I have Best Shot and not full manual control--I'm dealing with it fine, and in some cases my pictures are the better for it.  One other feature I miss is the "power winder" setting, that lets me take a series of pictures quickly without lifting my finger from the button.  Well, I knew that feature was missing, and if it was something I really needed I would have bought something else.My wife and technology do not go together.  She still needs to ask for help (from me or any grade-school kid) in finding the document on the computer she just saved yesterday (usually named "Document38" or something).  This was actually the deciding factor in our choosing the Casio digicam over another brand I had picked out (that gave me more control).  My wife needs a camera that she can point and shoot.  Amazingly, she gets terrific pictures from this camera just pointing and shooting.  We usually leave the camera in Snapshot mode for this reason.  What really impresses me, though, is how easy the menu system is for my wife.  She occasionally wants to change the flash mode or take a short video clip instead of a picture...and so far she's been able to do what she wanted.Everything the manufacturer says about this camera above is true; it just works as advertised.  The shortcomings of this camera tend to be shortcomings with this TYPE of camera more than with this specific model:  It's a small camera, and sometimes when we take pictures, the movement of the camera is reflected in blurry pictures (the camera is not bigger and heavier).  It has a built-in flash, and indoor pictures that rely on flash are washed-out or grayish if not close enough (it doesn't have a standalone strobe with its own battery pack).  Crop a picture and blow it up to poster size, and quality suffers (no $500 lense, only 5 megapixels).  Video is not professional quality (no special microphone, not really a camcorder).  And so on.  But taken as a cheap point-and-shoot digicam, and it exceeds expectations--because it isn't really JUST a point-and-shoot camera.I've used this camera to take pictures of colleagues' business cards when I didn't have another way of makins sure I had their contact information.  I've used this camera to take pictures of documents to send via e-mail when my scanner was broken.  I've used this camera to take pictures of the ancient coins I collect to sell on eBay.  I've used this camera to take pictures by birthday candlelight.  I've used this camera to take video, and edited that video using Ulead Video Studio 8, and distributed the MPEG result.My bottom line:  This is not the perfect camera--but it's perfect for our family, so I give it 5 stars.  It works as advertised, and we haven't wished we would have gotten another model instead.  This feature, that feature, yada, yada--at the end of the day we have the pictures we wanted, better pictures that we've been able to get from any of our previous cameras.  I still wish I had a more professional camera--but since we're compromising on just one camera for the family, this is a better choice overall.A note about the Casio brand:  I like it.  I don't have any experience with their customer relations or service, as I haven't ever had any problems with any of their products until the product was so old I wanted something more up-to-date anyway--so I can't comment on the reviews of Casio service, which I see are unanimously negative here.  I've always found their quality:price ratio to my liking.