I have owned this camera for about 4 months now and have shot well over 1000 photos with it.  It's my first digital camera, and it has exceeded all of my expectations for a reasonably priced digital.You see, I'm a film person who prefers his film cameras all manual for the control it gives me.  So, as you can imagine, I have been very skeptical of digital.  I held out for several years before buying a digital camera in part for this reason, and in part because until recently I could not find a digital camera that met my needs at the price I was willing to pay ($300-$400).  The Canon A80 is that camera, and I'm very happy I waited for it.  Since your needs may not be the same as mine, I should explain what I wanted in a digital camera:at least 4 MPfull manual controls along with the automatic onescompact size (I take most of my photos while hiking)reasonably rugged and well built (for the same reason)excellent optics and picture qualityuses AA batteriesgood battery lifeA fairly tall order, but the A80 fits the bill.  It's small and fits really well into my hands, making it easy to handle even one-handed.  I considered the Canon S400 and S50, too, but their proprietary battery and less ergonomic shape (and the lack of manual controls on the S400) tipped the balance in favor of the A80, even though the A80 is slightly larger.The A80 takes great pictures on program or automatic settings, but allows full manual control, too.  I have found, to my embarrassment, that I actually use the manual controls rarely (they are rather cumbersome on the A80--lots of buttons to push--but I'm still glad I have them).  Shutter lag is minimal compared to other digital cameras I have tried out, and the automatic focus works very well.  The A80 also takes spectacular closeups in macro mode.  The flip-out LCD has turned out to be far more useful than I expected, and also protects the screen when folded in.  I do not care much about, flash, indoor shots, or moving subjects (I shoot mostly landscapes) so I can't say much about them, except that it is nice to have these capabilities, and I have gotten a few great shots of wildlife with the A80.Battery life is excellent.  I use 1800ma NiMH rechargeable AA batteries in it, and though I have shot all day on more than one occasion (250+ shots), I have not yet run out of power in the field (I always start out the day with a fully charged set of batteries).  The fact that it takes AA size batteries makes for cheaper batteries and greater flexibility when your rechargeable NiMH batteries run out of power and you have no charged  replacements.  My only quibble is a tendency to blow out highlights (bright areas) of some photos, and some purple fringing where dark areas meet much brighter areas in a photo.  I understand there are adjustments one can make to avoid both, but I have not yet achieved this level of expertise.In short, this was a great choice for my first digital camera.  I'm having a lot of fun with it and discovering that in some respects digital gives you even more control over your photos than my old all manual Nikon does.  I've found the photo software Canon includes to be quite adequate, though you'll want Photoshop or equivalent for more complex work with your photos.