I went digital 5 years ago.  My first was one of the very old Olypus digitals; no removable storage, just a cable to the computer, 120 low resolution or 30 medium resolution shots and then the memory was full.  The colors were always off, there was no zoom, and it was amazing that it worked at all.  No wonder I also bought a pocket 35mm camera to take "real" pictures since the Olympus' were so small, grainy, and colorless.  At least the 35mm had a datestamp option.  3 years later I bought the Canon PowerShot S30, then when I lost it (or had it stolen?) I replaced it with the S40.  The PowerShot S50 sold today is the same body style with more pixels and a couple of annoyances fixed.This camera is NOTHING like those cameras.  I had plenty of complaints about the S30 & S40.  My biggest gripe was missing the shot.  I take pictures of children, especially at school functions.  I would line up a wonderful shot, push the button... and they would move!  They'd get up and walk away, they'd turn around, they'd crowd into the subject, I was missing 80% of my shots.  About a year later, the shutter would finally click.  So my hard drive is filled with so-so shots that would have been winners if that annoying delay hadn't gotten me... again!No problem with the Digital Rebel.  Press the button, focus is lightning-fast, then click goes the shutter.  You look through the viewfinder to frame your shot, not at the back on those hard-to-read LCD screens.  Several modes allow multiple pictures, just in case, such as in Sports mode. I am seeing such an improvement in my pictures since I got this camera a few weeks ago.  First of all, they are always framed properly, because I'm not dealing with sudden motion after shutter release, nor am I dealing with an LCD for a viewfinder, or a "viewfinder" that makes me correct for parallax.  Next, the colors are amazing.  Third, 6.3 megapixels... when would I ever want that much?  When I want to crop 80% of the picture and still print what's left!It is great to have a camera with some heft that still doesn't feel like a brick.  As everyone else says, get the kit lens.  It is 18 to 55mm, so a nice wide-angle lens for group shots, etc.  I find 55mm not close enough for shooting children; the S30/S40 I mention above has an 11-55mm range which I already knew to be insufficient for shooting kids. Thus I bought the Canon 28-200mm zoom lens and keep that one on the camera, only switching to the kit lens when I do big groups or a lot of similar portraits (that big zoom lens weighs four times as much as the body!) Yes, it is an amazing camera for "under" $1000.  Truth be told, I spent more than that on accessories; the 28-200mm lens was almost $500, with 6.3 megapixels you might as well buy the biggest flashcard you can, and that's 2 GB these days; you'll need a case, you really ought to buy skylight filters to protect those lenses from getting scratched, an extra battery is a really good idea... well, you see what I mean.Still an amazing camera, especially after dealing with those tiny toys for all these years.