This is a great camera. This is the "can do" camera! Why buy a Digital SLR? The SP570 does so much, and so well, that D-SLRs aren't worth the great extra cost or trouble. Plus you have to pay EXTRA for the lenses for D-SLRs!If you want to just take decent pictures, then any decent digital camera will be good enough. But if you want to take great pictures in many situations, from many distances, in most all lighting conditions, and always have some flexibility to "grow into," then the Olympus SP-570 is the best choice!Ask yourself: Do you care? Are you going to improve in time? Do you want to capture images that make people, or at least you, say "Wow?" Are you curious about photography? Do you want to get to the next level? Do you like having good & capable tools to use? Do you ever see a picture that someone else took, and think "that's great, I wish I could do that?"To "get there," you need tools, education, and practice. You must have "good enough" tools to do work that is "good enough." The pictures are already in you, and in your environment. Set them free so you, and others, can enjoy them, or learn from them, or "see" and feel something new, something valuable.Those who don't promote and share art, kill a great part of life. There are billions of pictures out there just waiting for a caring person, an open eye, and a capable camera, to capture them and give them to the world.Go to the Olympus Digital Camera website: [...]Look at the features, and learn. Then imagine what you could do, if you only had the tools to "TRY."I bought this camera, the Olympus SP-570, back in April 2008, the first week that it came out, as a gift for my sister. NO REGRETS! My sister loves me for this great gift! By the way, this was the very first digital camera that my sister has ever used! And at 61 years old, she isn't so much the "tech type."  Every week she tries new things with her new camera. The Olympus SP-570 gives her great joy by freeing her creativity, opening the door for her, and delivering wonderful imagery. Yes, I'm a hero now!Also buy yourself a "good" tripod, camera case, extra xD-Picture cards, a USB xD-Picture Card reader, and USE THEM! (The reader looks like a "USB Flash Drive.) Keep the extra xD-Pictue cards and the xD-Picture Card reader in the camera case. This way if you need them, then they will be with your camera and you can get to them, instead of sounding like some lame dim-whit and having to say: "Oh, I left that at home, sorry."[...]. Now you can transfer your pictures into most any computer on Earth!Also, as soon as you get a new xD-Picture Card, put it into your SP-570, select the menu, and navigate to "Format Card." This will clean and better prepare your new card for use. Also, before you go to do any important photographic exercise, down load ALL pictures on your cards, and again "Format" each card. This will ensure that all cards are clean, and will enable the camera to "map" any bad cells so that you won't LOOSE any important pictures.Also: practice. And take lots of pictures! Lots & lots & lots of pictures. They're FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You can always delete the bad pictures. But if you don't have the pictures to select from, you won't have the luxury of deleting the bad pics. All good, smaller format photographers, take extra pictures! Later you can delete, but you can't take more pictures later. "Strike while the iron is hot!" That's good advice.Also: Get up early and photograph your environment at "Dawn," or shoot at sunset. The low angle light makes your pictures more appealing. Push the envelope! Have FUN!But most importantly, buy the best camera that you can afford! I recommend the Olympus SP-570! Now I've given you the information, you must act on it. P.S.: I am a Mensan, the smartest people on Earth, so my opinions carry extra value and cache. Oh, and I'm very modest!