Overall, a small, easy to carry feature packed camera. Subject Tracking AF and Area AF make it easy to stay locked onto a subject that's moving so you can take a clear picture. The 110,000 pixel LCD display provides a crisp clear image. The optional RC-3 remote control allows you to tripod mount the camera and take self-portraits--if you think being able to do that is worth the [money]for the remote. A customer from San Diego, CA USA claimed that the F100 'did not have "time stamp" option which will allow customer to put date on picture automatically'. Actually it does. Under Manual mode, Menu->Custom 2 tab, there's an option called "date imprint". Turning it on sticks the date on the photo automatically. This option applies to manual mode, but you can still configure manual mode with the menus to be mostly automatic anyway. Why so many complain about features a device doesn't (appear to) have without bothering to read the manual first, eludes me. Besides, why ruin a good picture with a big DATE STAMP when the camera records all of the image details in the jpeg file? With the software included, it's very easy to see the time, date, capturing device settings and dozens of other jpeg properties after the fact without compromising the photo.The fact that Minolta doesn't include an AC adapter is a kicker because the AC-6 adapter costs a hefty [amount]. If you happen to have a card reader which is a better option than the USB cable anyway (go ahead and buy the 6-in-1 type so you can read anything), the adapter really isn't that important unless you like putting up slide shows on TV with the included A/V adapter cable.Minolta was one of the few companies who considered customer convenience in this design--they wisely chose to use AA batteries. Olympus is one of the few manufacturers to use AAs in most of their models. Most cameras I reviewed in the 4MP range use those ridiculously overpriced proprietary Li-Ion batteries. If you happen to be overseas without a charger that supports alternate voltages (a situation I'm in frequently), you'd better take a spare, and plan on paying around [money], or foot the bill for a dual-voltage charger if you can even get one. On top of that, you'll be lucky if you get 2 years out of the stupid things, and then you're out another [money] or so if the manufacturer even still makes them by that time. Minolta eliminated all of this pain by using standard off-the-shelf good old [inexpensive] AAs in the F100. Buy a few NiMH to carry around and keep a couple of lithium AAs with you to use if you run out of charged NiMH batteries. Worst case, stop at a gas station and load up on Alkaline AAs. They'll have a shorter life, but at least your camera still functions! If you're looking at cameras that use proprietary batteries, think long and hard about how you might wind up without the facilities to recharge before you buy. Sooner or later, it will be a problem.The LCD is recessed which helps protect it from sharp objects sliding over the back of the camera--an unfortunate oversight on another brand which now has several scratches across the screen.The lens retracts into the camera and a cover automatically closes to protect it. No lens cap to lose, no slide cover to forget to close. This lens cover design may not protect quite as well as a heavy sliding cover on other models, but given the price, I have no intentions of using my camera as a football anyway. Keep it in a padded carry bag.One last pleasant surprise from the Minolta is the F100's ISO capability. Most cameras I've seen go up to 400, amd nearly all use 100-200 when left in auto--including the Minolta. In manual mode, the Minolta can go as high as ISO 800. This allows the camera to take photos in surprisingly low-light situations--often without the flash! There is a tradeoff though: just as with film, the higher ISO settings result in "granier" images. Still, if it's grainy or nothing, I'll choose grainy.