I would normally check CNET or Amazon Reviews before purchasing something of this nature but didn't because I purchased this camera on a whim in Wal-Mart. I agree with all the 1 star reviews but chose to give this camera 2 stars because I was able to get some decent pictures out of it. I will never purchase a Nikon Cool Pix camera EVER again for the following reasons that I've listed below:We just got back from taking a family vacation over Spring break and this camera has given us nothing but problems.  The top of the line batteries don't last very long in this camera.  We constantly had to change out the batteries.  I was hoping to get better usage from the batteries and bought this camera thinking it would be more convenient than carrying around our lithium rechargeable battery camera.The flash on this camera is insufficient. There are times when it does not work and when it does, it whitewashes the entire picture!  I have experienced delay times when going back and forth between the different modes. Most of all of our pictures came out blurry regardless of whether or not the person was standing still.  You could be standing absolutely still and the picture will still come out blurry! There is a delay between the time you snap the picture and when your actual photo shows up on the screen.  I've also noticed that the shades in colors are also different on the LCD screen which is very frustrating.  We constantly had to retake pictures.  I've had to delete so many pictures.When using the provided USB cable to connect the camera to my laptop several issues occurred.  I kept getting error messages.  At first I thought it was my computer so I rebooted and tried again and got the same error messages.  I also tried on a desktop and encountered the same problems.  It took me forever to transfer pictures to my computer because an error message kept popping up stating, "L22 is busy" or "Your device is not functioning properly" and once the error appeared, the camera would lock up my system and then I would have to use the task manager to close out the program.  It also locked up my desktop computer when I tried using it on there.  When I was finally able to get it to work, I would still get the error message and if it didn't lock up my system, it would knock me out of the program and I would have to start over with the photo transfer!  I was finally able to transfer photos after struggling with it for over two hours!  That is totally unacceptable.  I haven't had a chance to read through the reviews to see if any other members experienced these same problems but having dealt with all these issues, I can honestly say that I will never ever purchase another one of these cameras again!  I recommend you don't purchase this piece of junk either.