(UPDATE #2: FOLLOW-UP (NEGATIVE))(UPDATE #1: READ MY IMPRESSIONS AFTER A MONTH OF USE BELOW)I've had this running for a few days now so I thought I'd give an early review.I have it set up outside under an eve in my carport. It's been in the mid 20's at night here and the camera is running fine. So far the camera is working well. The set up was pretty strait forward. I didn't even look at the user manual or put in the CD that cam with it. My experience with IP camera's is that they all install with a little tech know-how. You HAVE to know how to access your router settings. If you don't, from what I've read, Foscam support is pretty helpful.I'll get strait to the pro's and con's:Pro's:1) Semi-functional night time infrared viewing.2) Email alarm works well. You can adjust the sensitivity. Have not tired the FTP, but I assume it works fine.3) Affordable4) Easy web UI with some options to adjust image quality wherever you are.Con's:1) Not exactly "wide angle." Although it does have a decent viewing angle. Just don't expect anything super wide.2) Resolution is lacking. Max is 640 x 480. Image is slightly fuzzy/grainy. Suits my needs well enough though.3) Dongle is a little awkward with power and Ethernet all attached in one spot. No option to just have a power cord for clean installation.4) IR at night tends to wash out things directly in front of it. Haven't tried the "IR cut" feature yet. Not exactly sure where it is on the UI. I have it set to "outdoor" mode.UPDATE #1:I've used this in two locations in 1 month. The first was at home where temps are about 35 degrees. It dropped to the mid-twenties at night for about a week strait as well. I had sun and rain and everything worked fine. I recently transferred it to a cabin in the mountains where it's in the 20's and 30's and few feet of snow on the ground. This is where it has showed its flaws. The IR gives a false alarm when it switched over in the morning (AND SOMETIMES NIGHT). The camera also flickers quite a bit when the sun comes out and reflects off the snow, causing more false alarms. After going to the Foscam forums, this seems to be a common complaint. The camera has no way of knowing the IR cut is giving a false alarm. As for the flickering, the only option is to downsize the viewing resolution. The highest level resolution of 640 x 480 is nothing to write home about. Having to use the smaller 320 x 240 makes me feel like I'm using '90's tech. The flickering can best be described as a dynamic contract getting confused, but as far as I can tell, there is no dynamic contrast feature built in.So now I'm using the 320 x 240 resolution and the alarm sensitivity set at 1 (out of 10; 10 being the highest). I still get false alarms at this setting.All of the firmware is at the latest revisions, which was supposed to stop the flickering. But it obviously hasn't. Again, the issue only happens when there is sun and snow present (i.e.- a lot of light variance quickly). I'll add one star if they can fix it via firmware update.UPDATE #2:I've been using this for a few months now and have had a recurring issue where the alarm and the night-vision (IR) conflict. When then IR comes on OR off in the AM/PM the alarm triggers and sends me an email. Very annoying. I ended up turning off the alarm during the hours that the IR would tun on/off, which sort of defeats the purpose of a motion alarm for security purposes. I emailed customer support about this and they recommend I hard reset the device, which is a no-go for me since it's managed remotely. All firmware is up to date but I have seen that this is a common problem. From my experience, any time customer support tells you to "hard reset" their product, it's usually a sign that there is no fix. -1 star.The alarm also triggers when the sun comes and goes, even at low sensitivity. Seems the dynamic contract isn't smart enough to compensate. The work-around is to lower the resolution to the smallest setting, which is not ideal since the resolution is already pretty low.So mainly, my gripes are due to the alarm functionality. Turn it off and it's an OK product. I will look elsewhere for my next IP Webcam with alarm functionality for my next purchase.