I will add my voice to the many positive reviews of this little gem and comment upon some of the negatives expressed elsewhere.First of all, I must give a standing ovation, two thumbs-up, and any other accolades you can think of, to my absolute, positive favorite feature of this camera:  MACRO MODE, and, even better, SUPER-MACRO-MODE!!!!  Macro mode lets you focus on a subject down to four inches from the lens, and still allows use of telephoto; super-macro-mode lets you focus down to TWO CENTIMETERS (less than 1 inch) from the lens.  I do a lot of EBay and have need for detailed closeups of hallmarks and faded writing on antiques, and this feature is UN-BE-LIEVABLE.  Not only can you get 1 inch from your subject, but with 10 megapixels of resolution, you can go into Photoshop, crop a small section of the resulting picture, and blow it up to many times its size while still maintaining good clarity.  The result is that you can obtain clear pictures of details that are FREAKING MICROSCOPIC.  I kid thee not.  This feature alone is worth the very reasonable price.  You will find one or two reviews that comment on some kind of "focusing problem" when in macro mode.  To those people, I say:  RTFM!!!  When you hold the shutter part way down, the camera displays a focusing square, and it will be green when the camera successfully focuses.  It blinks red if the camera fails to achieve focus.  If that little guy is green, you will get a perfect picture every time. If it's red, just move a bit farther away from the subject and try again.  When you are operating that close, half an inch one way or the other makes a huge difference.  I will repeat:  THERE IS NO FOCUSING ISSUE IN MACRO MODE!!!!!OK, enough of that.  Other items:1) Some of the negative reviews say the picture quality is poor.  Those people must have been reviewing a different camera.  Or else they were competitors trying to badmouth the product.  Picture quality is superb.2) Many reviews comment that "shadow mode" is the key to taking good pix with this camera.  YES IT IS!  They goofed a teeny bit by not making it "on" by default.3) Yes, the 7x optical zoom is sweet.4) BATTERY:  One review commented that the "battery remaining" display is inaccurate.  I have to concur with that.  It tends to say 4 bars for a long time and then suddenly drop down to zilch.  However, in general the battery life is good and par for the course as such cameras go.  One review commented that if you use a lot of the optional features of the camera, the battery runs out quickly.  I'm sure she's right, but that is true of ANY camera.5) Personally I like to play around with settings when I shoot pictures and prefer cameras that are less "point'n'click" and more "do-it-yourself".  This camera has achieved a good balance between the two.  The automatic features of this camera result in good enough pictures that I really don't have much desire to play around (although I do recommend that you read the manual to learn more about how they work and become fluent with them).  They do allow you to perform a fair number of manual tweaks if you care to (but not aperature and shutter speed, the two most important ones!).6) Some reviews have commented that the flash is too strong.  I rarely use the flash and this thing takes great pictures without it 95% of the time (and it has several special modes to help you avoid using the flash). However, the one or two times I've tried, the results were less than stellar.  Yes, it seems on the strong side and seems to wash out the colors somewhat.  I'm convinced there's something I can set on this camera to improve this situation, but I haven't taken the time to figure that one out.Bottom line:  I LOVE THIS CAMERA!!!  And it doesn't even cost an arm and a leg.  The camera I truly thought I wanted was the Canon Powershot SX10, but I just couldn't bring myself to shell out the $400.  I decided to give this one a try and am very glad I did.