I actually returned the first f200exr that I had received because the colors looked washed out and worse than my five year old casio exilim which I loved.  Ultimately I wanted a camera that would give me better shots in low light though.  I just received my new f200exr in the mail and The pictures do look very good.  A word of advice though, I realize that my pictures looked washed out after I set the compression quality from Normal (N) to Fine (F), which technically should have made the pictures better, but actually made them considerably worse.I'm not certain yet if I'm going to keep this camera or not.  I tested it against the Canon sx200IS, which takes wonderful normal light pictures, and against my girlfriends Canon SD870is to which I would say is a very solid camera as well.  I have a Canon S90 on the way that I'm going to test it against as well.  The Canon was considerably more expensive than I was planning on, but ultimately I'll base my decision on picture quality and overall build quality of the camera.Build quality is one thing that I will say the Fuji gets full points for.  This camera is compact and feels very solid in the hand.  The controls are comfortably placed, though the flash is in a bad spot.  It took me days before I stopped automatically covering the flash while holding the camera, but eventually you do get used to it.  I agree with some other reviews that the menu isn't great, but it is perfectly usable once you get past the steep learning curve in the beginning. I'm not thrilled with the picture quality, but then I am coming from another very nice camera.  I would say that the low light photos are very good, especially if you limit the ISO (since the camera likes to force it up to about 1600 every time is sees a shadow) and just accept that low light will require a tripod.  Or in place of a tripod, just use the 2 second timer and set it on something solid.  I'm planning on testing more in normal lighting.  One other thing that you might want to be aware of is that when on full auto EXR mode, it does make a bit of noise.  It was enough to bother me, but then I tend to be sensitive to such things so you might be fine.Overall I would say that I do like the camera very much.  I think that for the casual photographer it would be great.  It's got a nice large sensor for lower light and the sensor design, I think, holds quite a bit of promise for the future of fuji cameras; I'll definitely be keeping an eye on them for the next few years.  I think all but the most picky will be happy with this camera.  I've done more research into cameras the past three weeks than I would care to admit and if you're willing to put the work in to really learn this camera I think you'll like it.