The 8800 is one of the best 8mp cameras out on the market today.  As a photographer, in my early days, I was after sharp pictures.  The 8800 delivers in this area and has one of the best zoom lens of any digital camera.  I've compared them all.  If you love macro photograph you will love the 8800 with VR.  VR technology allows and adjusts for camera shake.  It will not work miracles but it does work and will give you sharp pictures when other cameras will give you a blurred pic.  The 8800 is built like a tank with an all magnesium body.  The buttons and dials are all first class and have a high quality feel to them. The camera feels good in my hands and is very ergonomic.  One of the greatest joys of this camera is that it is an easy to learn and use.  The camera has many features that are easy to get to without toggling through an lcd screen. The 8800 uses a dial on the top of the camera where the "most used" features are quickly available.  The 8800 has many positives.  Fast AF in normal lightning, incredible sharp pictures, a macro lens to die for (snapped a few sharp macro shots without a tripod that were razor sharp), a bright LCD screen that swivels any way you want, a great viewfinder that is accurate, infinity mode, several shooting modes (aperture priority, shutter priority, true manual, programmed mode), and excellent battery life all in a compact package.  Some of the negatives:  Dim lightening situations are not the Nikon's friend.  I'm taking about a dimly lit room or no light at all. I simply turn on a light and I'm ready to go.  If you do lots of birthday parties and are trying to capture the action in total darkness this camera is not for you.  Although, there are work arounds.  Focus with the lights on and then take your shots with the lights off.  Another negative are the write times. The camera has minimal lag.  When you press the button the camera takes the pic without any noticeable lag.  However, in the highest JPG mode the camera takes a few seconds to write to the CF card.  Unless you're doing action photography this shouldn't be a problem.  And the 8800 has burst modes that allow you to take multiple shots blazing fast when you press the shutter.  You will not be able to refocus or compost the pic.  The viewfinders go black too.  I don't see myself using these modes.  There has also been concern about manual focus on this camera.  It is useless but so is the manual focus on every other digital camera I tried including the FZ20.  Honestly the camera can do a better job then your eye anyway, IMHO.  If you want manual focus you'll have to pony up for a DSLR which has interchangeable lenses:  You'll pay a lot more for a Nikon lenses with VR then you will for the 8800.  All in all the Nikon is a great camera and I'm glad I bought the camera and I would buy it again.