I bought this camera for my recent two-weeks vacation trip. Previously I was using Canon A510 and I loved that camera, thinking, that I'd be Canon's fan for many future models. At the time I wanted to upgrade I made several-month-investigation looking forward to seeing Canon releasing a perfect camera for me. Perfect for my requirements would be small sized, a nice 10x+ zoom, around 10Mpx matrix, good picture quality and good video quality (preferably HD). Months were passing and nothing new apart of IS SX200 appeared on the market. The latter after summarizing all pros and cons lost the fight with Lumix ZS3.  I've chosen ZS3 for its compact size, nice zoom, optical zoom capabilities while filming, wide angle and HD movies. I have to admit, that lumix did a pretty good job with my pictures I was taking for the last month. I regret though that it tends to change colors completely where my old Canon very adequately transferred real-world colors into the digital pictures. During the day I think ZS3 did very well easily leaving A510 behind because of the zoom capabilities and ultra-wide angle (25mm) view. It's amazing how many objects can now fit into the picture compared to my previous photos. During the night however or at the sunrise I'd say I liked the Canon better. The reason for that is the sky, although looking pretty warm, had totally different color at the picture compared to what I saw with my eyes. Beach during the night in 'starry night' mode (15/30/60 s exposure time) ended up in being GREEN !!! That is not acceptable for me. Other pictures in night light also had mangled colors, which could only be fixed with manual 'white balance' set (you can set it with ZS3). I was expecting from Intelligent Auto present at ZS3 something more accurate. I also cannot understand why iA mode can't take pictures in 16:9 format in higher resolution than 2.5MB !??? Shooting a fullmoon was also hard to do. Using all possible tricks I finally managed to take its picture after doing 30+ pictures earlier. With my previous Canon it only took few to make a nice sharp photo (with worse zoom though of course). One advantage of the new ZS3 is ability to do pretty sharp night photos without using flash - Optical Image Stabilization is doing a great job, allowing to catch more of the background behind the object sharply.  Overall I would recommend this camera to people who want to do nice wide-angle pictures during the day and don't expect doing any artistic photography. Camera is small taking into consideration it's 12x zoom and has a nice large LCD screen with excellent resolution (460K pixels). When I look at movies on a regular TV (no-HD) motion picture looks much better on the small screen of the camera, than the big tube; On a HD-ready 16:9 screen - movies are excellent!  What I'm missing in the camera are manual settings I had in my simple Canon. I don't think that will come as a firmware upgrade though, cause they want to you to buy even more expensive model to have that. Weird thing is that cheaper models tend to have manual settings available.  As for battery - I thought my batteries would do a little better than what I have observed. I managed to do around 200 pictures mixed with video shooting + some reviewing. For that reason I have bought 2 additional batteries and degraded firmware to 1.1 to allow third-party manufacturer savings.  At the end I wish Amazon hasn't changed their price a couple of days after I ordered my product, which would save me around 25$. Customer service didn't want to hear about that refund :////To sum up here are Pros:- 12x optical zoom (also while filming)- 460K pixels LCD bright screen- stereo microphone- ultra wide angle (25mm)- pretty decent small size compared to functions- AVCHD (makes great quality movies with less storage needed)Cons:- No manual controls- Some colors tend to be changed during evening/sunrise- I think I had smoother pictures with Canon earlier- menu changes depending on the mode you're shooting in, which tends to be confusing (like economy options not available in iA)