Pros  -  great image stabilization, beautiful low light shots, stylish durable bodyCons  -  short battery life, no optical zoom on video function, pop-up flash risks snapping offI'm a night owl and I was specifically looking for a camera capable of taking great pictures in low light situations without using a flash and without blurring.  I had a 200 dollar limit and only went by reading hundreds of reviews (cnet, google & amazon), never actually having an opportunity to try out a camera hands on.  It was the lowest rated of the last three cameras I was looking at, but in the end, after a month of searching, I finally decided the sx120is was the best choice.  It was durable and sophisticated looking, complete with a 3" LCD and had near flawless reviews.  There wasn't a whole lot of negative feedback on this camera, all of what I read pretty much said the same and what I got was expected.  Needless to say, that wasn't much.  My only major complaint is battery life.  On average, my rechargables last about 30 minutes.  Fortunately it only requires 2 AA batteries so I'm able to charge the other two while I used the first two on taking pictures.  Still, even with the rechargables switching out, 40 minutes to an hour isn't a lot of time when you're doing heavy photography like a vacation or something.  The manual that came with the camera tells you nothing.  All the information on manual settings is on the cd, which kinda stinks.  Although a bit frustrating, I'm a guy and find instructions more time consuming that figuring things out on my own.  I discovered using program mode with the florescent H light setting and vivid color gave beautiful shots with no flash in low light producing very little grain.  I even went as far as to take pictures with ALL of the lights out in my room and only the shades open letting city lights shine through.  I couldn't believe how well pictures came out in near total darkness.  My face was still very visible in front of the dark red 3am sky behind me.  A little grain but expected and not anything that couldn't be fixed with a little photoshop magic.  I had the most fun taking close ups.  I got some amazing detail that I didn't even know cameras that cheap were capable of producing.  There's a sunset mode, if you've been reading reviews I'm sure you've heard about it.  Although the intent is for sunsets, I don't think it's a good setting as the natural colors of the sunset are filtered, though it IS wonderful for ugly colored automatic situations, instantly turning white light to a dim `italian style' lighting.  For my pale skin I found it especially useful not bringing out all of my blemishes.  I didn't remember reading anything in the reviews about it, but the camera has a sensor in it so the images turn to face you when you turn the camera.  There is only a very small (128mB) SD card included, though to my surprise, that still holds approximately 100 high quality pictures.  Most of the pictures I took were a quarter of the highest quality and still far bigger than I needed.  A new card, if that is the issue, is gonna be an expense with any camera, and a 4gB Sd card can be purchased for as little as a dollar on ebay, $10 on average.  Considering it doesn't fall apart and have issues (which there is a warranty I sent in) I'd give this a 4.8 out of 5.  This was a great buy and I can only hope my next camera purchase is as good as this.