SUMMARY:For those that are seeking excellent photo quality, this camera trumps its competition. Also, this camera will suit you well if you like to shoot with different scenes, tweak settings and/or customize things. On the other hand, if you're looking for something very simple, small and/or low-cost, then this is not the camera for you.PREFACE:When it comes time to make a big purchase, my husband and I seek out the best of the best. We always do lots of research and read countless reviews. This research has made it clear that in the world of compact point & shoot cameras, Canon stands out above the rest. And right now, the best camera available in this class is the Canon Powershot S90. (For those interested, our favorite trusted camera review sites are: [...] and [...])Why is it the best? There are too many things to list here... Here's a link to a very detailed review:[...].MY REVIEW:For me personally, the most important selling points were:1.) LARGE CCD SENSOR - The sensor is much larger than your typical compact camera sensor, and it is a CCD which is superior to the more commonly found CMOS sensor. Normally you will only find this type of sensor on a digital SLR (DSLR). As a result, the photo quality from this camera rivals that of my Nikon DSLR. The photo quality is spectacular, especially in low light. You really have to see some sample comparison photos to truly appreciate it.2.) CUSTOMIZABLE "SCENE" - It has your typical automatic and scene modes, but also has a customizable mode like you will find on DSLRs. This gives you the ability to tweak the settings exactly the way you like them and save them as a separate "C" mode - easily accessible on the top dial.3.) CUSTOMIZABLE BUTTON & LENS RING. Have you ever been frustrated with the number of steps required to change certain settings? Well this camera allows you to customize the functions of the "S" button and the ring around the lens so you can set up easy shortcuts to the settings/features you use most often. Personally, I use the "S" button to change shooting mode (single shot vs. continuous vs. timer), and I use the lens ring to control exposure compensation (to make photos lighter or darker).4.) LOW LIGHT CAPABILITY - I am usually never happy with the way photos turn out using the flash on a compact camera... The lighting just tends to look unnatural. So whenever possible, I shoot with the flash off. Since this camera handles low light so well, I almost never use the flash. I am just blown away by some of the photos this camera has taken in low light! Again, you have to see it to believe it.5.) HIGH RESOLUTION DISPLAY - With most compact camera displays, when reviewing a photo it's usually hard to tell if the focus was correct, among other things. But the high resolution display on this camera shows excellent detail and reproduces color well, thus giving you a much more accurate preview of the photo.Some downsides to note:1.) POOR BATTERY LIFE - Just order a few compatible generic batteries and always keep a charged spare in your camera case. I do this with all of my cameras, regardless of their battery life. There's nothing worse than having a fantastic photo opportunity and a dead battery!2.) POOR ERGONOMICS - When holding the camera in your right hand, your index finger falls naturally on the mode selection dial, not the shutter. This can be annoying, but as you use the camera more, your muscle memory puts your finger in the right place. Also, it's really easy to turn the lens ring, thus changing the outcome of your photo. I have found no resolution to this problem other than to be careful.3.) SIZE/SHAPE - It's a little less compact than many of the compact cameras available these days. However, it has to be larger to fit the big sensor in there, so I'm willing to make that sacrifice. Also, the fact that the lens sticks out makes it a bit awkward to fit in certain cases or to tuck away into a purse or pocket.Overall, I am thrilled with this camera! It continues to amaze me and give me that giddy "I LOVE this thing!" feeling. :)