I've had this camera for 4 months now, and overall I'm very happy I purchased it (even at the time for $369).  But, though it takes respectable photos, I think I might have had higher expectations than I should have.  I also own a Nikon D40 DSLR and the ZS3's photo quality and versatility really doesn't compare, especially in low light.But, I can't fit the D40 in my coat pocket.  I can't shoot HD video with my D40.  And, I can't match the convenience and portibility of the ZS3 with the D40.  Essentially, these two cameras compliment each other nicely.The PROS of the ZS3:- Small.  Not miraculously small, but small enough for a coat pocket or little bag.- Solid Construction.  A nice weight and sturdiness.  It feels really nice in the hand.- Excellent photo quality in daylight.  Really nice looking photos up to 200 film speed.- Optical Range. 25-300mm equivilent.  Honestly, 300 is more than enough for me (I'll break out the DSLR if I'm doing some nature stuff that requires 300mm).  But, every once in a while it's handy.  It's the 25mm that is vital, especially for small rooms or spaces.  Or, if you have a toddler coming at you really fast.  I find it's a huge advantage compared to the other super-zooms.- HD video.  The quality is exceptional for a camera.  Additionally, it does relatively well in low light conditions - or indoors.  The ability to zoom optically is very useful.  It's extremely convenient.  I absolutely love this feature.  I'd almost be happy with this camera if it only took video!- Impressive iA/AUTO feature, if you don't want to think or are handing the camera to anyone who hasn't used it before.The CONS of the ZS3- Very few manual settings.  No setting Apeture.  No setting Shutter.  Though, you can set Film Speed which is nice (I tend to set mine to 80 - or max 200 - when I'm concerned about noise).  It feels like the dslr "Program" setting in that sense.- Really confusing menu.  My wife (who's an excellent photographer, but doesn't use this camera much) still can't figure this thing out.  Heck, I still get disoriented figuring out where things are and when to press what.  It's FAR from an intuitive camera if your not just using iA for everything.- Really bad low light color photo quality (though I should note that low light video is pretty impressive).  Lot of yellow fringing at high ISO's.  But, more respectable (and usable) low light results when set to BW.- Really annoying toggling between Photo and Playback settings.  Basically, after you take a photo you can only review the one photo that you just took (without being able to zoom).  If you want to review further, you have to switch out of Photo and toggle to Playback which closes up and shuts down the lens.  It can be tedious and make you miss some shots.- Slippy Menu Dial on top.  I read other people's complaints about this and thought them silly, but having owned the camera, I've discovered it is more than annoying.  I've taken dozens of photos not realizing I slipped my camera onto a night setting by mistake because the dial is so loosy-goosy.  How did I not notice?  See above - I didn't bother going to Playback to review because it's tedious and I didn't want to miss any action.- Battery life - even when not shooting video, this thing eats through batteries.  If you are on a day trip, you'll have to be cognizant of your battery power.  As of now it's hard to find affordable back up batteries.To review:  The ZS3 is pocketable and can take some fantastic photos, especially in good light.  Just don't expect photo miracles - It's still a point and shooter, though a better than average one with pleasing results overall.  The miracle on this camera is in the video.  I love the video on this camera and find it easy, convenient and excellent in quality.