This is a great little camera, and I say "little" as compared to the SLR styles.  Some of the pocket models are getting down right tiny.  This camera is a bit smaller than previous models and can be carried in a pocket easily.  It his well made and feels like a high priced camera, which it is.  The main reason I favored this camera over other models capable of taking really good pictures too is the Optical Telephoto 12x Zoom.  As with the older model the pictures taken with the zoom are unbelievable.  To really appreciate what Panasonic has done one has to be old enough to remember taking Telephoto pictures with the 35MM SLR.  Canon and Nikon are scrambling to come up with a comparable model to compete with the success of the Panasonic.  Yes, like others, I miss having the backup eye piece for those times the lighting conditions make it difficult to compose a shot with the LCD back screen.  I have an older Kodak with a through the lens eye piece and it still takes good pics but boy is it slow and it is like the SLR in size so does not slip into a coat pocket so easy.  The menu on the SZ3 Lumix is easy to use and looks great.  some menus on other cameras just look cheap -- picky, I know, but this camera is not cheap.  Battery life is really good, I have a backup battery but hardly need it.  The second battery is handy, however.  The camera comes with a Charger and it is an improvement over the older model as it is a quick charge type.  I think the flash has been improved also as it has better range than before and it is not as prone to washing our a flash picture.  Another improvement is the ability to use the zoom while filming in video.  Okay, so what don't I like?  The The software is crap.  It comes with two types of software, Media Impressions from ArcSoft which is okay but it will not play the new AVCHD video format -- you will still have HD JPEG, thank god, but the software they give you to play the new format AVCHD is junk, it does not work, and I'm not the only one to have this problem.  The title to this software is PhotoFunStudios and it is anything but fun.  Without the ability to play back the AVCHD format on you PCor Laptop you are not going to be able to do any editing, so my advice is to set you new camera on the HD JPEG format and be happy.  The Advantage of the AVCHD is it is supposed to give you HD in a smaller foot print saving you space on you little SD card -- just buy a bigger card 8GB or bigger and forget about AVCHD.  You can go online and purchase AVCHD software that works but that is another $40.  Yes, I know, Panasonic should fix this and to tell the truth had I known about this earlier I might not have bought this camera as I originally thought this new format would be a cool feature have.  So, if video is an important part of you purchase I would think twice before shelling our the big buck for the Panasonic. Here is another caveat concerns the battery.  Panasonic decided to upgrade the firmware for the camera from the original production to a version 2, which comes preloaded on the new cameras, and this version will not allow you to use a third party battery -- that's right, you are locked into paying top dollar for the LUMIX only battery, usually around $40.  You can get batteries that will work in the Panasonic camera for half that price on Amazon and even less if you go to a Hong Kong distributor.  the way around this form of holdup is to download firmware version 1.1 and reverse version 2 back.  The camera will then accept third party batteries.  From what I could tell the battery limitation was the only reason for the upgrade to version 2.  You can still get the older version originally used on this camera and all of the older models from the Panasonic web site support, but for how long?  It is a great camera and the zoom is super and the menu easy to use and the battery life really good and it is easy to handle but for the Firmware problem and software that will not function properly I would seriously check out their competitors.  If you buy, then get one at CostCo, try it and if it is not too much trouble and you don't care about the Firmware version and the video format isn't a big deal then I would say keep it, otherwise take it back to CostCo and go for the Canon or the Nikon.  Peace, to you and yours -- I hope this may have been of some help to someone looking.  I bought my camera at Amazon, they have always been fast and fair and CostCo did not have this camera in when I made my purchase.  Peace and good bye.