This is my third digital camera. Previous to this camera I had a Nikon Coolpix 885, which I quickly learned to despise because I never knew if (or when) it had taken a picture. I sold it on eBay and bought this camera.Oddly, the first Olympus 720 I got was defective and would eat a set of batteries in 15 minutes. I exchanged the camera for a new one which is quite fine in this regard. The batteries last quite a long time and the camera is good at conserving power.What I like about the Olympus 720:First, the video viewfinder is actually through-the-lens like a proper SLR. This is great. I can see when the camera is in focus and when it is not. This also helps in an unexpected way: Because you see it out of focus, you will focus the camera. Thus when you want to take a photo, the camera is already focused and there is very little lag before the image is captured. With rangefinder digital cameras, you don't see it out of focus and therefore you may not squeeze on the release until the moment you want to capture. Of course then it has to do its focusing thing and sometime later actually take the picture.The settings can be viewed through the eyepiece in addition to the monitor. This helps me as I am now getting far sighted, and with the Nikon I had to put on reading glasses to view the settings on the monitor. Not so with the Olympus 720.I can see when the camera takes a picture. Like SLRs whose mirror swings up when the shutter is released, the Olympus momentarily blacks out the viewfinder when the image is recorded. You absolutely know that a photo was taken just then. You don't have to listen for a beep (Nikon 885 doesn't even do this), or wonder if the flash you saw was your camera or someone else's. Many times with my old Kodak 280 I'd get a blurry photo because I had already begun to put the camera down when it actually took the photo. 8 to 1 optical zoom. Not stinkin' digital zoom... optical zoom. Wow. Most digital cameras are 3 to 1. This is a real help. Scanning some of the other reviews here I can only assume that the people complaining about motion blur are simply inexperienced photographers that don't know that longer focal lengths require additional stability or shorter shutter times.AA batteries. I much prefer the flexibility you get using standard size AA batteries instead of some oddball or photo only battery. I got nice NiMH recharables. Works great. In a pinch you could use plain-Jane AA batteries but of course they'd get eaten up quickly.In general, the camera has lots of features as you'd expect. I use the PASM mode. In that mode it displays the f-stop and shutter speed through the viewfinder. Good stuff.What I don't like:Well, the image quality is not quite as good as I'd like. I'm going to experiment with the auto ASA to see if manually setting it to 200 or 100 makes for a better picture. Don't ask me why, but my ancient Kodak DC 280 takes the nicest looking photos of any digital camera I have seen. I wish the Olympus' sharpness and tones were as nice.The manual: There's a quick start guide, a paper manual, and a PDF manual. The paper manual while thick, is not complete. Print out the PDF manual. The quick start and paper manual neglect to mention that when you connect the camera to your computer via USB that you need to set the camera's mode to Image Review. Only the PDF manual reveals this vital fact.Body color: Now I'm getting picky. I would much prefer a nice black over the silver color.