I use film for most of my work, also I already had a 4 MP digital camera that was not getting a lot of use do to it's size. I wanted something for snapshots that I can carry with me non stop and take all those goofy Kodak moments. Controls are well placed and accessible. Since camera is so small, buttons may feel little cramped for users with big hands. Many cameras if powered on accidentally inside the case or pocket will try to open up and therefore break lens mechanism. Pentax on/off switch is very secured and if by any chance you still open it up by mistake and lens is blocked camera will not power on. I think this is an excellent feature since camera is so small and canaccidentally turn on when it's tossing and turning in your pocket.Some people complained about slow write up time to the memory card. I haven't experienced that so I can't say anything bad. It took me a while to learn how to take picture properly. It is a small camera so you have to me more careful about camera shake (aka pay more attention to shutter speed). Also since controls are so small they are not as sensitive so in order to take a pic you really need to press the shutter down.Pros:-SIZE! SIZE! SIZE! It really doesn't get any better than that. Small body that fits into Altoid tin.-Picture Quality. It's excellent for JPEG. File size is anywhere from 2.5 - 2.9 MB in the 4mp , least compression mode. It would be nice to have a TIFF there. But to answer everyone's question: yes I printed very nice super sharp 8by10 images out of this little wonder. 8by10 is all I want, if I need to go bigger I buy a better camera or use film.-Flash. Very powerful and superb even in comparison to my other bigger cameras.-LCD. Super sharp and detailed.-Battery Life. I was super skeptic about battery life but after week or so of use I can say it hold its charge and last very long time.-Ease of playback, deletion and control access. Very intuitive and well placed.-Build in memory. It's nice to have a backup 11 Megs just in case. Cons:-Placement of LCD monitor. If you try to use viewfinder and monitor is on it will blind your eye for a bit due to proximity. It is not a big deal outdoors but in dark environments it causes a bit of problems.-Viewfinder is small and cramped.-Picture quality distortion along edges. They come out a bit blurry there. It is much better than original Optio S but still not perfect-No 400 ISO. Really disappointing for low light photography. Also 200 ISO is very noisy.-No focus assist light. Makes it hard to take picture in the dark.-Zoom can have few more steps.Now you have to remember that I(you) bought this camera mainly for it's size. If you want tiff mode, superb quality pics, big zooms I think you should go for a bigger and different camera. But if you want something that will be always with you for snapshots, candits and travel photos I think this is an excellent piece of equipment. I keep my in my pocket all the time, I use it for work, pleasure and hangout. I take it kayaking, hiking and climbing. It's a snap shot camera with surprisingly powerful features, nice image quality and average zoom. My set includes an extra battery (not used yet), petax leather case, 512 memory card and Ziploc bag. And true, it is so small I misplaced it twice.