My review was mysteriously never posted the first time, hmm... trying again.I've seen reviews on other sites that say if it didn't work the person just didn't know what they were doing.  I'm a system administrator, not just a typical user, so trust me when I say I tried everything I could think of to get this to work on 3 different machines.  The first machine I tried was Win7 64-bit, 1 gig ATI graphics card (with latest drivers), and 6 gigs of ram.  I tried installing using the CD and the updated software on the website - which at the time was 1.2b, 1.2c came out after I had initiated the return.  I also tried just plugging it in and hoping Windows Media Center would detect it like I saw in other reviews - no luck.  Using the vendors software, it froze when searching for channels.  I even left it on over night (8+ hrs) thinking I didn't give it enough time, but it didn't matter.  Each time I tried a different way of installing it I used the cleaning utility on the CD to start from scratch.The second computer I tried was Windows XP Pro, 512mb nvidia graphics card (latest drivers), 2 gigs of ram.  I had the same exact problem, it froze when searching for channels.  The third computer I tried it on was my Vista laptop, same problem and Windows Media Center could not detect the tuner just like Windows 7.On all three computers I used the cleanup utility between installations to make sure I wasn't simply installing on top of itself.  The lights on the tuner were on indicating that the computer detected it (also showed up in device manager) and that it had a decent signal.  I forgot to mention that I tried using the Windows Media Center Installation file that Hauppauge provides on their website, obviously that didn't work either.As a last resort I reformatted my Windows 7 machine thinking (and hoping) that maybe something I had on there was conflicting with the tuner in some way.  I did not install a single thing before trying it on the clean install, but I had the same problem.Also, be warned that Hauppauge customer service is ridiculously horrible.  I tried contacting them before returning the tuner.  It took them 5 business days to reply to my first email and all the response said was "Are you connecting anything between the unit and the pc (included extension usb hub etc)?"  I responded the same day and it took another 4 business days for this response from them "Can you give me more information on the pc you are using? Do you have another pc you can try the unit on?"  Granted, I should have given them the specs to my computer in the first email.  But coming from a customer service/tech support background, the response time alone is terrible and the one sentence responses are mind blowing.  They should have combined those emails into the first response and gotten it to me within the 48 hr response time that I swear I saw on their website.  If I responded like that at my tech support job of 4 yrs I would've been in a lot of trouble.Needless to say, do your homework by reading both positive and negative reviews.  Also check out other sites to read their reviews.  I did and was hoping I'd be on the positive side, sadly I was not.