I purchased this camera after having used a Panasonic Lumix FZ7 (12x zoom, 6mp) point-and-shoot for about 3 years.  I like the convenience of a long zoom p-n-s camera, light, small, flexible, allowing me to carry it at all times.  But I was looking for something with a longer zoom, plus better resolution, as well as better response -- quick to focus, short shutter lag and fast continuous shooting.  I take a lot of pictures when I'm just out walking, often of birds and animals, where I can't get any closer and I often don't get a second chance to capture the picture.  I haven't been happy with the Lumix FZ7's unreliable autofocus or the awkwardness of the manual focus controls: I've lost too many one-time opportunities because I couldn't get a focused shot in the brief time some bird or other critter was in range.  After doing a lot of research, reading reviews, I'd narrowed my choices between the Canon SX20is and the Panasonic FZ35.  Since my experience withe the FZ7 never matched all its glowing reviews and Panasonic seems uninterested in supporting upgrading existing cameras -- no firmware updates -- I went with the Canon.  After trying for a week, I've returned it.To give the Canon its due, when it works, it works great! I took it out an outing --  2 hour stroll around my workplace -- and caught some great photos.  The best can be seen a [...] What these shots don't tell you, however, is all the frustrations of the shots that got away.  For instance, the one took forever to get into focus and had the dragonfly not sat patiently for more than 5 minutes I'd never would have managed the shot.[...]The Canon's autofocus almost never found the subject of choice on the first try, regardless of lighting or other conditions, no matter that the subject was dead center in the viewfinder.  I'd have to try and try again to get the image in focus, sometimes moving around my subject or tricking the autofocus by focusing on another, nearby object.  Often this didn't work because the subject didn't sit still long enough while I struggled with the focus.On the other hand the manual focus control was no help.  This is managed by a small, vertical wheel, mounted on the back of the camera.  The same wheel is used to change other settings by putting pressure on the N, E, W, and S compass points.  Therefore while moving the wheel for manual focus you can accidentally -- very easily -- engage some other function, like the self-timer, or the ISO settings, or flash settings.  Noooooo!  Again, birds don't sit around while you scream at your camera because it has foiled you again.  I think there is a reason that most cameras I've encountered don't combine crucial functions in one control.The other major issue was the extremely slow rate of continuous shooting, approx. 1 per second.  Most other cameras in its class can do 3 per second and up.  If you are tracking a bird or other moving object, such a slow rate means you are shooting blind.  I knew about the rate before buying the camera but really had to experience it first hand to understand how much of a problem it would present.There were a number of other minor problems I encountered.  It's heavy, like a brick.  I don't know why it weighs so much more than other cameras with comparable features, but it's very noticable.  I might have gotten over that if not for all the other issues.  The lens is not threaded so it doesn't take filters.  You can buy an adapter that will allow you to add filters.  (I like to use a filter to protect the lens.)  Perhaps the adapter and a corresponding lens cap will fit better than the iffy cap that Canon supplies.  Finally, the batteries.  While I'm not against using AA batteries in principle, the way Canon has configured the battery compartment makes it awkward to open and especially close again, taking way longer to swap out batteries that I'd like.  (The proprietary battery that comes with the Panasonic can be swapped out in under 5 seconds, which not at all the case with the Canon.)Bottom line, for still objects where you have have the time and patience to wait for the camera to get its act together, the Canon PowerShot SX20is is a great camera.  You will get sharp, accurate shots... eventually.  If you photography interest requires being able to get the photo the first time, don't bother with this camera.