After many years of point of shoot i had slowly started to get interested in the topic.  With the arrival of our first child I suddenly realized my standard point and shoot cameras were rather unsuited for taking photos of the small fellow on the move, and also the picture quality was rather grainy under low light.  I was very keen on the Canon G11 but the lack of a decent video recording capability was putting me off, plus the rather high price.I then managed to get my hands on an Olympus E420 DSLR and then found how much faster it was in focusing and shooting, and the fact that even with its smaller than other APS-C DSLR sensors the picture quality was much better, and the need to use the flash was reduced. However the lack of any form of image stabilization bothered me, as i could not get the shutter to anything less than 1/60, and it also had some major low light focusing issues.However the brief exposure to the DSLR meant i was definitely set on a DSLR and the choice was between the Nikon D5000 (one lens) and the Pentax K-x (2 lens kit) as these were the one's close to my budget.  However during that period the D5000 was having a known hardware issue with its on-off, and i decided i will go with the K-x as the reviews stated it was a good match, and the fact that the prices were so much lower even with two lenses was also an advantage.  I sadly had to opt fo rthe 50-200mm, as the prices of the 300mm spiked up during the time i purchased making it beyond my budget, but i think that was one big mistake i made!!The wider kit lens 18-55mm performs very nicely, and the picture quality is quite sharp and clear.  However the 50-200mm is a rather pathetic lens, and i see why a lot of reviews recommend people to avoid this and go for the 300mm, which i had done so!!!The K-x camera per say is super, with loads of features.  Initially i experienced the problems with the rechargeable batteries, which was rectified after i upgraded the firmware.  The next issue was that built-in image stabilization seemed very poor, so much so that i could not even get blur free photos at shutter times i had been able to with the Olympus E420. Considering that my day use camera was then the Panasonic ZS3 which could do even 1/4 sec handheld this was very disappointing.  However the firmware fix also seemed to have an impact, along with the fact that i had also to learn to grip the camera properly, and combined i now can even get blur free photos at 1/8sec using the wide angle lens.The nicest thing about the camera is its low light ability, where pictures even with ISO1600 comes out pretty well, and for landscape photos you can even go further, and all this with kit lenses.  I also managed to get hold of an old Pentax K55 manual 55mm lens over 15+ years old and it works perfectly with the body.  The advantage of the in-body image stabilization meaning that it works even for old lenses!!! This lens is much faster (f 2.0) and this means i can now take photos with no flash even under poor light, the only problem being the lack of a wide angle.  This also means i definitely will be getting myself a faster lens possibly with a macro capability.The focusing of the camera is pretty good, but under low light you will have to switch to manual mode as the auto mode tends to struggle a wee bit (compared to a D90 i tried out recently).  The lack of the AF points on the viewfinder is a bit of a bummer, though you can get away using center AF in most cases, but it does mean that if you want to take very precise control this is problem (you can use live view mode to do this, but live view as in the case of most new DSLR is rather slow).The HD video is very good, as the low light capabilities of the camera sensor definitely becoming an asset.  The Panasonic ZS3 i have is considered one of the best point and shoot for video, and comparing the video from the K-x is a bit grainy but a lot sharper and detailed.  However the audio quality is very poor compared to the ZS3.  One thing i would have loved pentax to do better is to use a different codec for the video, as the current codec is very inefficient and you have MASSIVE video files even for short recordings.I must also not forget that the camera has loads of features for effects, and the HDR capability (which i have not used much to date).  While some may not be happy with the AA batteries, the fact that AA batteries can be purchased easily is a boon if you forget your spare batteries or loose them.  However the AA batteries definitely add a substantial weight to the camera, though using lithium AA batteries reduces the bulk (however these batteries are costly so i use the trust sanyo enelopes).  Would be great if pentax can make the battery door a bit more sturdy, as it tends to jiggle around a bit.In case you want to check out some photos i have taken using this camera, check our [...] where i have uploaded some of my takes.