I wanted to love this camera, I really really did.  I wanted to like it as much as my TX1 which unfortunately fell off the hood of my truck (and survived the fall at medium speed, except for the optics--and survived in the rain for 36 hours no less).  But there are several things which left me constantly frustrated using this camera during a once-in-a-lifetime trip this weekend.  To clarify, I have happily owned 4 Sony digital cameras so I am very familiar with their layout and format.  This review is based on an in-depth knowledge of how to use their products, YMMV if you are not familiar with Sony.  I found the following challenges:  1) Many of the pictures did not turn out well.  I was using the camera in strong sunlight, but mistakenly had confidence that they pictures would be ok if I aimed right.  I use the camera in Auto and in Program mode.  The focus was poor in some of them, the exposure WAY off in others.  Metering mode seemed to randomly change, but perhaps that's due to the next challenge.  2) The touch screen is too sensitive.  There were many pictures which I almost missed because my finger inadvertently brushed or even hovered above some menu option or the help menu.  In the sun it was hard to see to cancel out of these options.  Also, it was too easy to accidentally brush the video start button and start videoing when you really meant to take a still picture.  I had a TX1 which also had a touch screen (part of the reason why I chose this model over some of the other similar models) so it's not a touchscreen learning curve issue, this one is just way too sensitive.  3) The slide down lens protector which turns on the camera and exposes the lens did not always slide down easily.  There were a few pictures I almost missed because I simply could not get the camera opened without careful 2-handed interaction.  When walking around as a tourist all day with something in your hands, this was sometimes a bit of a challenge to navigate.  Again, the TX1 was the same form factor but did not behave this way.  4) The touch spot focus worked TERRIBLE.  One reason I went with the touchscreen was because I like to point to exactly where I want the focus to be.  The TX1 did this well.  The software "enhancement" in this camera tries to "intelligently" decide what you are trying to focus on, which means it moves around randomly--often not at all where you want it to focus.  This led to much frustration.  To note, I operate the camera with face and smile recognition turned off, so those features were not trying to compensate.  5) The zoom moved too fast.  Although it's only 4X, it was a little clunky in getting the zoom to move--something other reviewers of recent Sony products have noted.  There's not a very granular level of zoom unless you very delicately finesse the zoom lever.  6) Finally, when accessing pictures as a drive on my laptop (did not load the software) it constantly hung Windows Explorer so I could not copy pictures off of the memory stick to my laptop.  After 30 minutes of retrying, I simply gave up and will need to use a MS adapter plugged into another computer.What did I like?It worked with previous memory sticks that I have as well as SD cards, of which I also have several.  So there's no worry about running out of space taking only pictures (HD video of course is a whole 'nother story.)Battery life was just ok.  The camera went through heavy usage one day and needed to be recharged after only 75 pictures or so (and no video).I liked that the battery charger also regulates voltage when recharging the battery, so you can use it in a foreign country without a voltage regulator (although you still need the funky outlet adapter).  The battery charger also was very small which meant that it fits into the toe of a shoe in your suitcase.  While others have disliked that you can only recharge the battery in the camera, this wasn't a problem on this trip.  It probably would be if I had had two batteries with me and needed to recharge both overnight.The small form factor meant it fit easily into a purse pocket, so it was easy to access.Sony does great with low-light picture taking--this was true of my TX1, and true of this camera.  (At least when the exposure worked correctly on this one!)I will return this camera and replace it with one of the other models and hope it works better. I like Sony cameras and have had great success with every one of my prior cameras, just not this one.