We have had an Olympus Stylus 710 for three years and I've really loved it with the exception that the battery door cracked a few months ago. According to Olympus' customer service department it was going to cost over $100 to have it fixed. Rather than mess with that, we decided to upgrade our camera for about the same price. We saw a sale ad for the Olympus FE360 and decided to go for it. After all, we loved our old Olympus, and this one is several years newer with 1 more MP than our old one, so it should be even BETTER, right?Yeah, not so much.I can't even begin to explain how horribly disappointed I was in the FE360. The shutter speed is AWFUL. It's even slower than our original digital camera from seven years ago, and it's WAY worse than the Stylus 710. I kept telling myself I must have been doing something wrong... so I re-read the manual and I was doing exactly what it said to do. How could a newer camera be *worse* than our old one of the same brand? I'm not sure what they did, but they managed it somehow!Even so, I decided that I'd give it a few days and now I'm kicking myself. I took all our Christmas pictures with it and they are ALL dark and many are blurry. I missed so many "Kodak moments" because of the delayed shutter action, and the ones I did end up with aren't even a good quality. We have two young children and any shot with the slightest movement in it was ruined. Thank goodness for PhotoShop b/c I was able to salvage a few of the clear but dark ones. It was almost as if the flash wasn't strong enough or have a long enough range. I took over 100 pictures with this camera and about 80% of them were total flops. Our kids have blue eyes so we're used to dealing with red eye to some degree, but this was just crazy. I could probably have dealt with that aspect if it was an easy fix after the fact but the red-eye reduction tool was completely worthless as well.Another complaint, the cord that you need to connect the camera to your computer to upload pictures is no longer the standard USB cord. It's similar but smaller. What a pain! As if I need one more cord coming out of the back of my computer...One more warning, beware of Olympus' customer service. After deciding to return the FE360 and get my money back I did more online research to find out about fixing my old Olympus Stylus 710. As it turns out, the battery cover I had had an issue with is a VERY common problem across the board with many Olympus digital cameras. It also turns out that although Olympus claims you have to send your camera to their service department for repair, and that it will be a flat rate repair cost of $105 to fix it (no matter what your repair is), and that you cannot order the part and fix it yourself... I asked the customer service rep this question specifically... you actually CAN order the part yourself but not from Olympus. I found it online for $22 from an independent vendor and my old camera is as good as new. All it took was a small screwdriver and about 3 minutes to replace that piece.Don't jump the gun and buy this camera just b/c of the reasonable price. Look at Consumer Reports or another consumer product rating guide and make sure you know what you're getting. Also, make sure you order your new camera from a place that will accept returns unconditionally. I saw several places that charge a 20% "restocking fee" if you decide to return it.