I've had this camera for about three years. It's a good camera, but I have discovered some difficulties in using it over the years.1. It's really not the best for low-light photography. Yes, it has the 3600 ISO setting, but that's very grainy. Even if you're shooting close-up, the photos look like something you cut out of a larger shot and then blew up. I don't have much experience with low-light stuff so maybe that's just the way it is. Since I see a ton of really great low-light shots, though, I doubt it.The camera also considers just about every shot worthy of a flash. Even in my living room, which has large windows lining two of its walls, the camera constantly flashes the "low-light" and "blur" warnings. This makes it confusing to tell when a flash is truly necessary and when you'll be good just propping your arm well.2. Speaking of the flash- it's terrible. On-camera flashes have never been known for even lighting, but this one is particularly bad. Even on the lowest setting, flash photos end up looking very overexposed and just...well..."flashy." The flash is much too bright overall and when looking at the photos, you can even tell the orientation of the camera because the flash is much brighter on one side. I've never experienced this, even with my cheapest point-and-shoot models.3. The menus and settings, while vast and mostly useful, are not intuitive at all. I want one menu that gives me all of my settings and other options. Instead, there are several. It's nearly impossible to remember which buttons I need to press to apply the settings that I need in the time that I have to get the shot I want.I also hate that I can't use some options in the preset buttons. I can't force a flash in "portrait" mode (or at least, I haven't figured out how if it is possible). In fact, I can't change the flash setting in any of the preset modes. The only option you have is flash-on or flash-off and that is only accomplished by raising or lowering the flash itself. If it's up, it's still on "auto" mode and will flash whenever it feels like it- whether you want it to or not.4. The manual focus is a joke. Really. When I use it whithin the limits it allows, I can't see the focus changing on the screen at all. I mean, I understand that this isn't a DSLR, but if you're going offer a manual focus on a hybrid, then at least make it a good one. Otherwise, just leave it off completely- if only to clear up some of that ridiculous menu clutter.Overall, this really has been a good camera to have. It's equal to and maybe even a bit better than my old film Nikon SLR. I really love having the super macro mode. Macro photography is something I've not been able to take advantage of since my sister somehow jammed the macro lens of my Pentax K1000 with peanut butter (*sigh*).In the end, I've gotten quite a few lovely shots with this camera. It's great for someone who wants to get good, clear, quick shots of their family but wants more options to play with than your typical pocket point-and-shoot.