I owned a Kodak 3700 for some time before my brother took it, so I agonized and researched all the digital cameras I could afford before I bought this... the competition was the Fuji 3800 and maybe the Nikon Coolpix. The 6x zoom of the 3800 was the best part, but its problems reported in low-light photography pushed me to this Canon A70, and boy, am I glad!...Lemme count the ways I love it : 1. [nice] Shape and size. I take it out, and it automatically attracts attention. And it weighs right, and snuggles neatly into my right hand because of the small 'bump' on the right side. ( But I wonder how comfortable lefties would be with this; it might get in their way). And the size is optimal - while I hated the elph's tiny size, the bulkier dig cameras would not fit my docker pants, like the A70 does; and if I leave out the case, it even fits my formal-suit pocket without a bulge. 2.The LCD screen functions as good as gold in low light, back-light, whatever-light. I should know, I played around with a friend's 3800 and found it a challenge to shoot indoors. 3.The picture quality is as good as I expected for a 3.2mp; someday I might be able to shell out [big money] and buy a 5mp, but then, maybe not : the biggest print I would want would be the occasional 8x10, while 4x6 would be regular, and for that 3.2MP is good enough. 4.The time-lag from the button-press-to-shutter-snap is about half-a-second, noticeable but not irritating. I know this exists for all digital cameras, so I have grown to work around this by planning the picture. This means I cannot snap a 2 year old running across the room, but I could always capture an endearing grin while seated!  5.So many modes...! This one is bewildering in the options it gives the user; it even allows you to make it 'fully manual', which would mean you set the aperture, the shutter speed and everthing else. I am not there yet, but this is where I can experiment and learn a bit...;-) 6.Stich mode. This needs special mention. You put the A70 in this mode, and take a series of pics by panning the camera horizontally, and voila, you end up with a fantastic panoramic shot of your room (or a single family photo at a huge family gathering). I am no specialist (as you can tell), but the software took care of the lack of precision in my hands and 'stiched' the photos together seamlessly! I can think of dozens of situations I can use this. I need to re-visit the Grand Canyon now! 7.I tried out the video mode and found it pretty nice, though unnecessary in a digital camera; what's the camcorder for...? 8.The software provided is awesome. I rarely depend on bundled software with any gadget, but Canon has persuaded me that they must have a great software division. Not very bulky, and extremely useful and bugfree. 9.Lastly, the optional accessories are also great : the A70 allows a lens adaptor which means you could attach other lenses you want; and there is also an 'underwater-case' which would allow you to shoot inside the swimming pool. As soon as I get some money to splurge I am getting that, just for the experience! The wish-it-was-better list : 1. The 3x zoom. I wish Canon had an A80 (or whatever) with at least 6x zoom. Would have been worth the price. 2. Red-eye reduction. I managed a bunch of great frontal portrait pics without red-eye, but once in a while it does fail, as reported by many others. I am told the design of the camera needs to change before it becomes fool-proof (the flash should be at a distance from the lens). 3. I never bothered using the bundled AA batteries; just bought rechargeable NiMH; What was Canon thinking, non-rechargeables with a digital camera?! Maybe they should not even bother with batteries, and reduce cost by some $ ;-) 4. Similarly, the 16MB Compact Flash is too small; I bought a 128MB rightaway which allows me 135 pics in Superfine, highest resolution mode. 5. I am also told that the memory usable (Compact Flash Type I) is slow and outdated. It should be at least Type II, if not a totally different and faster type. For now I am fine with the small time-lag.To Summarize, go ahead and buy this. You will enjoy shooting pictures with it!!!