A very good-to-excellent camera within its capabilities. I have generally always owned Canon PS cameras, so the move to this one was not a given. I previously owned the G9 and still would had it not been for some of its shortcomings. I always carry a PS camera as I travel a lot and cannot always carry the big, heavy stuff. The P5100 replaced both the DS-850IS and G9 Canons. So these are my comments and a direct comparison to the G9.If the P5100 were capable of producing raw files, had a better viewfinder (which is a fault of all of these - why can't we have a wider angle of view and some parallax lines so we can really use these?) and a more robust processing engine, it would be an ideal camera. The build is like a mini D300; solid as a rock. Compact. Amazingly compact for its features. G9 is made nice too, but it is a much larger camera. There are also known issues with the G9's lens and dust contamination. LCD is large and sharp, but harder to view in sunlight than the Canon's. I use it to shoot most of my images, but I would prefer to use a viewfinder if I could ever find one that was worth it. The jpegs I shoot with this are more neutral than the G9's, appear every bit as sharp and have about the same exposure latitude. The G9 was no screamer speed-wise either, but it beats the P5100. Focus on both of these cameras at the long end is rather ponderous and sometimes downright hit and miss. For a Nikon DSLR shooter, the flash system is compatible and one of my main reasons for purchasing. The biggest feature I like about the Nikon is configuring the Fn button (I use it to switch between the 2 personal user settings, where over a dozen settings can be retained by the camera; excellent). I also enjoy the (full resolution) square format mode; a new/old way to see things.Image-wise, I would rate both of these cameras as equal, and the choice of which one produces the best images comes down more to personal preference. I find the same thing with P5100 images that I do with those from the D70s and the D80. They are snappier from the camera, have a more film like response to light in the tonal curve and (to me) appear more natural than those from a Canon. If you compare P5100 jpegs to G9 raw files, well, the G9 would have the nod.I generally give the cameras I buy very fair and some would say high ratings. I defend my position from the standpoint that I have owned (literally) dozens of digital cameras and I do a lot of up front research before I buy, so I'm prone to be impressed once I get the things. I continue to find this to be an excellent carry along camera, and I intend to keep it until I can justify the price of an M8, or until someone comes along with a real viewfinder built into one of these.Negatives?No denying some dim light focus issues, although they are not impossible to work around once you figure it out. Not the fastest camera on the earth but not the slowest, either. I have yet to miss a shot. Additional images can be made during the writing process, so I have no issues. View finder is not the greatest, but here again, I've had much worse (like on the Nikon 5400 and the Canon G6 and G9). Screen resolution is excellent, but it is hard to see in harsh sun and not the equal of the G9. I gave a 5 for value, as i did not pay full price. When I bought the Canon new, these were selling for about the same. I bought mine as a Nikon refurb from Adoxxxx for under 200 usd near the end of last year. Amazing kit for that price. Also knocked down my scoring based on no raw files and slightly slow processing.