I think my interest in DSLR photographer came from wanting better quality shots than what a P&S; can produce (though I admit had I known how bad a high ISO was for image quality I may not have ever made the plunge to DSLR). I was rummaging around looking for reviews about what was the best entry level DSLR. To my surprise, it was a camera from Pentax, a company which I had never even heard of. Even doing comparison shots to the Canon t2i, the shots looked much better on the K-X. That's not to say the K-X blows away the t2i feature-wise. The t2i has a far superior autofocus (good for action photography), 1080p video recording, and an optical viewfinder (which has been remedied with the K-R). However, using the stock lenses (despite the somewhat sluggish AF), you can still take some very nice photos.The 18-55mm lens covers the average spectrum of zoom you'd find on a P&S;, though it doesn't use any digital zoom (which is very good for image quality). However, the lens optics aren't spectacular. Barrel distortion is noticeable in every shot and the pictures tend to be on the "soft" side. That's not to say IQ is worse or equal to a P&S;, but since you are paying a hefty sum of money when compared to a P&S;, you expect a little bit more. The closer you get to the middle between 18mm and 55mm, the better your shots will look (I tend to stick to the 35mm). Overall, it doesn't disappoint as a kit lens.The 55-300mm lens on the other hands is, in my opinion, a gem. Now I don't have any of the fast-primes or limited edition lenses other reviewers may have on here, and I bet in comparison to those lenses this is nothing fancy to them, but to me, a first time DSLR user, this is where high IQ is at. It's almost impossible NOT to take a good photo with this (barring your composition is at least adequate). Being near the Adirondacks, it is great for taking in nature scenes as well as macro photography of the vast amount of flowers and other plant life. Also, it is good for "unsuspecting" (not that way, perv) photography. By that, I mean if you have subjects who just can't act naturally while in front of the camera, this allows you to (in an outdoor setting of course... or a fairly large indoor setting) photograph them from a distance so they aren't constantly reminded you are there taking photographs.Again I can't say enough about the image quality of the 55-300mm. Even if it doesn't have the optimal zoom for some situations, I tend to use my feet in conjunction with the zoom to frame my shot just so I can have the IQ from the 55-300mm and not the 18-55mm.If you are like me and can't imagine spending almost as much money on 1 lens as you would on the camera itself, a welcome addition would be the Pentax 21987 DA 35mm f/2.4 AL Lens for Pentax Digital SLR cameras. Since it is a fixed-focal length, you can't manually zoom with it (your feet are the zoom). However, with the f/2.4 you would be able to take shots indoors (with some decent lighting of course) without having to use a flash. Using the flash washes out detail (unless you purchase a separate external flash and direct it at the ceiling instead of your subject) and takes away that edge of using a DSLR vs. a P&S.; Best thing, it's priced around $175.In regards to indoor photography with the stock lenses, unless you are using a tripod or the flash, the exposure time would be too long for hand held use. Keep this in mind if you were planning on taking family photos indoors.One thing I have to knock the K-X for is the positioning and overall fickle nature of the AF/MF switch. Using MF alone with this viewfinder is almost impossible, you can't really tell when the whole image is popping or not (there are 3rd party viewfinder from Spyder Optics which remedies this and can be installed by a local electronics or photo store). So my technique was going to involve using the AF to get a pretty good lock on the subject, and then switching to MF for the final touches (subtle tweaks). That technique is very frustrating with the K-X. The slide is located on the very lower left side of the camera. However, the tab doesn't slide easily, in particular going up from AF to MF. There is a tab at the top which you can put a nail in to move it to AF. Unfortunately, there are no tabs in assisting getting it back up to MF, and as I said before, is already very stiff with the tab. So imagine it without the tab? Quite an annoying oversight.Last but not least is IQ. At the time, compared to Nikon/Canon's entry level offerings, the K-X was the definitive winner. However, the K-R uses the same sensor as the K-X and really didn't make too many advancements. The newer Canon and Nikon models share price points that are similar to the K-X (though more expensive, its normally not by too much). You should check out some sites for comparison shots before you take the plunge on this or any other model.Despite being almost 2 years old, the K-X is a very solid, entry level camera, that is capable of producing excellent images.