Out of all the non-slr camera's I have used, this one is by and far my favorite, it is easy to use, has a lot of functions, its sturdy, and great pictures and decent video.  I am sad to say, however, I no longer have this camera. I loved it so much; it was a gift 3yrs ago for Christmas, and I used it to death until I lost it on trip to Reno mid-last year.  The biggest thing that impresses me about this camera is that I dropped it several times on very hard surfaces, including sharp rocks while hiking in the mojave desert, and while it got a bit dented, it never effected the functionality.  Being the clumsy and accident prone person I am, this is a very important feature in any electronic I used, it had better be able to take a bit of a beating and not broke just because I dropped it on the floor a couple of times.  I noticed a lot of the people complained about the picture quality, but when using this camera, it is important to make sure you have it on the right picture setting, there is a little wheel on the camera with which you can change to various settings for pictures such as: "Outdoor", "landscape", "party", "children", etc, etc.  If you are in landscape mode and try to take pictures of people of close, it is not going to be the best picture.  This happened to me more than a few times, many times, I hadn't remembered ever changing the setting, so be sure to check that while using it.  As long as I had it on the right setting my pictures always came out crystal clear, and even my father whom is a professional photographer was impressed with many of the pictures I took with this camera.  The video quality of this camera is very good, but the background noise is a problem if you are filming in a noisy area, but it still works just fine. I filmed in a lot of different places, concerts, karaoke, at home, outdoors, etc, etc.  It is definitely a good camera for home movies, not so much for filming concerts or the like, it just picks up too much background noise for that.  When taking video with this camera, be warned, it will run out of batteries very fast.  The batteries last a while when taking pictures without flash, but with the flash or in video mode, they die fairly quickly, I always carried extra batteries with me, that didn't bother me, though I did sometimes wish this had its own rechargeable battery instead of using double AA's for that reason.  I took thousands of pictures with this camera, and I loved it.  I found it takes pictures best outdoors, it does pictures indoors good, if you have a good light source, but not so much in dark places with the flash, it only takes okay pictures in dark locales.  I took a lot of great outdoor pictures though, hands down, this is where this camera excels is outdoors (with or without flash), whether its sunny or cloudy, it works best in natural lighting versus a light bulb.  Like with any camera, you will have to play with it to really get a feel for it, and its quirks, but it is a great camera for its price, and takes great pictures.  God Bless ~Amy