This camera is a pleasure to use.  I haven't enjoyed a new piece of hardwarethis much since I bought my first Mac Powerbook 3 years ago.I had a 3-year old camera before, solet me say what was bad about that one, and why the V610 is so much better.1)  0 - > Picture time : It would take my last camera more than 5 seconds toturn before it was ready to take a picture.  The V610 is almost instantaneous.Part of this is that it doesn't have a protruding zoom lens that needs to mechanicallymove before the picture can be taken.2)  Time between pictures:  My last camera would also take more than 5 secondsto load the image between pictures.  The V610 can take 1.6 pictures per second athighest quality in burst mode.3) Menu :  My last camera had a non-intuitive menu to find things.  With the V610,I haven't had to look at the manual yet because it is so obvious how to proceed.There are a lot of easily accessible picture modes, and I do suggest you spendsome time familiarizing yourself with them, since they can greatly improveyour picture quality by for instance decreasing exposure time for action shots,or allowing in more light for night time portraits.4) Battery :  I used some top of the line AA rechargeable batteries on my lastcamera.  These used to let me take 50 pictures before discharging.5) Lens cap:  I was surprised when I took my last camera out of the package and itdidn't have a lens cap.  I doublechecked that this one does has an automatic slidingone before I bought it.  It slides back and forth instantaneously when you turn on/off.Here are a few cons :  * There is no viewfinder.  You have to use the large screen on the back to  target your shot.  This turns out not to be a problem in the day time, since  the screen quality is great even in the sun's glare.  At night though, it is hard  to target pictures of close subjects in the complete dark.  However, I found that if you  push the button down slightly, a green light is emitted that reflects off your  subject and allows you to see them.  When I realized this I had no problem in  targeting pictures of close objects.Here are a few other pros :  * I love the bluetooth.  I took some pictures and easily beamed them to a friend's  laptop without having to have cables.  Bluetooth isn't so fast though, so I  recommend just using Bluetooth to send smaller images to people.  * Use the SD memory card to move the pictures onto your computer with one  one of those miniature USB flash floppy drives.  The SD memory card is  compatible with  other pieces of hardware.  I use it also for my MP3 player.  I have an old SanDisk Cruzer with removable SD card.  I used to use a 128 MB  card with my old camera, but now I use a GB card for my kodak camera.  They  are all compatible with the Cruzer.