Let me first start of by saying that this camera is probably not for everyone.  I'll start of by describing its short coming, all of which I think is something that is expected.Firstly, its bulky.  Not big, maybe the size of a 35MM not as heavy though, but definitely much bigger than your average Digital camera.  This of course is due to the fact that it uses CD as storage device.  Sony did a nice job of putting a hand grip on the right side of the Camera that fit nicely in my hand.  But I think that perhaps left-handers and people with smaller hand might not feel as comfortable with this camera.  I would recommend going to a local store and try it out before buying it online.Secondly, since it uses CD as storage, there will be lag time in disc access.  Reading from disc or reviewing images are slow (very slow).  And definitely for me the worst part of this camera.  Taking pictures at regular interval (2-3 sec between shot) is ok since the camera stores the pictures into a memory buffer first before writing onto the disc.  But you will have problem if you want to take lots of shots on fast moving object.  The camera provides a mode for 3 burst shot or a multi burst mode for up to 16 shots (stored in 1 picture) but its not very good, you are probably better off with another camera.  But again, this is something I was expecting from this camera.Now to the good part.  Of course the CD storage is great.  The main reason I brought this camera is because I went on a 2 weeks vacation and didn't want to carry lab top around to off load my pictures.  The CD storage are cheap, and allows me to take highest quality pictures at all times.  I recomend using Memorex 210MB pocket CD-R for this (stores about 96 pic on highest quality).  Much better than sony mavica standard CDR, and cheaper too.  Furthermore, the CDR makes filing away pictures much easier.  You don't have to store it onto a harddrive or burn the image afterward onto CDRs.  Its probably would be convinence to be able to come back and look at the pictures 2-3 years from now.  Another important thing is that the camera just simply takes great pictures.  The pictures come out real nice, and with its autofocus feature its almost impossible to shot out of focus pictures, unless of course you use the manual setting.  You can add effect to the pictures (solarize, BW, Sepia, Negative Art) and also adjust the white balance...the usual stuff.  And the Carl Zeiss Vario-Sonnar lens works real well.  Sony probably realizes that the Camera is bulky and thus they actually put alot of features into the device (at least the 4 megapixels version) comparing to their other 4 megapixels camera DSC-P9.  You can adjust the camera to Manual that allow you to adjust various stuff like Shutter speed, Aperture, exposure shift.  Overall this, and the image quality, is the biggest different between the 2 megapixel and the 4 megapixel Mavica.  The camera has a movie mode which record the movie (with voice)onto the disc in mpg format.  On an empty disc this its about 5 min recording time on best quality and 90 min on lowest quality.  Its no substitution for camcorder though because zoom doesn't work under this mode.  But its a nice little feature nontheless.  Note that lots of Digital camera has this feature, but not all of them allow you to record movie up to the maximum capacity of the media.  Many digital camera limits you to a certain fixed time (usually less than 1 min) of recording time.  Battery life is decent.  The camera display the exact battery life remaining in minutes.  It definitely is enough for normal operation for 1 day, before its nightly recharged.  The recharging doesn't take too long, 1-2 hours.  You can buy a backup battery/charger if you takes lots of pictures.  Overall I really recommend this camera for people who like to take pictures.  Its not your typical digital camera so it definitely is not for everyone and you should be cautious when buying it.  Go to a store try it out first.  But I do tell you this, if you are thinking about buying the MVC-CD250 vs. MVC-CD400...go with the 400.  Its more expensive, but its a much bigger bang for the buck.