I shoot all kinds of stuff with all kinds of cameras.  I am a working photographer who shoots for advertising and corporate client as well as to make images for my own books about photography.  Over the last two years I've been using small cameras like the Canon G10 and the SX10 for more and more of my work.  In the studio, shooting set up shots or small products these cameras shine by dint of their easy to use Live View and increased depth of field.  When I bought the SX 10 it was for the long range of the zoom lens which meant I could shoot anything from a construction site to tight shots of the cabins at the top of the construction cranes.  I've done some portraits with studio lights and an SX10 and they were also very usable.  I wish the SX 10 and SX 20 had raw file capability but they don't.  That just means I have to be a bit more careful about WB and exposure.  I've used the SX10 at outdoor swim meets and found that the lens performs better than expected right out to the end.So, why the SX 20?  Recently I've been asked to do more and more little video snippets for clients and for my publisher and while I like the results from the SX10 I wanted real HD video for the times that a medical practice has asked for video clips for both their website AND for power point and other uses.  I wanted the extra detail for the times that they use the clips in projected presentations.  The price point works.I've spent a couple days testing the SX 10 and the results are very, very good.  The front mounted microphones are of very high quality and the sound for most applications is very acceptable.  Would I like a mike input?  You bet!  Does that sour the deal?  Not in the least.The image quality of the stills is just as good as the SX 10 at low ISO's and about 1/2 a stop better at 200 and 400.  I'll chalk that up to the new digic processor.All in all the build quality and the easy operation make the camera a winner for me.  These days clients are more interested in using images and video in a wide range of multimedia and the  SX 20 is a great tool for anything that's headed to the web.  I still own traditional DLSR cameras and use them but left to my own devices I find the smaller sensor cameras to be highly competent and very usable.With an SX20 and a G10 I feel like I can handle just about anything except shots that call for narrow depth of field.  Traditional photographers may not want to hear that video is becoming a required skill but that won't make it go away.  This camera is a cost effective way to get your feet wet, find your way around and get your feet wet.  I like it.