...I bought this for my Dad six months ago. Unless you're one of those people cursed with the inability to set the clock on your VCR or microwave oven, this is an awesome camera for the price; and by one account, better than a more expensive camera. I have a friend who was disappointed with his high-end Coolpix (5700?). I've had none of his problems (night shots, zoom). With a little practice and study I've taken every shot I've wanted to take: indoors, slow shutter adjustment; outdoors, fast shutter adjustment for too bright light; outdoors: the moon, with long shutter; zoom; outdoors in the daytime: telephoto shots of billboards, urban shots; a series of dramatic sunrise shots in Southern California using FINE and highest resolution settings -- and more. I have transferred both still shots AND movies (MOV) to my TV and VCR, and so on. As for the complaints about lack of viewfinder -- that's balony. My dad may very well be the worst snapshot photographer on the planet, having previously attempted to use film cameras with viewfinders. This is the first camera he's ever owned that allowed him to take decent -- even great -- photos -- and he's over 90 years old! Finally, he takes photos without his index finger taking center stage.It has a tendency to suck up batteries, but, yeah? ...And gasoline in California is expensive. Technology has costs. Sorry.One thing I bought on the outside was the AC power adapter (EH-53, I think: look it up) for [$$$]. That's very handy for downloads and particularly many indoor shots and transferring to video (video transfer cable included). The more familiar I became with the Coolpix 2000, the better battery life I got, since I didn't waste battery time on the settings. You'll use 2 sets or 3 sets of four AA batteries getting the hang of it. Both of my brohters bought this exact same model after they saw my results.The software is typically crappy : just what I have learned to expect! If you're gonna take digital photos in this day and age, then you're probably going to use some digital imagery software, such as Adobe products, or Mindworkshop (Alchemy) or Paintshop Pro (like I do).I got this camera through Amazon.com ...and with a bonus 32 mb compact flash -- and it was a sweet deal.Oh! The product tutorial on CD is the best I've ever seen. The booklet is exhautive, and is available online in PDF format from Nikonusa (or something like that).After a few months of using it, I realized that it has a focus setting for super close-ups (which I liked so much on my DLINK  350).Works flawlessly on Windows 98 Second Edition, even using battery power to download. On Windows 2000 Pro, I had problems downloading. The problems were reduced by using the AC adapter, but sometimes I had to download more than once.Yeah. Good camera.BTW. My dad can't set the clock on the VCR, but he takes good photos with this camera on the AUTO setting, both indoors and outside.