Pros: Excellent battery life with lithium, nice low-light quality, hd video, quick burst shooting, zippy autofocus, great shadow range, feels solidCons: Not much RAW headroom for clipped highlights, inconsistent multi metering (center-weight is better), AF points not displayed in viewfinder, kit lens could be sharper (not really complaining though), audio could be betterReview: The Pentax K-x is my first DSLR as I have recently upgraded from an old Kodak z8612 megazoom. Almost everything about this DSLR is better than my old megazoom, but it is not completely perfect.Autofocus is quick and accurate, although it may occasionally hunt in really low light. Contrast detect AF in Live View is a different story though-unbelievably slow. However this is not a problem for me, so it is not influencing my rating of this product.The camera is a bit compact compared to the Canon Rebel T1i/500D I tested out at the store, but it handles nicely, the handgrip is (for this price segment) large and comfortable, and while there are not all that many external controls, the button placement is very good. The power switch, like most consumer DSLRs, is located in a ring around the shutter button. This is the same spot as the zoom toggle on my old megazoom, so sometimes I will instinctively flip the switch and end up turning the camera off.Performance overall seemed very good. All the buttons are nicely responsive, burst shooting is great with a good memory card (though the buffer fills a little fast), and the camera is ready to shoot practically instantly after I flip the power switch.The provided 18-55mm f3.5-5.6 kit lens is usually sharp enough, and the zoom barrel turns smoothly. However, unless I stop down to f8, the corners can be noticeably soft. This isn't a real bad problem, but may be if you need sharp corners on your kit lens. The bokeh on the 18-55 lens is very nice.Low light shooting was a key factor in my decision to purchase this camera, and it did not disappoint. There is a good deal of luminance noise ("grain") in high ISO JPEG shots, but not much color noise and good detail retention.In the limited testing I was able to get done in movie mode, I was pleasantly surprised by the picture quality of the HD video, but audio could be better. Also AF during video is very slow and the noise is picked up by the mic.Dynamic range was a bit of a double-edged sword for me- excellent shadow range, but highlight range was a little disappointing. RAW headroom is limited. However, activating Highlight Priority will give you an extra stop of highlight range without much cost in performance or added noise, so this may not be much of an issue.The exposure metering was usually pretty good, but the multi metering was a bit inconsistent-producing a washed out shot, then a shot that required +3 stops of post-capture exposure compensation. Center-weighted average worked better for me, especially doing macro shots.Overall this DSLR is not perfect, nor as good as models a price class up, but will give you great low light quality and good performance in an inexpensive bundle. Overall not perfect, but a great DSLR to upgrade from point and shoot.