I am a first time DSLR owner. Took about three weeks to research before finally taking the plunge. If you are like me, you probably read about a hundred reviews from amazon, [...], cnet, consumer reports, and the like. Your head probably hurts by now. I'm going to try to make it as simple as possible. If you are in the market for a great entry level DSLR that you can grow into, and you don't have a budget that equals the gross domestic product of a small country, then you've probably been looking at the Canon XSi, some Nikons, and this guy.Why you should choose the T1i over the Rebel Xsi or Nikon:1. The screen is way better. There are 920,000 color dots on the 3" screen. Your pictures look awesome even before you load them onto your computer. This is better than either the XSi or the Nikon 5000- both have 230,000 dots. It may not seem like it makes a difference, but it's like comparing a shiny new HDTV plasma to a CRT television of the 90s. There is a difference and you won't want to go back.2. Movies! You can record really high quality HD movies with the T1i, but you can't with the XSi. The Nikon has movie capabilities, but it stops at 1280 x 720 (24 fps). The T1i does 1920 x 1080 (1080P, 16:9) @ 20 fps (which is probably way bigger than you need). There have been some complaints about the microphone placement and overall ambient noise being caught in the video recording capabilities, but I've had the same problem making movies with my movie capable point and shoot. If you want to make a full length film, you probably need a camcorder. But this is more than capable of capturing things you happen across- like waterfalls, grandchildren playing, or puppies falling asleep. I found the movie capabilities  convenient (it's not hidden in some menu screen- there are dedicated buttons) and you can even take pictures in the middle of recording a movie if you see an awesome shot in the middle of filming.3. HDMI output. I didn't think this would be a big selling point, but it's pretty neat to plug the camera into your HDTV and see a big version of your pics and videos. The HDMI makes a huge difference in showing each hair on your dogs face; each leaf in a landscape scene. Could also be pretty impressive if you have to show a slide show at a party, etc. The HDMI cable is not included, but it's relatively inexpensive. There is an included cable that plugs into your television if you don't need the HD capabilities.4. Finally, and this is more a personal preference, but if this is your first DSLR you are buying into a whole family of products when you choose a brand. I was dead set against the whole idea of lugging all those lenses, accessories, and bodies around. But ultimately I was hitting a wall with my "prosumer" point and shoot, and needed to get to that extra step. There is a satisfying "snappiness" to the rebel series, and the t1i is an incredibly well built camera that will last a long time. It feels great in your hands, is the lightest of the three cameras mentioned above, and has technology that should stretch pretty far, considering that it was announced only a few months ago.It's worth the extra hundred or so dollars to get the t1i vs the xsi, since this is the newest model in the rebel series and makes enough improvements (movie mode, better screen, and the obvious 15.1mp vs 12.1 and 12.3) to warrant the step up if buying your first DSLR.