My company bought the Canon EOS 7D for stills for a task requiring wireless remote control and remote imaging of the live view and capture to a laptop hard drive (worked just fine for this task) but after I played with the video and read all I could about using DSLR for video, we bought a second just for video clips of company work. Now I want my own (so that's three). I see why its selling so well. Its extraordinary quality video in low light situations, its quality file format, and its low cost for a camera with the advantage of being able to use various lenses, especially fast lenses for depth of field limiting control makes it a better choice for our work than a prosumer HD "video camera."Video has never been so much fun.  Now there is a whole lot of artistic control possible that I am interested in exploring. I suspect there will be many other amateurs who will find fun with manual video using a DSLR like the 7D.  Its total manual control makes it challenging, fun, and capable of video that you can be pleased with (no matter how amateur) because you had control, you had choice and you used all your skills, no matter how slight at the time.  Its very addictive and many amateurs will be carried away with artistic enthusiasm, providing you have the patience to practice.If you are new to DSLR video as I was (still am, certainly), expect many days of practice (well, its been two weeks and there is still a lot of skill to master - especially in follow focus) to get good clips.  Plan your shots and use a tripod as much as possible. Also, I think its essential to have a viewer and focusing knob such as the IDC Run & Gun.  Google it.  I can't imagine how anyone can get good video clips without this simple but well engineered add-on. Again, I think this device is essential to getting good clips. Again, I think this device is essential to getting good clips (get it).My favorite switching lenses:  Canon EF 50mm f/1:1.4 and Canon EF-S 17-55mm f/1:2.8.  We, and I personally, do not have much use for the 18-135mm lens that came with the cameras and should have purchased just the body.I added the BeachTek DXA-5D under the camera so I could use my two XLR shotgun mikes on a bar attached to the top shoe and I also use two Earthworks omni's there too.  For less critical sound I attach the Rode stereo video mike.MORE ADDED FOR DSLR VIDEO AMATEURS:Because I suspect relative amateurs (like me) will be interested in this camera for its video to break into creativity not possible with fixed lens video cameras, here is some advice to avoid frustration using your fantastic video files from your new Canon 7d:Some will be frustrated that they can not play the video clips on their PC's after transferring them to their hard drive.  Some will be frustrated they can not edit the H.264 codec Quicktime .MOV file format as they come off the camera in even very expensive editing software.  Download and purchase CineForm Neo Scene and convert all your clip files to .AVI.  This is highly recommended by many professionals.Want to get your Canon 7d clips easily and quickly to disk and view HD video using a DVD or a BluRay Player or hand them to others to view?  I highly recommend the inexpensive Sothink HD Movie Maker software from SourceTec Software Co.  Its very inexpensive and its a quick download.  Just add your clips to the editor with the "Add" button and click the "Burn" button.  The software doesn't do much else so there is no learning curve. You can put many HD clips onto inexpensive DVD disks.  And if the video clips are precious, please burn them to 300 year archival Gold disks such as those by Kodak.