I recommend this camera because of versatility, camera dynamics, ease of use and the great photographs it enables.First the negatives -- I only rated it as 4 stars because it retains some of the quirks of the original 850 (a) when the battery is depleted the camera stops operation with the lens extended.  Although there is a battery indicator, I have found it only somewhat reliable when it is "close" to being completed used and some times it will freeze within a few photos, other times I can take 30-40 more pictures.  I always have a spare set of batteries on hand and unless I am concerned about missing a photograph, I will use the batteries until the camera freezes.(b) Very infrequently the image will be unable to focus and captures a blurred photograph -- the camera cannot seem to focus on a clear picture regardless of proximity.  Sometimes just refocusing with the zoom or changing the mode may help.  Sometimes I need to turn it off and back on and the problem is solved.  But as always ... what I see is what I get.  (Not a manual focusing problem ... it is the internal mechanism "in" the camera).  Again it is rare -- but can be annoying if you do not get another photo opportunity.Now the positivesI own both the HP PS 850 and the HP PS 945.  I even bought the HP PS 945 for my mother -- I like the HP camera(a) the quality of the photographs are exceptional -- both cameras allow (clearly focused) photos to be enlarged to poster size and retain the clear/clean quality i.e. 4.1 MP (in the 850) and 5.3 MP (in the 945).(b) The ability to use the eyepiece to focus (without having to wear your prescription eyeglasses) have allowed me more flexibility.  And of course the option to use the large viewing area of the screen as an alternative allows me to see an enlarged view of the picture (better perspective of color, depth etc).(c) the optical zoom allows for a sharp picture of far away shots that typically would have been enlarged but not clear using only a digital zoom.  And by the way, even photos using the optical and digital zoom come in clear when I use a tripod ... I have been able to take photos of the pelicans in flight or fishing on the bay from my home -- typically I would have to try to get close and I would miss a picture as they would fly away seeing my approach.(d) The ability to take movie clips has been extended -- there is a longer time frame captured than with the 850 ... sound quality is average  (not great if the sound is abrupt or too loud ... example fireworks or car races or the noise from a lot of wind).(e)  As compared to the 850 - - The addition of the controls located on the top of the camera (action, auto, landscape, tv, portrait) together wih the on/off, timer and movie selections has been helpful for my mother as it is easier to access than going through the steps with the other options in the capture menu.  Personally if I am not careful, I sometimes accidently nudge the switch and may find myself using tv instead of auto or landscape ... so I am now more attentive.  The on/off switch is more sensitive in the 945 than in the 850 ... this may be a plus or a minus dependent on the user.(f) the options in the capture menu are easy to access and very well explained allowing a novice and an experienced photographer get great use out of the camera features.(g) New from the 850 to the 945 is the feature of adding a sound clip to an image ... interesting.(h) Although this is more as an aside, the Secure Digital cards whether it be an "extreme" or an "ultra II" or the original san disk (compairing the 512 MB) do not seem to differ in how quickly you can take pictures ... I am not sure the higher price for the extreme or ultra is worth the costs.(i) Oh yes, the 945 uses the higher MB cards, where as it was recommended only using the 128 for the 850.  That is nice as I can capture more images at one time without changing cards.So, best of luck ... I look forward to continued improvements by HP ... this is still the camera I would recommend.