The Casio EX-Z55 is especially notable for two salient features not found in other ultra-compact, ultra-thin digital cameras:1) A *huge* 2.5" LCD screen (vs. 2" on the slightly cheaper Z50).  You probably have seen labels on other tiny cameras that claim "large 1.8-in LCD."  Well, this tiny Z55 has a whopping 2.5" (diagonal) screen which is almost twice as big as the 1.8" ones.2) Incredible battery life for such a small camera.  Casio rates this at 400 pictures using some industry standard measurement (called "CIPA").  In comparison, the Canon SD300 is rated at 140, the Pentax Optio S5i at 160, and the Panasonic DMC-FX7 (with vibration reduction) at 120.  I have not measured real-world battery life since I didn't have the camera for long, but I took over 200 pictures (about 1/4 with flash and all with the LCD on) and there was still plenty of juice left.Unlike many ultra-compacts, this camera does have an optical viewfinder, albeit a tiny one.  If you want to prevent blurry pictures, you may want to use the optical viewfinder more, as holding the camera close to your face helps steady your shots.Now, what about the Picture Quality?First, as I always tell people: be realistic in your expectations.  This is a very small camera, which means it has a very small lens (and aperture) and a very small sensor inside.  The law of physics simply cannot be defied.  The guy who owns a Canon EOS Digital Rebel of course complains about the picture quality of this Casio; it's like you own a Ferrari Enzo and then tries to expect the same performance from a Toyota Corolla.  No matter how refined the Corolla is, it simply does not have the same power or performance as the Enzo, simply because it's in a different class, intended for a different audience, and has a much smaller engine.Digital SLRs such as the Nikon D70 and Canon EOS Digital Rebel are large and expensive for a reason: they are designed to wrestle the best performance out of digital sensors (CCD or CMOS).  The Casio EX-Z55, like other ultra-compacts, is designed to be pocketable (even in a shirt).  Cameras like this simply cannot take ultra-sharp pictures; their tiny lenses simply won't allow that.OK, enough philosophizing.  The Casio is best for casual shots.  You know, the shots at a party or club, the candid shots of kids and pets, the family shots at the local park or zoo.  This is a take-anywhere-shoot-anywhere camera.  It's even pretty fast in starting up so you can just take it out, turn it on, and shoot.  It's best used as a point-and-shoot (also known as an idiot's camera).If you compare the Casio's picture quality vis-a-vis that of the Pentax Optio S5i or Canon SD300, you'll see it holds up pretty well.  In fact, I would say for this tiny amazing thing, the picture quality is pretty high.  The picture is a little on the soft side, but that can be sharpened in most image editing packages.  If your intention is to make prints, the picture quality is sufficient, esp. after you apply a little bit of sharpening.  Let me put this way: for most casual shots (which is what we consumer photographers do anyway), the Z55's picture quality does not disappoint.But don't take my word for it.  Hop over to Best Buy or Circuit City or Radio Shack and take a look at this amazing camera yourself.  If you want a pocketable camera with good picture quality and amazing battery life and a large, impressive LCD, the EX-Z55 should be your top choice.