And after having a Nikon 950 for a number years, it was time to just move up.  The one thing that I did buy with my N950 was a fisheye lense, which I really enjoyed.  But after a while those fisheye picture really got kinda boring, but what I really enjoyed the most out of it was the Wide Angle'ness of the lense.Most camera only give you 28mm worth of lense, but the one thing that sold me on this camera was that it did go down to 24mm and I wanted my next camera to have that movie mode.  A trival feature for some folks, but as Compact Flash cards get cheaper by the day.  Having a digital camera with a 60 sec (30fps movie is alot of fun, which is the TV standard),  There is also a 15fps mode which is idea for sending over the internet via e-mail (cable modem best required as we're talking about a 30 second flick weighing in at about 3MB in length)...But, I don't have any problems using my local dial up... but it's just takes longers to upload and download.But, the 24mm and 8 Megapixel, which in most regard captured photos in the ISO rating of 50.  Which if you know photography this is superb for capturing colors and definition.  If your looking for a camera shooting far away shots, this probably isn't it.I prefer to shoot people and large machines with in a 50 feet distance...  However, this is a real dandy for photographic the wide open great outdoors mountain top/city scapes skylight photos.  Every photographer is different in what they shoot.I also like to zoom in on a macro mode and photograph ants and little bugs.  They just make for interesting photographs.  This lense is tight and I love how they (Nikon) has listen to the photographers over the year in pointing out what would make a camera easy to operate and very functional.  Once you master this electronical beast, which is pretty straight forward easy.  Well then, you'll see how fast you'll get hook on using it.Alot of photographers on several of the digital camera review online sites have some really great reviews online.  But take them all with a grain of salt.  Will you really be worried about a 1/8 second lag in your shutter.  I won't.I was seriously considering getting a Nikon D-70, and having the flexibility of a variety of lense.  But, in all reality, I found by the time you had to tote around all your gear and worry about getting it ripped off.  Photography, by and whole wasn't worth the time of day.  However, if you can buy something with a great lense attached to it and a functional device... Well, then you'd have the perfect set up.  The D70 is a sweet camera to hold in your hand but, if you looking for something way more function without the big price tag, take a look at the 8400 or the 5400.Granted, this camera doesn't look cool like a DSLR, but I perfer to choose the easy of use and fuction over a big bulky DSLR and also, if your a world traveler, all theives know SLR are worth a lot more than these boring looking cameras,,,which pack alot of punch.Also..one more thing I like about this camera is the LCD panel that can adjusted to your line of sight.  The DSLR LCD window are built into the body of the camera...  Thus, when shooting over a crowd of people you can visually see what your aiming at and equally so, when you set the camera on the ground - you don't have to lay on your belly to see what the camera is focused on.  So, if you say a ship mechanic and need to take a picture in a small space, this camera allow you the flexibility to focuse on the hard to reach subject.Also the D70 doesn't have a movie mode.Now go check out those other reviews!!