I'm an easy grader and love to give positive reviews of products that perform well. So please think seriously about what I say before buying this product. I am a photography and graphics professional, but I'm really only judging this camera against my expectations for similar products in this class. [The most recent point and shoot camera that I've owned was a Panasonic Lumix DMC-FX8 5MP, purchased in 2006.]Cons:1)Poor image quality. Not worthy of the name/reputation that Fuji has earned through years of superior film products. Images are grainy in nearly all but perfectly bright outdoor settings. For digital photo professionals, I'm referring to chromatic noise in excess of anything I've seen in the last 5 years or so. I'm almost baffled that the sensor could be so poor. Indoor shots are terrible. It's almost impossible to get this camera to shoot a focused picture in anything other than midday sun or with a harsh flash that washes out the image. All shooting conditions being equal, I would prefer to have a 5 megapixel image from my Lumix rather than a 10 megapixel image from the Fuji FinePix.2)Waterproofing fails. I read a review right after I bought this camera that said that the user had experienced a problem with moisture behind the LCD display. I hoped that her experience was atypical. Unfortunately, I had the same experience. On day 9 of a 10 day trip to Mexico, the camera developed a moisture problem that affected both the LCD display and the lens. Images were completely fogged and unacceptable. I had to fully dry the camera (try that in 100% tropical humidity) in order to get it to de-fog.3)Long time (few seconds) to display image after shutter press. Can be a bit frustrating when action happens.4)Not enough manual control for iso/shutter speed/flash in difficult lighting conditions, which for this camera are most lighting conditions. I had better fine controls on my Lumix, three years ago. And better indoor/party photos on my Nikon Coolpix 880 back in the late '90s.5)LCD is difficult to read in most daylight and underwater lighting conditions. You'll find yourself trying to create a dark shadow with your other hand in order to see what you're doing, and even then it's hard to read.Pros:1)Flotation strap really works.2)Fun, easy and convenient.3)Interesting advances features like face recognition that I didn't get a chance to fully test because of Con #2 above.4)Video.I purchased this camera just before our trip to Mexico, because of the waterproof feature and because I wanted a fast/fun/easy backup to my professional grade Canon 5D mkII. I returned it immediately after the trip because of the internal moisture issue. The camera was never subjected to conditions outside of its stated range. It wasn't dropped, crushed or shocked. The deepest that camera was ever in the water was about 5 feet. We went snorkeling with it about 5 times and shot some fairly good underwater photos. Never exceeded the camera's rated depth.In conclusion, this was a camera that I really wanted to love and rave about, but the main purpose of a camera is not all the fluff and jazzy features. It's taking pictures. This camera just takes lousy pictures. The sensor creates images that are high in megapixels but otherwise more like a cell phone camera than a nice point and shoot. And its one hallmark feature, being waterproof, failed after about a week of what I would consider normal use by responsible, careful adults. I returned mine and am looking for another point-and-shoot to replace it. This could have been an AMAZING product if the sensor was better and the waterproofing didn't fail. It's a fun little camera with a really convenient form factor and easy controls, this pics just aren't good.