Well like most of you, I did a bunch of research on camera before I settled on this one.  I looked at the Canon SX200IS and a couple of other Lumix's and the Sony H20.  What is really great about this camera is that it takes great pictures, especially in good to great light.  I have owned this camera for over 6 months and I have made many 8x10's, look perfect, and even a 16x20, looks good, but not perfect.  In low light, you have to change the settings to night or adjust exposure or put on a tripod to get ok photos.  This, like most point and shoots, is limited in lower light.  Yes you can use the flash, but then you have a bright subject with a black background.  What you lose is the context of the picture, where it was, who was there, etc.  So, if you play around with some of the other scene modes and adjust exposure and use a tripod you can, once in a while, get a decent shot.+'s1.The burst function works great, very fast.2.The sports scene mode works very fast, too (great capture of jumping on trampoline/pool shots).3.A great night scene for capturing your house with lights on at night.4.HD video works well in good to great light.  Mini HDMI out is great and a must.  No special cord from Lumix to buy, just a regular mini HDMI/regular HDMI cord.5.Very good picture quality with the ability to expand photos to 8x10 and 11x14 with stunning results.  16x20 if you have really good light.6.One touch record button right by your thumb for HD movie.  This is great so you do not have to search for it when you want to record movies.  It goes back and forth between photos and movies seemlessly.7.Good quality construction.-'s1.As some state, you have limited control over settings.  What you need to do is change the scene mode to compensate for different settings with some exposure control, white balance, bracketing, flash, and ISO control manually.2.Battery life is decent, but not great.  The good news is that the battery charges pretty quickly about 3 hours or so.3.Noise when zooming in and out in HD movie so I compensate by setting the zoom first, then I hit record for the movies and then move forward or back to adjust for that.For $230 you cannot beat this camera.  If you need anything more than this camera, then you need a DSLR- which I am getting.  I love this camera and everyone is extremely impressed with the photos that it can produce.  Even once I get a DSLR, I will still use this camera often.  Rather than carry a camcorder and a DSLR, you can carry this and get awesome photos and movies- assuming good to great light. I have reached the limits of this camera and need some more control over aperture, shutter speed and other things that this camera is not set up to provide.  Having said that, what this camera does provide is very good and quite easy to use. Do yourself a favor and get an Extreme III SDHC card at least a class 6.