Having used this camera for several days, I can basically say that this camera falls right between your basic point and shoot and ultrazoom. I will try to write this review so it won't terribly overlapped some of the other well written reviews. For those thinking this is the next step after SP590UZ, you are pretty wrong. Although zoom is extended to 30x, your camera features are more closer to your basic point and shoot camera. This is clearly indicted by the fact that Olympus did away with the electronic view finder and manual adjustment features that previous SP series had.I have read the previous reviews on video capabilities of this camera. They are mostly on the mark. I don't think Olympus cameras were any good with their videos and they are still light-years behind Canon SX20 IS and SX10 IS on that score. You don't buy this camera to take video. You buy this camera because it easier then heck to use and it got 30x optical zoom. (Of course, I would have prefer a wider angle for little less zoom.)On one super positive side, they did away with Olympus xD cards (Thank the Camera Gods!) and now you can used SD cards like any other good cameras out there. On the sadder note, they did away with the AA batteries to power this on and switch to li-on battery. Of course, li-on battery is better for video but this Olympus camera, like all others, happened to be pretty lame with their video capability so you will be shooting more photos then video. AA batteries in my book is better because you can always get your hand on more batteries. Also taking away four AA batteries made this camera too light. With no EVF and light camera, shooting at long zoom can be chore even with their well made image stabilizer system. Having wrote that, I have to say that this camera is very comfortable to hold. But like any other point and shoot that relied strictly on LCD monitor, you will suffer on very sunny days when that LCD become very hard to look through. That is why for camera of this much zoom, EVF is mandatory and this camera don't have it.The camera performed pretty well in lighted area but I regret to say that the photos comes out bit grainy and noisy as the light fades. The auto focus seem to be inconsistent in the darker places and I am not sure why. The flash works pretty well though but its hard to manage it.If you look at the back of this camera, you will realized with much horror or with some relief (depending on what you like) that there is almost no buttons back there. There is this red button for video and a button for playback mode. Rest is used for surfing the menu system. For me at least, I find it a pain to navigate through all these menus to adjust this and that as I want it. Especially when I am adjusting and adapting as I shoot. Usually most cameras of this type got EV adjustment button, self timer button, marco-micro button and all that. Not with this camera, you got to go through the menu system for just about everything. Some may like this, I did not so that is one of the reasons why I gave it only three stars.This camera is hybrid between a basic point and shoot and your latest ultrazoom. Lacking EVF and manual control features make this closer to the a basic point and shoot with a big zoom. I am not sure who wants something like this but I am sure somebody does.I hope this review complements the other reviews out there. Most are pretty good, pointing out the pros and the cons of this camera in their own colorful style.