...P>The Canon Powershot A40 is an excellent camera, especially for one at the entry-level digital camera price point ...  This is the second digital camera I've owned,...P>The A40 is everything I had hoped for in a digital camera: good picture quality, USB connection, and an intuitive interface.  The interface was especially good in contrast to the Olympus.  Settings for resolution and compression level are separate, which is a major feature to me.  The 3 available resolutions are 640x480, 1024x768, and 1600x1200.  The jpeg compression levels are normal, fine, and superfine.  Images at 1600x1200 and Superfine compression are quite nice indeed, with little, if any, jpeg artifacting.Focusing is done through Canon's AiAF system, which (I guess) uses artificial intelligence to help focus the lens.  If you use the LCD screen when taking your pictures, 3 boxes appear representing the focus points.  When pressing the shutter half-way, the boxes turn green representing the part of the image that will have the focus.  This is very handy as it's hard to tell what the camera is focusing on sometimes.  However, this system does get annoying at times, such as when the green boxes choose to focus on something other than what you want!  This usually requires you to make an adjustment to your angle or position.  In general I am pretty pleased with the focusing on the A40.  ...I was afraid that I was simply expecting too much for a camera at this price point, but the Canon has shown me otherwise.  Pictures with the A40 are sharpest in bright sunlight, as you would probably expect.  Focusing is not quite as good in low light situations, but the AiAF is helpful in this regard.  If none of the green boxes appear when you press the shutter button it's a sign that there's not enough light to get a good focus, and your image may come out blurry.  There's an autofocus helper beam that's supposed to help the camera focus in low light, but it's so dim that I don't see how it can really be of any assistance.  Indoors, pictures taken with the flash are pretty good, but sometimes the flash goes off outside where there is ample light, and the resulting image is quite dim.  In these situations I've found it's usually best to disable the flash, though you might end up with a somewhat blurry image.  Colors on the A40 are bright and vivid.  There are sites you can find with great sample pictures, and I would suggest everyone find some sample photos before making a decision on any digital camera.  I don't notice much, if any, bleeding of colors,...The menu system is clean and intuitive.  The font for the menus is easy to read, even in bright sunlight.  There is an on/off button which in photo mode causes the lens to extend or retract, or in "play" mode causes the stored images to be displayed on the LCD screen.  There's a mode wheel which allows you to select Play, Auto, Program, Manual, Panorama, and Movie mode.  The movie mode allows you to record short (~15 seconds on the included 8 meg CF card) movies.  Most digital cameras sold today have this "Feature," however the Canon is unique in that it has a built-in microphone, so you get sound with your movie as well as video.  Most cameras have no mic, so you're left with video only.One thing that was somewhat disappointing with the A40 was that it wasn't recognized as a Mass Storage Device when plugged into my Windows 2000 PC, which my Olympus was.  However, this turned out to be a non-issue once I installed the A40's included software.  Once the software is installed, you plug the camera into a USB port on your PC, set the camera to "play" mode, and turn it on.  Canon's ZoomBrowser application then starts up, and prompts you to download all of the camera's new images (since the last time you synced, though you can set it to fetch all images, or just ones you've flagged) to your PC.  On the included 8 meg card this takes less than 30 seconds when the card is full.  Once the images have been transferred to my PC, I quit the ZoomBrowser app, so I can't really give you a decent review of the app itself.  I prefer to do photo editing in photoshop.The A40 takes 4 AA batteries, which are included.  I've had the camera for over a week and taken ~200 pictures and am still using the set of batteries that came with the camera, so I would say it has pretty good battery life.  As with any digital camera, I would recommend a set of NiMH rechargables if you're planning to use the camera with any frequency (and believe me, since you're not worrying about paying for film processing, you'll be using the camera a lot more -- I take pictures of the wall just because I *can*).As I've stated above, the A40 ships with an 8 MB Compact Flash card.  At the max resolution and best compression, this will hold only 8-12 images, so I plan on purchasing a 128 meg CF card.  ... and it will save you lots of time running back and forth to the PC to transfer images, especially if you use a lower resolution or jpeg level -- my personal favorite is 1024 Superfine.All in all, the Canon Powershot A40 is an excellent camera for the price, is more than suitable for beginners, and is even enough to satisfy a computer-geek (but photo-newbie) like me.  While you can probably get better quality by spending more, the A40 is relatively inexpensive for such a quality device.