This is by far the worst digital camera I've ever used. I would avoid this product like the plague if I could try again; I absolutely hate it.First major problem is battery life. It's awful. I was trying to take pictures in a cave I was exploring on vacation, and we went through 3 sets of batteries (that's 6 AA batteries) in just 30 minutes. One pair of brand new Energizer batteries, right out of the packaging, was actually dead in 7 minutes. This is inexcusable, and to add insult to injury you can't plug the camera in and recharge rechargeable batteries, so you either spend more on batteries than you do on the camera every time you go on vacation, or you lug around a battery charger with you everywhere you go.The battery life might be a little better if you turned off the digital view screen, but guess what? There is no optical view! You have no way of knowing what you're going to take a picture of with the digital view screen off.The pictures all come out looking like total crap, you may very well get a 6 megapixel image, but that's only the number of pixels in the image, it says nothing about the quality. Pictures are grainy, blurry, and noisy. You almost never get a picture looking the way it did in the viewscreen after you snap the shot. The autofocus is so bad, turning it on is like applying the Blur filter in photoshop to your picture, and the manual focus isn't much better either, particularly with such an inaccurate viewscreen. Pictures invariably come out with an intense yellow or orange tint when they looked fine in the viewscreen, and changing no settings, taking the same shot 5-6 times you'll finally come out with a picture that has the colors you see with your eyes.Because of the deplorable battery life, the camera will turn itself off after 3-4 minutes of inactivity, which would be a good feature, if it didn't take 30 seconds to boot up. The result: if you need to quickly turn the camera on and take a picture of something before you drive past it, or it stops happening, or any other situation where speed is a necessity, you completely miss the shot; but if you just keep the camera on in anticipation of taking the shot, the batteries will die almost instantly.Using it to record video sucks down power even faster than the already obscene rate the camera consumes batteries. Even worse, every time you zoom in or out the camera completely cuts off all audio recording. Immagine taking a tour of something really interesting, your tour guide is explaining some history or other details to you, you zoom in on what he's talking about to get a better look, and when you go to look at the video after your vacation, there is just silence as you were zooming in and out. Would you be angry? I sure am!My girlfriend has a 2.3 megapixel camera in her cell phone. Every single picture she took with it came out better than every picture I took with this camera, including inside a dark cave, where my flash should have drastically outperformed hers. At the end of the day, her cell phone still had power, where my camera had gone through 6 AA batteries in 30 minutes.Do not buy this cheap piece of junk, unless you see it on eBay of course, which is where I'll be trying to get rid of it. ;-)