Well, this camera is something special and I have been  compelled write this review because of couple of reasons. For the first, here the reasons. I read many bad , negative reviews of this camera and in the same time all those people who actually used it told how much they have being amazed by the picture quality it produces. So I've decided to try. The camera's images are not amazed they are stunned. The image quality is so high that it left me speechless for the first.I'm just wandering about those who left negative reviews about it? The CNET review, that named it "mediocre SLR camera" is just a plain lie. In my opinion they giving point for those who gives more money, it's it. Another interesting "review", I read from Ken Rockwell (really gifted photo artist!, no questions!), who reviewed this camera without even try it!So let start. First of all, it is NOT 3.5M camera. It is AT LEAST 10M camera, but megapixels in the traditional meaning just are not applicable here. This camera produces NEGATIVES. This negative is result of 10M photo elements. In the same time any of 6M cameras has HALF OF THEM GREEN and ONLY 25% red and another 25% blue. If we speak about "image quality" using this kind of "resolution" , this camera produces 14M images. In the same time the "real" resolution of those "6M" cameras stand about 1.5M, the everything else is a pure deceiving interpolation. I see that Cannon and NIkon, aren't  happy to see this Sigma on the market, since it MUCH SUPERIOR to any camera they make they started to discredit it.I do not say it is an ideal, but it close. Much closer than everything else that feels like SLR.This Sigma produces PHOTOGRAPHIC IMAGES. I mean it. There's full range of amazing continuos beautiful halftones as you can see on the best reversible films. The pictures are spectacular.Since it is real photographic tool, you come back to the true that photography and it is about light. Your raw pictures will normally produce 3000 by 4500 huge images that is not interpolating, they just "enlargements" from digital negative. It reviles as many details that ANY other camera can't produce. There are 14M cameras on the market, but they DO NOT MUCH this SIgma in the meaning of photography. I can blow my raw image 4 times more and it still looking better than those from 14M Canon. By the way, those image from Cannon show horrible color reproduction, especially in the red. For example two closely colored redish colors coming out the same!This Sigma saves colors! It saves the real colors, not the estimations, not the interpolations but the real thing. Camera has just the everything that it has to have, including the high speed synchronization up to 1/6000 !!!The lens from Sigma just as good(or better) as any other lenses from Nikon , Cannon or Minolta. Even cheap $100 tag slow glass is of very good optical quality. Yes/ for $100 you're getting slow lenses, but it almost distortion free and high contrast! But fro $300 you can get perfectly fast, noticeably bright zoom that at least as good as any lens from "leading companies".Camera is very well constructed, it handles as it should be, the focusing system is fast, the screen is bright and clear, all controls location are very clever and logical. I like this camera and you're going to like it too. No boundaries anymore. You can print image as large as you need, no questions. In two, three years Foveon will overcome. I