I don't mean for this to be an in depth review. There are a lot of truly excellent in depth reviews posted here already.I followed this camera since announcement and have been eagerly awaiting its release here in Canada. After about a week, though, it's going back.The big issues I have with the camera may not be of high priority to other people, but are particularly important to me. This camera, as others have said, is generally superb, and can take absolutely fantastic pictures with the best dynamic range available.And one other positive which is important to me but not mentioned by a lot of other people is the flash recycling time is quite good, maybe 2 seconds.Auto white balance is excellent too.My issues:* Because this is to be a family camera, it has to be easy to use without really being educated about its functions. The full auto modes are not good enough - the EXR mode is loud and annoying, and both auto modes take pictures in ISOs that are not even remotely necessary. I don't need my wife taking ISO 1600 shots in decent indoor lighting at 1/60th of a second. That's not particularly helpful. It also prevents me from ever using most of the presets (snow, party, etc)* While high ISO is obviously better than anything else in a compact, the camera needs it because the image stabilization is not as good as on Canons and Panasonics because it is sensor-based rather than lens based.* I come from A series Canons, and the ability to set apertures and/or shutter speeds is sorely missed, particularly were auto ISO gives you 800 or 1600 more often than 200 unless outside in daylight.* Video is important for us because with small children it is nice to have a video capabilities at all times and we don't carry around a video camera. Video capabilities on this camera kind of suck.* A critical point for me, though not much I'm sure for a lot of others, is continuous shooting. Rarely do kids look the right way, so to be able to burst shots until you get the right one is very important to me. This camera can only do quick bursts at full resolution for 3 shots (or at least it only keeps the first or the last 3), and the full continuous shoot mode is painfully slow, I would say one shot every 1.5 or 2 seconds as it refocuses between each shot. That is not nearly good enough, and while the camera does have a (very) quick continuous mode, that takes shots at only 3 megapixels.* The battery cover keeps opening up in my pocket. Not a huge deal, but at the same time, maybe it is...So like I said, the camera is great at what it does, but its limitations may be important depending on your needs. Video, as noted by others, is bad. Photos, as noted by others, are superb, IF you are expert enough to learn and use the camera. As a straight point and shoot, the camera is not particularly good, as it boosts ISO way too much. And continuous shooting is, for me at least, unacceptably slow.I really wanted to like this camera, and dynamic range is something I always really wanted, but the F200 EXR just doesn't work for me.I am inclined to try the new Panasonic super zoom next (the ZS3/TZ7). I don't need a super zoom, and I understand Panny is coming out with a similar 5x zoom at some point, but I don't want to wait. I understand the ZS3/TZ7's burst mode is faster, the lens is wider (and better), and the video is HD. I also understand the Panasonic has excellent lens-based image stabilization, and much better battery life (though I never had a problem with the F200's battery life). While the Panasonic has fewer manual controls, it is supposed to have the best auto in the business. While I would prefer more controls, it is more important for everyone to be able to pick up and use the camera to produce quality shots than for me to be able to (and have to) play to get pretty pictures.I think Fuji really missed the strike zone on this one. This camera with a better lens, better auto intelligence, and better video (and better continuous shooting for me at least) could have been a huge smash success that reinvigorated the Fuji brand for cameras. As it is, the camera is a tiny small step forward but big step to the side from their previous compacts. It's really too bad.Hope this helps.