I purchased this camera in August 2002 as my first foray into the world of digital photography and have used it a lot since. Overall I have been very pleased. It feels comfortable in the hand and takes extremely clear pictures with good color balance. I have taken pictures in environments ranging from the beach at mid-day to the top of the Empire State building at night and the camera managed well in all cases, though as with any camera, camera-shake at night is a problem and you might want to consider using a tripod. The only time I have had any problem with quality is when taking pictures in low light in a restaurant when speckling noise became an issue. Overall this is a very good and functional little camera which takes excellent pictures, gives you quite a bit of manual control if you want it, but takes very good "snaps" automatically if you don't. I take it everywhere and since each shot is essentially free, take far more photos than I would have done with a conventional camera. I would now not be parted with it.However, while generally very satisfied, I do have some complaints as follows: 1) The lens cap falls off FAR too easily. You have to be really careful when putting the camera into a bag or the lens cap will definitely be dangling on its string. 2) The on-off / mode-selector dial can very easily be knocked from the Off position when handling / storing the camera. This turns the camera on in one mode or another, which is annoying. If you don't notice this has happened, the convenient auto timeout will save your batteries but it would be better if the dial offered more resistance when in the Off position. 3) The zoom control is somewhat unresponsive making it very difficult or even impossible to accurately zoom by a small amount. You have to nudge the control very briefly and then wait for the lens to catch up with the requested tiny adjustment. It's very counter intuitive. Zooming from one extreme to another is easy but minor adjustments are something of a practiced art. So for occasions that need rapid shooting, you may find this frustrating.I have found that a 3x zoom is somewhat inadequate for anything other than generally modifying the framing and composition of the picture. Forget any hopes of sneaking up on wildlife or people, since for that you will need 7x or more and this camera is just not going to deliver. Frustrating but not a fault. You can see upfront what you are buying and if 3x is OK for you, then go ahead, if not, spend more money and get a more powerful zoom on a different camera. This is the issue more than any other that is making me think of trading up for a different camera. Too often, I just cannot get the telephoto shots I can see presented in front of me.The Camedia software shipped with the camera is very good and I use it a lot in "slideshow" mode to view all my pictures. However, now that I have about 1000 pictures in one directory, it is apt to crash at startup if I do not allow it sufficient time to scan all the images before scrolling through the list of thumbnails. Irritating but not a major problem. The USB interface works like it is supposed to with Win2000. No problem, it does what it says on the box. Fast and error free.All in all, a very nice little camera at a reasonable price. The bottom line has to be good pictures and this camera definitely delivers. If it had a longer lens and got the few niggles ironed out, this could be close to being my ideal camera.