I've owned the SX20IS for nearly 4 months now and have sampled literally every function this camera has to offer.  Overall this camera offers some great features such as a 12mp sensor, 20X zoom lens, HD video w/ stereo sound, full manual and automatic controls, flip-out rotating screen, flash hot shoe, and Canon reliability.  There are other positive things to say about this camera as well, these are key points.On the other hand, my complaints are regarding the overall quality of images and video this camera produces.  I will say this first, keeping in mind this is still a point-and-shoot camera, in well lit situations it catures crisp photos and video with good color tones.  However, when the lights begin to dim and you begin to increase ISO sensitivity, the limitation of the relatively small CCD sensor begin to show.  The problem is that Canon tried to impress customers with a high pixel count and cram it onto a small CCD sensor.  This of course increases pixel density to 43mp / cm2 and light sensitivity suffers.  I would have preferred to see Canon build this camera with no more than 10mp to help this situtation.  In that case, however, you may as well choose the SX1IS for it's 10mp CMOS sensor or a G11 as it offers a sensor with a larger surface area for greater sensitivty.The problem is that any ISO setting over 200 is noticeably grainy and gets worse the more you increase it.  Plus, auto focus often times has to "hunt" to lock on the subject and sometimes it focuses on the wrong area.  I tried to track moving subjects in daylight while zoomed and the camera would often loose focus or catch something in the background.  This is likely do to the lens design rather than the sensor.But don't get me wrong, generally speaking this is a well designed camera with good intentions and is highly versatile as a point-and-shoot model.  But, there in lies it's weakness; it does many things well but not one thing great.  It's a jack of all trades, but a master of none.  I don't think it's junk because in the right conditions image quality is good.  Now that I've seen what it's capable of, and comparing it to images from my old S3IS, I would recommend that potential buyers consider a G11 for image quality, or the Nikon P100 as it offers lower pixel density, a CMOS sensor, 1080P video, a higher resolution screen, lithium battery pack and a more power zoom lens, though you do loose the hot shoe.  The Sony DSC-HX1 is worth considering as well as models from Fuji and Olympus.  If the hot shoe is that big of a deal for you and you can live without a super long zoom lens, just go to a DSLR.  Some models with HD video capability can be had for around $500; plus, the image quality and light sensitivity will be significantly better.Speaking of DSLR's, it seems that Canon had advanced users in mind when building this camera.  That is someone who desires the control and functions of a DSLR yet wants the affordability of a Point-and-shoot and the versatility of a long zoom lens.  However, unlike a DSLR, there are no threads at the end of the lens to attach filters and screw on lenses; something an advanced user would likely use.  Yet Canon featured a hot shoe for external flashes.  Just another one of it's quirks.Remember, overall pixel count is important for detailed images, but it's not the key deciding factor.  Virtually every camera today features a 10mp or better sensor.  This is plenty of resolution for anyone; do you really plan to print 12x16 photos?  Also consider, sensor type (CCD or CMOS), sensor size (if listed) and maximum aperture range.UPDATE:  I finally purchased a T2i about two weeks ago and let me just say, what a difference!  In all fairness, the SX20 is NOT a DSLR so it can't be directly compared.  The point I'm trying to make is that if you're considering an advanced camera like this, pause for a moment while you're at the camera shop and hold a Pentax K-X, Panasonic G1, Nikon D5000, Canon T1i or T2i.  All these models offer HD video and some of them can be had for around $500 on Amazon.  You may find it's worth the jump.