I got this for my girlfriend specifically because she wanted the front facing screen for taking self-portraits with friends.The camera takes good quality pictures for what you would expect from these pocket point-and-click cameras.  Also, from bootup to taking a picture is quick and simple. That aside, my main complaint is with the menu system which is not intuitive and you will have to dig around a bit and get used to it. Also to note, the flash only has Full flash which is not good for close pictures. It is also deactivated when taking self-portraits. Probably because it would wash you out.The three things that make this camera unique are the front facing camera, the touchscreen lcd, and the motion/tilt activated controls.Front facing camera:  You activate the front facing screen simply by double tapping on it. The camera will automatically take a picture if it detects a smile. This is terrible in low light situations because you obviously can't see yourself, but the flash doesn't work in this mode.Touchscreen LCD:  Other cameras have touchscreen lcds, but I wanted to talk about this one real quick. The haptic feedback of the touch screen works well, although it seems like you have to press harder than on other touchscreen devices. This is probably a resistive touchscreen.Motion/Tilt activated controls:  I didn't know that this was a feature when I bought the camera. Basically you can tilt the camera forward, backward, left, or right. Depending on what mode you are in, each tilt will do a different action. The problem is that you can accidently tilt it and then not be sure what happened. The most common case is when you are trying to show a picture to somebody else. The tilt left or right function in view picture mode will move you to the next picture backward (left tilt) or forward (right tilt). If you choose a picture and hand it to a friend to look at it, chances are the camera will recognize a tilt during the handoff and the other person will not see the same picture that you intended them to see. And I could not find a way to turn this off, it seems natively built into the menu structure.Pros:  - Point-and-click is quick and easy.  - Front facing camera is easy to use and works well (except low light).  - Compact and sleek look.  - Always a conversation piece when people see the front facing camera.  - 4.6x optical zoom.Cons:  - Many things are hidden in the menu system and will take digging to find.  - The motion/tilt controls can be very frustrating.  - Has the feel of a first run model because most of the special features could use some tweaking.Overall:  The camera is fun and easy to use once you get through a couple of things. One nice thing is that people always comment on it when they see the front facing camera and want to try it. I've found I end up with a lot more pictures and people who usually don't like their picture taken will warm up to this most of the time. I've always had good luck with Samsung products and I would recommend this camera. Also, this camera cam out in Fall 2009, so my guess would be that Samsung will probably roll out a newer model set this fall. This means the getting is good for this model because prices are lower.