Does what it's built to do. I bought this camera to take on a trip to Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park. our itenerary included lots of hiking, kayaking and just outdoor activities in general. Therefore I wanted a cemera that would take decent pictures for the areas I wasn't comfortable carrying my wifes expensive (and more fragile) Nikon.Here's the pro's:1) It's Durable: Well Duh! It's made to be a durable camera. I havn't actually dunked it yet, but it got splashed on and had a dime size peice of hail hit it right on the shutter and no problem. So no complaints there. The feel of this camera doesn't leave you afraid to carry it either. It has some weight to it which I like.2) Easy to use and figure out, but not useless either: You don't have to be a professional photographer to sort out the settings. Most items are fairly self explainitory. But while it's easy for the novice (Me)to just say "hey look at that [Click]", there are enough adjustments to make the pro (my wife) happy using it as well.3) Compact.Even with the floating case it still fit easily into the front pocket of my PFD (life vest) and didn't hinder my paddling at all. While hiking I mostly carried it in my cargo pants pocket or shirt pocket. Sat on it a few times too which goes back to the durability.4) Cost. At about 200 bucks tops, this is a great camera. The last point and shoot I owned was a Cannon and cost about 400. So considering this one takes equal quality pictures and has the added durability, it's a no brainer.No for the Cons:1) The charger! you have to leave the battery in the camera to charge it. A fact that I did not realize before taking on my trip. I had left the cord at home to save space packing thinking that the little box that plugs into the wall was a stand alone charger like all my other cameras have been. Fortunately, I found a universal charger made by Logitec that worked. This is my main gripe because it just really irritates me that I can't have a spare battery that I can just change back and forth with while the other is charging.2) the pictures tend to be rather dark. Don't get me wrong, the quality is great, just the brightness needs to be up a notch or two.3) had some problems with the auto panoramic mode when the battery get's low. kinda weird that the battery power would have an effect on function of the software, but all I know is that when the battery was low it wouldn't work right, on full charge, it works great. Go figure?Overall a winning camera for the cost. The picture quality is good for a point and shoot. Many of the reviews will say they suck, but as the husband of a graphic design artist, I'd say they are on par with others in the SAME CLASS. So as long as your expectations are in line with a point and shoot then you should be happy with this camera.