I have had this camera for about 6 months. I wanted a simple point & shoot to replace a old and dead Kodak DX3900. The kodak was great, except it lasted about a year (seems to be a common problem). I never got a blurred image, and very rarely was anything other than crystal clear. With the T1, it has been a battle. I have gone to other sites trying to find tweaks, etc.First the good:1. The LCD screen is really great. Large, clear, and seems to repel fingerprints (not one in 6 months of use).2. This fits in your pocket (but I do NOT recommend it, as scratching the screen will be VERY expensive).3. The buttons, although having a decent learning curve, become easy to use pretty quickly (except for deleting pictures you just took....because that button also controls the resolution, I sometimes switch back and forth accidently).4. Lens cover. Not only does it protect the lens, but it's kind of cool, and turns it on and off.5. Close-ups are just astounding (if you are steady). I can get less than an inch from something with absolute clarity (just make sure you have enough light).6. The video is better than on my Sony Camcorder (when recorded on the memory stick).Now the Bad & the Ugly:1. Flash is terrible indoors without tweaking2. Auto mode is useless unless you have plenty (and I mean PLENTY) of light3. Lag is so long that my 17 month is sometimes completely out of the frame when the picture is actually taken, or, there is such a blur that it looks like he's a world class sprinter.4. Telephoto is weak, and produces more noise than I would like.5. Battery life is terrible, and appears to drain even while off!6. This is not a point and shoot, at least not what I was looking for. You have to change the settings for every different situation.7. Impossible to take video indoors unless there is PLENTY of light.8. Red eye is terrible, even with reduction on, people look like demons.Now, for those who went ahead and bought this camera:For indoor shots, I have found the best way to get good light shots is by playing with the white balance. This also eliminates the yellow hue that is in most of the indoor pictures I had previously taken. I only switch to Auto mode if I am outside and it is sunny. Otherwise, you are stuck in program mode and have to set things up semi-manually. You don't need to pick your f-stops or anything, but it is a bit of a hassle making the needed adjustments for each particular shot. The night shots are very tricky. You can get some great effects, but it takes a lot of practice and experimenting.This is more a camera for a hobbyist than someone who wants to just snap pictures. And that is why I give it only 2 stars.  With all that said, I am still looking for an easy P&S; (my wife still hates the camera and finds no redeeming qualities).