I got this camera a year and half ago. I got it on a cruise for around $209 but I also got the accessory package with it and also a 1G memory card. I think I got a decent deal. I was in need of a camera so it was a good deal at the time especially because I wanted to take some pictures while we were snorkeling I didn't get the Olympus because it didn't take the standard SD card and I liked the cute PINK color of the Fuji.The salesman explained to me that there were two things to be cautious of. And after reading the review from other people I think it is important warn people who are purchasing this camera of these things. The camera is designed to be water and weather resistant, etc. But some of the reviews mentioned that water got into the camera and it is probably because the user did not secure the hinge on the battery/memory compartment. The salesman emphasized over and over again that if the lock button isn't on there is a possibility water can get inside and then you damage the camera. There isn't anything wrong with the camera, it is actually user error. Not a defective product. Also, some other people mentioned that that buttons were wearing. Again, the salesman emphasized that you have to rinse off the camera after using it underwater especially in chlorine pools or salt water. This makes sense because both chlorine and salt water are extremely corrosive! ***Lock the battery compartment and rinse your camera EVERY USE!*** (I'm certain the user manuals mention this but who really reads them?!?)With that being said, I have been doing those two exact things and have no problem with the camera. I love the camera!!!! It is so easy to use. Just point and shoot type of thing. Not complicated at all. Buttons on the display are easy to use.Also, I am really happy I got the accessory package. It definitely has helped me protect the camera. The package also comes with a nifty flotation device so if you are swimming with your camera and you happen to drop it - it won't sink to the bottom. I highly recommend getting it. It has been a lifesaver.Well, I was so pleasantly surprised with the pictures while snorkeling. Everyone in my family asked me for the pictures later. They kept telling me to bring the camera every time we went for our outdoor excursions because they were too worried about damaging their own cameras! My dad thought I wasted my money until he saw the pictures. (That Christmas I got him the same camera in blue!)Later, I took my new camera to Hawaii and now really enjoy looking at videos of me and my bf snorkeling with sea turtles! This beats any old school underwater camera I have used before. The microphone on the camera is decent too. You can even hear the bubbles in the background in all the underwater vids which is neat. He really wasn't convinced that the camera was any good. He has a Cannon and loves it. But his is not underwater so once he realized how fun it was to take videos of the coral reef with the Fuji he was hooked and begging to hold the camera. (I find his Cannon too complicated for me to be honest! I prefer the easy use of the Fuji. I know I am biased but I do love this camera!!!)So there are a few cons to this camera. The camera cord is not standard which other users mentioned. This I agree is a little annoying as I am the type of person who often misplaces cords like that. So to make up for this the camera takes a standard SD card so I just use an SD reader. Problem solved there. Also, the battery life could be better. The video mode drains the battery quickly. So one thing I always have to remind myself whenever I am about to go on a special event to charge the battery right before we go. Someone also mentioned that they didn't like how you could only charge the battery by taking out and not with a cord. To explain this, I think because it is a waterproof camera and to make it waterproof the exterior and interior have to be more simplified so that there are no extra gears and divots, etc where water could get into potentially. Lastly, the picture quality isn't the greatest at night (great during perfect lighting conditions) and sometimes the camera is slow. For these issues I was able to resolve them by adjusting how I take the pictures. I often suppress the flash so that it doesn't wash out the pictures and I try to anticipate the pictures. But these are all minor qualms compared to how much fun and use I have gotten out of the camera. Plus, it's so affordable! It's a good deal for the money spent. I have recommended this camera to numerous people who have been camera shopping. I would def upgrade to the new model if my dies but so far so good not one issue! '