ive had this camera for over a year now and have taken it with me almost everywhere.pros:1. waterproof, sand and dust proof and can survive drops.i have dropped this camera countless times the first time it fell the top left corner cracked alittle and the second time put a dent on the edge of the battery cover its covered in slight scratches but none on the lens or the back screen cause i have a screen protector on it. its still just as waterproof as before as well as dust proof and i really test the waterproofness of it whenever im in water. ive also burried it in dirt a few times  and it came out just fine. altho the lock for the battery cover and the hinge were full of dirt but continuous use of it will make it as good as new again in short time. i also ran over it a few times with a wagon full of dirt while it was recording and it didnt turn of. tho when struck hard enough it will stop filming for that brief second then continue2. picture quality is good for what i use it for.very good actually and if you use flash for night shots at close images its also very good. underwater shots are just as good depending on how clear the water is but then again in murky water it picks up more than my eyes can see.3. video quality.video quality is good and you can record up to 37 minutes and 39 seconds at a time. this is not the max but thats the timer it gives you each time you start recording. you can record as much as you want as long as you have enough memory.4. controls.the controls are very easy once you get used to them their big and easy to press while in the water5. sizethe size is super compact. and will fit in your pocket easily. and weighs next to nuthing. this is an ideal camera to take with you daily cause you wont even notice it there, well not unless your wearing super tight pants...now for the cons.1. battery life.battery life for the most part isnt to bad the battery will last u a decent amount of time if your only taking pictures. i got about 100+ at a car show before the battery died. then again i was filming as well. filming eats the battery really fast. luckily recharging it only takes about 2 hours and your good to go. you can also buy a second battery just in case. but sometimes maybe this is just me but the charger doesnt connect to the battery all the way sometimes and the light just blinks for hours.2. lanyard.for one its to short to wrap securely around your wrist and also hold the camera comfotably while in the water in case you mite drop it and its gone forever. plus its kind of thin and might break eventually. so i removed it and replaced it with a neck lanyard, works great.3. lcd screen.it's good but not great in low light images come up really grainy when the picture itself comes out just fine. thats the only problem i have4. zoom.the zoom is good but dont expect to get super close to far away objects (its only a 3x after all) but heres why for me its a con. you cannot zoom in and out while filming. you can zoom in or out before you press record but not while you are doing it. for me this sucks cause i use this mainly to record.5. video/picture transfer.not really a con but get annoying sometimes. pictures and videos are kept in the same folder. not really a biggy but when your trying to separate them sometimes u miss one or to and cant find it cause its in a different folder on you computer.overall this is a great camera that will survive just about any accidental drops into concrete or water. and if you feel like burying it go ahead. it can take that to.