After 5 years with a 5MP Olympus Camedia C-50 with the underwater housing, I decided it was time to upgrade.  We only used the underwater housing to protect the camera from the elements when we went sailing.  We used it a couple of times to go snorkeling, but it wasn't worth the bulkiness of the housing.So, that being said, I went looking for another camera that was waterproof--we could take it on the boat or for the occasional swim without buying an underwater housing.  The options were limited with the Pentax and the Olympus.  I went for the Olympus because we were happy with the old camera and still have a few xd cards.  I went for the 1030sw since it is the latest and greatest.  So far I am glad with my choice.In the box:  The camera, USB cable (not the same camera connection as the old one), audio/video cable, microSD converter (put the microSD card in to fit into the xd space), Olympus Master Software, battery, and wall plug-in charger (no more cord--although the manual says in some areas a cord is still used).  No xd-card is included.I took the camera right out of the box and started playing.  I took videos of my dog and plenty of pictures of him, too.  I loved it!  It is strange to me not to have an eye viewfinder, but I am getting used to it.  It is super easy to use and I had so much fun dropping it in a bowl of water to test it out and having it work!  I've ruined a camera before because it got wet, so this was the coolest feature!I bought the camera even though I knew it only took VGA video at 30fps for 10sec, which was a disappointment, but I figured I could live with it.  Well, after registering the camera a couple of days ago, I got an email this morning saying that an update to the firmware was available that would allow longer video at 30fps!  Yea!  I upgraded the firmware (through the provided software) and tried it out and it didn't work.  Then I re-read the email--an M+ or H xd card is required.  The older (or cheaper) M xd cards don't allow for the longer videos at 30fps.  So, I ran out and bought a 2GB M+ xd card and sure enough, I can take VGA videos at 30fps for as long as the card can hold.  That does away with that negative!Let's get down to the pros and cons:Pros:*small & lightweight,*takes nice pictures,*easy to change settings (a quick click on the "ok" button and you can change settings,*lots of available features on the camera itself (it even has a selection that will "guide" you for certain things),*nice big LCDCons:*the xd card--just about every other camera out there uses an SD card and computers don't have built-in xd reading capability,*it doesn't have a remote to take group photos--the c-50 did and I loved it because I didn't have to set the timer and run into the picture--I'm going to miss that,*it is easy to get your finger in front of the lens--I will have to learn to keep my fingers off to the side.It doesn't have all the features of an SLR, but hey, it isn't an SLR!  For a point and shoot, it does enough for me.  I have the SLR for the "big" projects and this is for the times when I don't want something bulky and want to take pictures.  I can't wait to take it on the boat or snorkeling!I highly recommend this camera for someone looking for a sturdy camera that is waterproof (not just all weather) and easy to carry around. Go for the M+ xd card for the video capability (I went for the 2GB).  I would also recommend protective covering for the LCD (I'm thinking about the silicone cover, too).  An extra battery is always nice, too, but it doesn't seem necessary so far--I've been playing with it for 3 days running around taking videos and pictures and it still shows a full battery even though I don't think I even charged the battery all the way when I first got it because I was so excited to play with the camera.