First off, this camera is awesome. Everyone's "pros" are all true. I won't cover all that since everyone else has.  I've owned this camera for a week and have taken about 300 shots.  I've owned many canon cameras (S45, SD400, SD600, S80, G10, XT, XTi, 50D).  I've taken it to a couple restaurants and to the LA Zoo.  The way I see it, if I'm paying top dollar, I want top quality.  $430.00 is pretty steep.  You can get great cameras for around $200-$250. For twice the price, I expect this camera to be a darn great camera.  This is why I'm nit picking.  Here's why I gave it 4 stars:BUILD QUALITYIt's just ok.  It's not that great.  I'm pretty sure a 4 foot drop means bye bye to your $430.00 investment.  It's mostly made out of plastic if not all plastic.  I've owned the G10 and the S80... talk about solid.  Canon made these cameras with a metal body, why not for the S90.  I'm sure the additional weight would have been negligible. A leather grip in the front would have been great too.  It would work well with the weird thumb slot in the back.The plastic behind the flash also makes a clicking sound when you press on it.  This has been a known issue.  Some have it, some don't.  Mine does.  I may exchange it but not sure.  Minor issue, but annoying.IMAGE QUALITYFor night shots and low light, it's awesome.  I shot in bright day light at the LA zoo on Auto and I felt like the images were overexposed.  I switched to "P" and underexposed the settings and the pictures came out better. The sensor may be too sensitive even at "Auto".  Hopefully this issue is resolved in the next firmware upgrade.Like most say, it's great in low light situations but I've found SOME shots to be noisy and grainy, even in well lit night situations when the camera is set on a tripod.  It was sharp, but noise was visible.  I would not enlarge those prints.FLASHThe flash pops up automatically and it's a bit freaky at first.  You just have to get used to it.  Canon should have just made it stationary like they usually do.  I don't see any reason why they needed it to pop up and down like that.  It's cool at first but it gets old fast.  My concern isn't me, it's more when you give it to the waiter / waitress at a restaurant and the flash pops up and startles him / her and drops your pricey S90.  Yikes.  Make sure you hand strangers the handstrap when they take pictures for you, just in case.I also wished it came with a hot shoe.  Sure it's top heavy and looks funny but the Panasonic LX3 has it.  Couldn't hurt.  One of my biggest complaits with P&S; camera's is the harsh effects of direct flashes.  They need to design a flash that can point up and bounce the flash to the ceiling for a softer pictures.  Doesn't take a genius to design something like that.Over all it's still a great camera.  These issues can be overlooked but this isn't perfect.  I think it's still the best point and shoot out there.  I hope this helps.