Canon A70 was the biggest hit since it hit the shelves.So everyone had high expectations about Canon A80. I think everyone should be more than satisfied with Canon's new model. If A70 was the best compact camera in it's class, then A80 is the best of the best. If you try the camera I am sure you will agree with me.I don't want to talk too much about the techical issues, you can read it on the official pages and on several digicam review sites.Let's talk about what made me return to Canon, may be it can help you decide if you are new to digital photography or just have a dc of another brand and cannot decide.I had the following cameras in order: Canon A40, S40, S400 then switched to Minolta F200 and finally returned to Canon A80.I would like to explain to you why I went from one to another and why I think that A80 is the best of all.First, I need an entry level quality digital camera at a low price, I got the A40. Then I would have liked more megapixels in a more compact metal body, I got the S40. Then I went for a subcompact light weight dc with brand new technology (DIGIC) and fast performance (S400). Then I realized that I miss manual controls and need sharper pictures and got a Minolta F200. Finally, realized that F200 has a very high battery consumption and an extremely high noise even at ISO100. I bought an A80 this week for several reasons: I saw some pics and used some cameras of differend types, and think that Canon is the BEST in the compact middle-range category. All the reviews and tests I've read about A70 was positive, so I had no doubt that A80 will be even better. One thing I was unsure about is the quality of the LCD on A80. S400 had sharper and darker LCD, but A80's is still better than average and I think satisfies most people. Don't bother with the resolution of the LCD if you read different numbers on web pages, it is nice and clear.The flip-out and twist LCD is a big advantage to others: not only you can use the LCD when shooting over people's head or on the floor, but the monitor can be easily protected from scratches. I can't explain how big this advantage is till you see and try it yourself. Good work Canon!If you know Canon digicams, then you know how fast are Canons. A80 is no exception, this is by far the fastest camera I used beside my S400. If it is up to Canon, you won't miss an important shot!And there are all the things you've already read about: 4MP,3x optical zoom, full manual control, AF-Assist lamp (great!) etc, etc. You know it! :)Some questions and answers:- Shall I upgrade from A70 to A80?My answer is: YES. The more megapixel and the new flip-out LCD worth that plus. Also, the construction adds more quality feel to it (there are more metal).- Shall I go for A80 if I have no digicam yet?If you can afford, definitely. But consider that A60 and A70 are also excellent machines when you are on budget.- Shall I change to Canon from a different 3-4-5 megapixel compact digicam?Definitely yes. May be some other cameras are better in some issues than Canon, but all in all Canon makes the best consumer cameras to date. Usability, image detail, low noise, faster than average performance are important things and A80 has it all at a very good price.One very important thing: don't let you fooled by the sharp pictures of Minolta and Fuji. They have a very high noise that are annoying. I tried to remove the noise with some photo editing software, but the result was a washed picture in all cases. Some say that Canon has no sharp pictures. This is true, the competition may be sharper...BUT! you can always add some unsharp mask with the right software and make Canon images look excellent. Unfortunately, you cannot do the opposite with those "sharp but high noise" cameras. Keep these in mind always!Another thing: chromatic abberration and blown highlights. Yes, it's there. Not always, but there. And it were there in my S400, S40, A40 and even my Minolta F200 images as well. It is there in almost every compact digital camera. This is NOT an issue, though some are complaining about it continiously. No camera is perfect and no will ever be.Decision is yours. Take it in hand and you'll never want to give it away! :)