This was my fourth digital Camera.  I had a 640x480 and a 1.3 before my trusty Olympus 35 mm died and I made the decision to cut my ties with the film developing house completely.My first attempt at a 3+ megapixel camera was actually a 2.5 megapixel Fuji number masquerading as a 4.7 megapixel camera.  Very compact, fairly nice, but I wanted the resolution that a 3 megapixel would give me.  So I returned the Fuji.I did a LOT of research - but a friend who owns the place I bought the camera at suggested that I not bother going to the C4040 because there wasn't enough gain in the extra megapixel to justify the price and extra storage;  That unless I was printing much larger than 8x10, it was going to be a waste of resolution.  I wanted the C3040, but he had no inventory and he talked me into the C3020.On the issue of resolution he was right.  However there are some nits:1. There is some minor edge convergence artifacting on high resolution shots.  Normal people might not notice.2. Unlighted and dark shots must be manually focussed.3. Movie mode without sound?  Come on!!!4. By now everyone has complained about the lens cap - it stays on when you want it to pop off (like when you turn the camera on) and it falls off when you want it to stay put.5. It would be nice if the software they provide with the camera would actually work with the camera!!!  They don't support the C3020 with Camedia 2.5 - why not?6. If you're doing anything extensive in underlighted environments the flash on this (and on ALL digital cameras I've seen) is somewhat anemic.  An external flash adapter wuold be nice.OK.  Not all is bad though.The 'My Settings' subsystem is very smiple to use and allows you to tailor the settings the way YOU want them to be so you don't have to wander through various menus getting thigs 'just right'.The user interface is quite intuitive and the camera is ergonomically correct when taking shots - though a bit on the clumsy side, shape-wise for storage - fits nicely into slightly baggy pant pockets though.The USB connection does work very well, so I can transfer a day's shooting to the server in a few minutes - but what's the point of the home grown software?I REALLY like the fact that it uses AA batteries.  I have 2 sets of 1800 ma batteries and if I've run out of power between charges I can always buy alkalines at ANY store - try doing that with a Canon!!!I get about 50 'average' shots to a set of batteries and about 80 high resolution shots to a 128 meg SM card.The Panorama feature is neat - I have a package that lets me set up non-Olympus memory with their panorama package (OK, so I've taken maybe 2 panorama pictures), but it is NEAT.Summary - It is a very good camera, but next time I go with my gut and wait for what I want - in this case it would have been the C3040 (or rather it will be the C6040,, because by then it will have become available).