31 DEC 04:  Let me preface this review with a little personal history.  I have been taking photographs for 53 years and ran a part-time wedding photography business for 24 years.  I fought the change to digital for years, but finally succumbed in 2002.  Since that time, I have never looked back.  The Digilux 2 is my sixth digital camera and I can honestly say it takes better photographs than any of my other cameras, including my Nikon D-100.  The Nikon is more flexible, with interchangable lenses, but the Leica is much more portable and intuitive.Some might complain that the camera is "only" a five megapixel unit.  But, there are megapixels and there are megapixels....not all are created equal.  The CCD on the Digilux 2 is very large, providing larger megapixels.  This solves a lot of problems currently being experienced by high-megapixel "pro-sumer" cameras and creates stunning photographs.Having used range-finders and other "analog" cameras for many years, the Leica is like an old friend.  There is no other digital camera on the market that is easier to use, when switching from "automatic" to manual or shutter/f-stop priority.  This camera is usable by everyone, from a beginner (just go "full auto", until you learn more about the camera's capabilities) to a professional.The Digilux 2 is built like a tank and will stand years of service and abuse.  The LCD is HUGE, as well as being the clearest and brightest I have ever seen.  It's usable even in bright sunlight.  The built-in straight or bounce flash capability is extremely useful.My only complaint is that Leica should have made the switch from "Autofocus" to "Autofocus-Macro" a little stiffer.  It's easy to move the switch and not be aware that you have done so (if you set the display to show the switch position, it is easy to check through the viewfinder before you take the shot).  With all the other things going for it, I will not let that minor thing keep me from giving the camera a full five stars.If you can afford it, the Digilux 2 will serve you well for many years.UPDATE (5 JAN 05):  Now that I have used this camera for a longer period of time, I would like to add some additional thoughts/information, based on that usage.  (1) Because of the weight, configuration, minimum shutter lag, and lack of "monkey motion" (flipping mirrors, etc.), it is extremely easy to hand-hold the Digilux 2 at low shutter speeds that would be impossible with digital SLRs or most other digital cameras.  Check out the sample photos on this site, many of them taken hand-held at 1/20th - 1/25th sec. (2) The depth-of-field is amazing, even at F-2.0.  (3) The "out-of-the-camera color is the best of any digital camera I have ever owned or used, including top-of-the-line SLRs.  (4) The custom white balance settings are quick, easy, and spot on.  (5) The tonal values, when the camera is set on B&W; are outstanding.  (6) Contrast is also outstanding.  BOTTOM LINE:  I am in love!.UPDATE 2 MAR 05:  Check out the two new photos I have added.  The landscape photo has been enlarged to 16 x 20 by a custom shop the level of detail is incredible (even the horses at the bottom right of the photo have amazing detail).  This camera has an OUTSTANDING lens/sensor combination.