This review is intended for amatuer photographers who want better image quality and higher versatility than a point and shoot camera.The Canon 7D is an absolute gem.  It is my first DSLR after owning a film SLR, then 3 point and shoot digital cameras over the last decade.  I purchased mine with the 28-135mm lens.  I would highly recommend buying the body itself, then finding a different lens to fit your needs.  Remember, this is a 1.6x crop factor camera, so 28mm is not wide angle at all.  The 18-135mm would probably be a better choice for a first inexpensive(relatively) walk around lens.After struggling to learn this camera for a few hundred shots, I finally was able to get some really nice photos.  Don't get discouraged, there is a definite learning curve here!  Portraits, and close up shots of pets, etc. are the 28-135mm lens's specialty.  My next priority was investing in a wider angle lens as soon as possible, as I love taking landscape shots.  So I purchased the Tokina 12-24mm lens as soon as I could afford it, and I was not disappointed.  It pairs with the 7D to take stunning landscape photos.After owning and enjoying the 7D and these two lenses for nearly a year, I couldn't help feeling that I wasn't using this spectacular camera to it's fullest potential.  So just recently, I purchased the Canon 300mm f/4L lens for taking wildlife and bird photos.  The difference in clarity, contrast, sharpness, and overall image quality from the other lenses is huge!  And the 8 frames per second is wonderful in action.  I can now see the potential of this wonderful camera, and it will only be realized with very expensive lenses.  I plan on selling my first two lenses, and investing in a wide angle L lens such as the 16-35mm or 17-40mm.  The good news is that camera lenses seem to hold their value very well as long as they are treated with care.Another invaluable accessory is a tripod, which will run about $150 to $1000 for a nice sturdy unit.  Forego plastic tripods, as you will be buying another one in the near future after it breaks.  You will probably soon want to invest in an external flash as well for much better low-light shots.  Look into Cokin filters for some really neat effects, and a good quality photo editing software is also a must.This is all just the beginning, as there are numerous other accessories that are all worthwhile, and will allow you to fully utilize your 7D.  I am hooked, and I fully believe that the satisfaction I get from taking professional quality pictures is worth evey penny.You can really take some great shots with a 7D and the kit lens, and I'm sure that many people are satisfied with that lens/camera combination.  But if you are thinking of buying this camera, chances are it will just not be enough for you.  Definitely look at buying this camera as a first step in a wonderful, fulfilling hobby that will have your friends and family amazed at your photos.  Plus, if you've ever wanted to have your own photography business, you now have a great deal of the tools to do so.