Why Purchased  . . . . My desktop computer's monitor is a 2+ year old wall-mounted 19" (16:10) Samsung 940MW with an NTSC TV tuner, speakers, and PIP built-in.  I like the monitor and its PIP function (not available in new monitors), but after the digital transition this summer its internal tuner received little.  Connecting it to a DVD recorder with an ATSC/QAM tuner fixed that, but I wanted more flexibility, DVR functionality, and the ability to move the tuner occasionally to a laptop.  The Hauppage 950Q seemed a good & relatively inexpensive solution.My Equipment . . . . Desktop = 64-bit quad 4 CPU, 4 MB RAM, 600 GB HD.  Laptop = 32-bit dual core CPU, 3 MB RAM, 160 GB HD w/15.4" screen.  OS = Vista Home Premium.  Cable Service = Comcast.Initial Setup . . . . With a cable splitter and a longer USB extension cord, I positioned the 950Q with enough space to let the tuner's heat dissipate, so the remote could easily see it, and so it's easily removable when I want to use it with my laptop.  Drivers and WinTV7 software installed seamlessly, and the "Digital QAM" channel-scan took about 15 minutes.  Similar process for the laptop, but just scanned for OTA ATSC channels using the included antenna.Configuration AFTER Setup . . . . The cable scan found around 180 unencrypted channels, seven of which were HD.  Each of the HD channels also had a differently numbered separate SD channel.  Comcast's 40-some music channels were included twice.  Channel names on everything were listed as "Unknown".  To make this more manageable, I used WinTV7's "Configuration" utility to delete redundant and not-my-taste music channels, to add channel names (NBC, CBS, CNN, ESPN, etc.), and to assign simple consecutive ID numbers for logical channel ordering and for the remote (1, 2, 3, 4 . . . 85, 86, etc).  Initial set-up and scan took only an hour or so.  Configuration was much more painful - took most of a rainy Sunday afternoon/evening.Experience and Satisfaction . . . . My monitor has 1400x900 dpi resolution and uses a DVI port for computer connection.  With this, HD channels are spectacular and SD channels are good.  Channel changes take a couple of seconds (acceptable), the DVR function is nice (30 minute buffer), and the recording scheduler works well (I save recordings as .mpg files).  The 950Q's remote is a convenience, and also operates basic functions in Windows Media Center.  OTA performance on my laptop with the included antenna ranges from very good to nothing, varying with its location.  I've had no problems with WinTV7 crashing.Bottom Line . . . . I'll rate it a 5 for picture quality and features AFTER setup, and a 3 for the pain of configuration during setup.  Overall a well-satisfied 4.  I can now window and watch CNN and a football game in the background while updating spreadsheets or correspondence without the need for space-eating separate monitors. Nice.  Total cost was $80, including splitter and USB extension cord.Concerns . . . . As others have mentioned, the 950Q does get very hot when operating - a factor that gives me some worry about its longevity.  But since it comes with a 2 year manufacturer's warranty, that worry may be unfounded.  Of less importance, the remote is sometimes temperamental, and its very small size makes it easily losable.