This is one nice looking camera with the best quality build I think I have EVER seen in a camera, really, it screams quality at you and if you plan to use this solely for photography and NOT for video, then I give it 5 stars.The quality of the photos to my (amateur) eyes are very good even in relatively low light, the zoom is excellent (for photography) and the proprietary battery seems to last for ever. Actually, I have been using it right out of the box without ever charging and it is still going strong!The setting are easy to access, and a breeze to adjust or just leave it in I/auto as I did for great results.The BadI am quite disappointed with the video capabilities (or LACK of them!) with no optical zoom available for HD video recording unless you switch off the sound! Birthday parties and sports events will never be the same without sound and it beats me why Olympus  would come out with such a stunning camera and leave out such an important feature!I also tried shooting video in VGA mode but still no optical zoom. The camera does allow you to use the digital zoom but it turns decent quality video into a horrible blur! (I could have lived with the digital zoom for my purposes if it had worked better)Also worth a mention is the auto focus on video recording which is very slow, too slow for me.The Pro'sReally excellent quality build, this camera will last for years!!! (if you don't end up returning it)Excellent 30x optical zoom capabilityGreat looking design, compact and lightLong battery life, I still have not charge the battery yet and have taken 100 photos and 20 minutes of video.Nice LCD screenExcellent quality photos (well,to my eyes, everyone will have their own opinion)Many nice features that should satisfy most folks.2 gig built in memoryThe badNo zoom capability when recording video with soundSlow auto-focus when shooting video (too slow for me)No HDMI cable included (seems to be standard with most camera makers)The "magic" settings, are just a cheap gimmick and not worth bothering with.On the Olympus web-site, the spec's for the camera include 1080i HD video, it DOES NOT have this feature!As you can see, there are a lot of pluses with this camera and one big minus, and because I planned to use this for wildlife photography where the zoom will come in handy; as well as to record video of birthday parties and some soccer games the lack of zoom capability is hard to swallow.I was aware that the camera may have a zoom issue but the digital zoom would have been suffice it would have worked better. The auto focus on the zoom is also slow.I have also ordered the FUJI HS10 and will receive it this week. I will be doing a comparison of these two cameras and decide then which to keep!Bottom line is this is a five star camera if you plan use it for photography ONLY and a great buy for the money. However, if you also need it for video, I don't recommend it!