This camera produced some beautiful pictures for me...but then it broke after less than two weeks of heavy use.  So it gets three stars.Despite it's early demise, this camera and I took about 600 pictures at different settings and got to know each other quite well.Dislikes:- Bulky and heavy.  There is no way to comfortable carry this camera around and still have it readily available, unless you hang a case around your neck or on you belt.  Compared to other digital cameras, this puppy is huge!- No decent dynamic range compensation.  If you're background is very bright, don't try to take pictures of dark subjects.  Also, I found it impossible to take good pictures of people wearing baseball-style hats in bright sunlight, because the camera either the face was too shadowed to recognize or the highlights were completely blown out.- In program mode, the camera always defaults back to the 'center averaged' exposure control setting, which sucked when taking high-contrast photos.  Using 'spot metering' was the only way I could get acceptable shots of people and bright backgrounds.- No zoom during video.  I've owned other a-series before, and this has always been an annoyance.  I was able to take some good video of a helicopter as it landed, but it took about six tries.  Also, camera shake is pretty bad during the video without having some kind of object to stabalize your hand on.- No wide angle lens.  Really missed this during group shots.- Durability.  After less than a month of ownership, the camera simply froze.  I couldn't get the screen to turn on or the lens to retract.  This is the second time a canon has done this to me, and the last time I will be buying one for the foreseeable future.  To be fair, it did experience some hot and dusty conditions, but my Panasonic has been through similar conditions and three years later still works just fine.Likes:- At its best, this camera took pictures to rival a DSLR.  Seriously, I took pictures alongside another person with a Canon Rebel, and our pictures came out very similar.  We even switched cameras for a bit and the only real improvement I noticed was the almost instantaneous focusing speed of the rebel.  Reviewing the images, I also noticed that the rebel produced a very nice background blur for portrait shots, while the background remained sharp for the A120IS.  But at a $800 price difference, I was very happy with my camera.  Also, its smaller size meant that I caught more spontaneous shots than her because I could carry my camera with me everywhere.- AA batteries.  I spent two weeks with no electricity and never had to worry.  This camera ate a set of batteries every day and a half, but I brought about a million AA's so it wasn't a problem.  It also accounts for most of the bulk of the camera, but it was worth it to be able to take as many pictures as I wanted.- Fast.  From sitting in my helmet on the ground, to taking a very nice picture of a fire truck speeding by was just a few seconds.  I never missed a shot because the camera wasn't fast enough.- Long zoom.  With the lens fully extended, this camera picked up on slightly more details than I could see with my naked eye.  There was also no distortion at all.- Decent low-light photography.  This camera had a hard time with multiple fast-moving subjects under florescent lights, but that is very forgivable.  Otherwise, it performed relatively well in dim lighting conditions.Overall, I was very happy with this camera.  For a very low price, it took some gorgeous pictures.  It's definitely fighting above it's weight class.  Yes, you make some trade offs, but if you're looking for something cheap, AA battery powered that still takes good pictures, I would highly recommend this camera to you.I would say this camera's ideal use is as a back-up camera or as a vacation camera.  Just don't expect it to last.