I bought this camera as a secondary camera to take on vacation to Hawaii, basically I wanted a camera that could withstand the water and beach so I didn't have to risk damage to my main camera and also to take underwater snorkeling.Initially I was impressed with the camera, the ergonomics were good, size was right and the texture of the body seemed like it would be easy to grip wet. I also liked the buttons on the back, large and like a cell-phone touchpad, again, seemed much easier to use in the water. I was not excited to give up a viewfinder but it seems that they are a relic of the past in the point and shoot world; too bad. I liked the camera enough to buy it. I bought it with enough time to try it out before traveling, I'm glad  did.I took the camera on a day trip to the west side of Michigan on a cloudy and sprinkling afternoon. Right away one aspect of the camera began to mildly frustrate me, the shutter release button. The button is very stiff, so much so that I was constantly worried that pressing the button with enough force to actually take the picture would cause the image to be blurry. I suppose it may be good to prevent mistaken images but I found it frustrating. Another issue with the camera is that the lens is covered by glass however the glass is only slightly recessed from the front of the camera meaning that the glass is highly prone to smudges and fingerprints, annoying, much worse that other cameras. While using it I felt like I got the hang of it and didn't panic when a wave came crashing in, soaking me and the camera. I was starting to overlook the shutter button and the lens smudging issues;UntilWhen I got home I loaded the images into Photoshop Elements and right away noticed that the images were quite washed out, not a lot of contrast and exposures were definitely off. No matter, I went to work editing but immediately noticed that the corners of the images were extremely blurry, and quite a bit darker, almost like a circular soft focus filter was in place, not what I was hoping for. I then started to look more closely at the images and it wasn't just the corners that were distorted, objects in the image were surrounded with blue lines! Yes, it was like each object in the image had been traced with a thin neon blue pen! At first I thought this was on just pictures taken in lower light but then realized that it was in all the pictures in varying degrees; this combined with the out of focus corners and poor exposure were only made worse by visible graininess across any image where the zoom was at its full length. Basically, despite some compositions that I really liked, every picture is unsuitable for printing.Sure, if I want to only look at the pictures as thumb nails or very small, definitely not larger than 2"x3" then the images could almost be considered passable, anything larger, say your normal 4"x6" print, yo will be greatly disappointed! Needless to say the camera was boxed up and returned for an exchange, now I've got an Olympus that I'm going to try out and see, my expectations are low, but I'm hoping just the same. I'm just glad I found out now rather than after my vacation.Bottom line is this; this is without a doubt an awful camera. I am shocked that Fuji would actually sell this camera, my first digital point and soot (bought in 2000 with 4 megapixels) takes better pictures than this. Seriously, Fuji should be ashamed, this from a long fan of their film, do not buy this camera!