I purchased this camera at the end of 2011, as a present to myself.  I also purchased an 8GB Class 10 SDHC card by Transcend for $10, along with a cheap but adequate case for $7.95 or so (all through Amazon).  Over the past decade, I've owned several point-n-shoot cameras (including two prior Lumix).  I also own a full-blown Olympus digital SLR with interchangeable lenses.  I must say... this (DMC-ZS9) is the best Lumix yet, and so very affordable!I am now carrying this camera in the glove box of my car, so I can take those pictures I've always wanted to, but didn't have my SLR handy.  The camera has enough automation to make picture taking quick and painless, while still allowing full manual override for those times when I want to compose something special (without needing my SLR!).The anti-shake works well, especially when using the telephoto mode to capture far away shots.  In fact, the zoom is amazing on this little wonder... and while I don't care much for digital zoom (or the inherent artifacts), the true optical zoom is great... and the digital boost is very handy when I need incredible close-ups of distant objects.The intelligent auto-everything mode works really well, even in outdoor conditions.  The quick keys help me turn the flash completely off when I want to, without having to dig through the main menu system to do so.  This camera, on a tripod, can take amazing low-light shots indoors.  With flash, shots are flat and faces shiny (due to the oils in a face that hasn't been prepped by a makeup artist) - as expected. Turn off that flash, set the self timer, and take a picture that way - incredible!As expected, low light level performance is dismal (the aperture is pretty small - after all, this is a compact camera with lots of zoom).  But, with some natural bounce light from windows and room lighting, some incredible pictures can be had by turning the flash off and using the auto-timer to avoid shaking the camera when pressing the shutter button.  Buy a cheap tripod (or monopod if you don't plan on being in the pictures)... it's be well worth it.Battery life on this camera is excellent... several hundred pictures, and by not using flash, you extend its life even further.  An 8GB SDHC card can hold approximately 1,400 pictures or so... easily a week's vacation, unless you simply don't know how to frame and take pictures correctly.  Oh, speaking of that, this camera even features the classic auto-bracketing; when activated, it will take three pictures for every one click of the button, the first a little under-exposed, the next "normal" and the last over-exposed... so you can choose from the best of the three when dealing with tricky lighting conditions.Another thing I really like about this camera is the auto-focus... unlike previous compact cameras, it's FAST... even the "boot up" time is fast - you can turn the camera on and be shooting in under two seconds.  That used to be the bane of my existence - having to wait 6 to 10 seconds for my prior Lumix to boot, and several seconds for it to auto-focus.  Well, this one isn't like that - this one is a joy to own and operate!I've taken indoor pictures, as well as pictures of my snowshoeing trip.  All have been excellent (turned flash off for indoor pics), and color rendition has been quite good.  Of course, I use Picasa to adjust and fine-tune the fruits of my efforts prior to displaying them.  I'm considering selling my SLR, and just living with the ZS9... as there's simply no point in my owning an SLR anymore.  A good photographer can produce incredible images with any camera that can be manually controlled.  The ZS9, however, does a great job even when thinking for itself.