Hi,I Desgin Web sites and do graphic design for a living. For the past few years, I have been using my high resolution scanner to get film images onto my computer and then upload them to my web server. But within the last month I have been using Canon's Powershot A70 to reduce work time.But I did not only purchase the Dig Camera for Web site building...(seeing as how you probably don't need anything more than 2.0 Mega Pixels for viewing images on a computer only). But since our old SLR camera broke (dropped it and never worked since), I wanted something to get good prints as well.Well, judging by the reviews, I figured I shouldn't write something without doing my homework as well. Also, I didn't want to write this after using the camera for one day. So I gave myself quite some time to play with it to give this review more detail. I would love to make a PRO vs. CON list, but to be quite honest, I haven't found any CONS.So, For the Features this camera has, the quality of the name and the lens, and the price you pay, you couldn't find a better camera anywhere.It has a great 3.0 Optical zoom, with a combined digital zoom, you can get up to 10X focus.It's the perfect point and shoot, but doesn't limit itself to beginners only as it has several (12) shooting modes...plus a manual mode where you can change the shutter speeds and aperature level.With the movie mode (which includes sound) you can choose three levels, which also includes the 640x400 AGP mode. I recommend trying out that setting and burning your videos on a CD and watching them on your DVD player. (pretty cool)The Digital zoom is hardly noticeable at all when I used the "Super Fine" setting....and that was at Max zoom.It has an easy to use panorama function where you can take 360 degree panorama shots. It also has a fairly simple stitch program in the software bundle to automatically put together your panorama shots into one using artificial intelligence...bla bla bla stuff.I agree that the 16M FC is barely sufficient if you want to take plenty of pictures. I would also recommend getting a card between 128 - 512...just as a suggestion...but that has nothing to do with the camera itself. Other than that, The camera is perfect, the quality of canon images are awesome, and battery life lasts quite a sufficient amount of time. Although I will always recommend that you get rechargables, not because the camera sucks up the juice (because it doesn't), but rechargable batteries are better for the environment. To give you an idea of how long the batteries last, I used the camera for about three straight days of constant picture shooting, movie making and lots of uploading to the computer. Overall I took about 600 shots (with a variety of different quality), and about 12 minutes messing around in moving mode...and the batteries finally started to give...so, battery life is exceptional.and that's about all I have to say