I've had my S200 for three weeks now, and just had to post and let others know this is a great camera. This is my first digital camera, and after much research, I'm pleased to think I got exactly what I needed.Pros:- Sturdy! Portable! I work at a summer camp and wanted a camera I could take around with me and not worry about. I've already dropped this camera several times (pretty hefty drop once) but the metal casing is sturdy enough to take abuse. As always, be careful, but you won't have to worry about breaking this camera. You also won't have to worry about lugging a huge camera around and having to set it down everywhere. Shorts, swimsuit, whatever - it'll fit in your pocket.- Print Quality: I got my first ofoto.com order the other week and the pictures look GREAT. I was worried that 2 mpxls wouldn't be enough, but even the 8x10 I ordered came out fine. Make sure you have a large memory card (I have a 128 mb one) and take pictures on the best possible setting.- Good battery life: I've seen some bad ratings on this, but don't know why. I take lots of pictures and always use the LCD screen. With that usage, my battery lasts from about 7:30 in the morning until 11:00 at night. I just come home and charge it each night. If you turn the LCD screen off (and the camera off when you're not using it) it will last longer - I've used it for two days straight before charging it. Extra batteries are relatively inexpensive, so get one if you can, but you can always get one later and still enjoy your camera.Cons:- No case. You really need a case. I've gone caseless for three weeks now and there is a lot of lint inside my viewfinder (but no other problems). The Canon paperwork is a little confusing about which case is designed for the s200 (get a case designed for it - it's too small to fit anything but a made-to-order case), but check powershot.com to find out which one to order. It's a cheap way to protect your camera for a long time. Buy it online, too - I'm having a hard time finding a case in a store.- ZoombrowserEX. The software program that comes with the camera to organize your pictures and take them off the camera is not designed well. Windows don't pop up right, and it's easy to permanently delete some of your pictures (no recycle bin).- Slow. With the red eye reduction flash setting, it takes _forever_ to actually take a picture. Even the autoflash function is still slow. With plenty of light there's no problem, but the flashes tend to be a little slow (although, if you prefocus, there's not as much of a wait). Don't buy this for sports photography.-Uploading old images. I've had problems with taking pictures off my SimpleTech card and then putting them back on. Half the time the pictures are squished or streched, especially portraits. I'm not sure who's at fault for that, Canon or SimpleTech, but it makes it annoying when you want to share images with your flash card.Overall an excellent camera. I'm very excited about it and would recommend it to anyone who wants portability and great pictures. I picked the s200 over the s330 because of size (the s330 looks a lot bigger). None of the extra features on the s330 made up for the size difference.I tried to cover all the bases here. Hope this review from an amateur photographer helps.