Bought this camera for my shutterbug mother for Christmas. Her previous cameras were all Elphs.Mom is 61, she's not a pro, but does take some of the best photos in the family, despite using pocket point and shoots until getting this camera as a gift. She doesn't really care about the finer nuances of photography (such as controlling shutter speed and aperture) but she does know a bit about the basics. Out of the box, we had her taking some photos on Christmas Eve of our relatives and she was immediately impressed with the quality and ease of use, but she kept her Elph 850 handy so as not to rely 100% on a camera that she wasn't familiar with.Once she downloaded the photos from both cameras, the joy that I was hoping to bring her with the gift was evident on her face.I helped her get to know some of the basic features and the built in picture modes; those are most likely what she will be using. I also popped my 580EXII on the top and let her use if for a few bounce shots.  While she really doesn't have any interest in carrying around an additional flash, she was impressed enough with the quality to consider it.Here are some of the reasons I selected this camera for mom:+ better quality optics than a pocket point and shoot (such as the elph series) - mom said she wanted a camera that could take better quality pictures+ easy to use; I had hoped it would be, and it was - I should add, that mom has been using Canon pocket cameras for some time, so this may have helped make the transition smoother in her case+ flip out screen+ hot shoe for external flash+ movies in .mov formatOn that last point, I was also considering the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ35, but when comparing it to the Canon, I was afraid that the movie mode would frustrate her. The Canon records .mov format which will effortlessly be downloaded to iMovie on her Mac without any other software to fool around with.I am a more advanced photographer (shooting with DSLRs for the past 5 years; experienced with event photography and studio) and here are a couple of things I wasn't crazy about:+ I don't like electronic view finders - although this doesn't seem to bother mom. She was glad to have the option to use the LCD or the viewfinder+ in full auto mode, the camera didn't seem to use the flash when you would expect (hope) that it would. We noticed this taking photos indoors of our family opening gifts. A brief tutorial with mom about the other picture modes fixed that: she used indoor party for the rest of the evening and it worked great+ doesn't shoot RAW - this is a complete NON ISSUE for my mother, but I would have liked a camera such as this to have a RAW optionIn the end, I like this camera a lot and mom likes it even more.I think it is perfect for someone who wants better quality than a pocket point and shoot, but isn't interested in getting involved with SLRs and all the expense, gear, and learning that goes along with them.