I use this camera extensively for field work, and I work for an engineering company.  I travel a lot so I lug this beast through airports and rental cars -- I would not do that if it wasn't worth it!This is the Swiss army knife of cameras.  Over the years I've owned it I've added the remote commander (release cable), a pocket tripod, external flash, and macro lense.  Also an extra battery (I sometimes shoot for hours in the field and take hundreds of photographs, so an extra battery is handy.)  But all this stuff (including the charger & manual) fits into a regular-sized SLR camera bag, so essentially I have a full studio in one little camera bag.  I've used the movie mode to shoot digital video of street conditions and traffic operations (I strapped it to a bicycle once to record bike commuting conditions) in addition to the still mode.  The camera works great for portaits, landscape shoots, long exposures, indoor photos of public meetings -- you name it, the camera can do it. Enlargements from 8 MP are better than anything I've ever gotten with 35 mm and I put them right up there with photos from my Rolleiflex medium format camera (I've had them both done for comparison, and they both looked great -- different from each other, but great.)Downsides?  Well, it is heavy, but I've tried using the tiny cameras as well and they just don't cut it for me.  I'm too spoiled by the infinite possiblities of this camera.Purple fringing -- not an issue.  I've seen it a few times, but it's never of any consequence.  I've also seen it on 35mm slr pictures -- I think it's an artifact of particular lighting conditions with particular lense settings.  Big whoop.High ISO Noise:  I only go above 100 ISO if I absolutely have to, and if I have to go above 200 ISO, I reset to 64 ISO and just use the flash.  The 400 and 800 ISO settings are about useless in my experience -- there is tons of noise.  You can clean the noise up, but when the noise to picture ratio is so high, I find that the cleaned pictures have a definite "soft" look to them.  That's going to be good occasionally, but not generally.  For very low-light situations without a flash, I prefer to revert to 400 ISO film.  This is the major shortcoming of this camera, in my opinion.Durability -- let's talk.  I've had the camera sent off for repair once, after about two years of very heavy use (including getting dumped out of a bag into the sand while working in a Katrina rebuild job, and being strapped to a bicycle :-)  The mode dial switch on top got squirrelly, and two screws worked loose and disappeared out of the lense barrel.  So I bought a slightly larger bag (to keep the mode dial from getting bumped in the bag), I routinely check the tension on the barrel screws (they get loose occasionally) and I'm more careful about where I leave the camera.  I consider the camera very resilient for the type of conditions I put it through.  Will it last 50 years like my Rolleiflex?  I doubt it.  Will it last longer than other digicams?  It's already outlived two of my wife's Nikons.  I think it's going to be around a while. I would not be surprised if the camera outlived the digital storage media available for it.What I love about it:  I love the completely silent operation -- great for candids and taking pictures during public meetings, photos at family events, etc.The rotating back is great for the same reason -- you can shoot and no one even realizes you're doing it.  I've really come to love waist level shooting.Complete manual control -- let's me do everything I can do with my K1000 (except for infinite bulb control.)Infrared mode -- produces neat infrared photos with a filter, that in turn make cool B&W; pictures.And the lense -- what's not to like about a HUGE Zeiss lens?  Manual zoom control -- yes, the only way, feels like a real camera and not a toy. And no annoying "whirrr" when I zoom in and out.I could go on, but those are my favorites.  This camera is as big as a horse, as far as digital cameras go, but it's a work horse, and it definitely pulls its weight.  Not a camera for the faint-of-heart, but an excellent do-it-all digicam.