Just got the Cyber-Shot DSC-P31 from my wife for our anniversary. I was really excited with the present until I started using it. I took about 100 pictures mainly outdoors and when I was ready to upload the pictures to my Dell P4 computer running on Win2k Pro, the nightmare began.I followed the very basic instruction manual and installed the USB driver in order to upload the pictures. With any standard driver installation, InstallShield asked if I would like to restart the computer so the driver will work, I clicked restart and after the startup sequence Win2k Pro arrived at the desktop and immediately I got 3 error messages with Explorer.exe. I shut down the system and restarted again and right away got the same error messages. I restarted the computer once more and this time it gave me different error messsages about memory allocation error and svchost.exe error, sysfader error, csc notifications error. Also at this time I noticed that the regular icons in my Task Tray at the lower right corner (drivers for my printer and Palm)  failed to load on start-up. Throughout the day I tried everything from uninstalling the driver to booting in Safe Mode to no avail. I called SONY's absolutely useless tech support and the guy was absolutely clueless and simply pointed me to SONY's even more useless support website. This tech support guy then told me that the latest driver is on the support site and download that and everything will be fine. I went to the site and downloaded the driver and then did a properties check and found the "latest driver" to be about two years old and the driver was created for the older SONY cameras!I continued to try to fix my computer on my own with help from my brother who is a computer systems engineer and he tried everything and nothing worked. As the day went by my computer just became more and more unstable with truly scary and strange error messages. I called SONY again and got this tech support gal and this woman was rude and obnoxious. Before I even finished describing my problems she cut me off and said it is not SONY's problem and it is my computer's fault. I told her I have used computers all my life and installed many drivers and this lousy SONY driver is the only driver that ever created havoc with my computer. She became very rude and told me that it is not her problem and not SONY's problem. She said that as long as I am not an owner of a SONY VAIO computer with this camera she is not going to help me. I asked are there documented cases with SONY's support group regarding Cyber-Shot driver issues with Win2k Pro, she of course denied that there is no such thing, what a flat out lie. After I hung up the phone with this useless SONY tech dope, I used my Macintosh to surf the Web and found hundreds of message board psotings on the horrors of the Cyber-Shot USB driver....I ended up calling Dell and Dell's awesome tech support walked me through many more elaborate diagnostic routines. After an exausting 2 days calling non-stop to Dell's tech support and Dell's tech support finally threw their hands up and gave up (this includes Dell advanced support for Win2k). The only solution was to reformat my 60 Gig HD and reinstall Win2k from scratch to get rid of all the residual pieces of [junk] that the SONY driver had installed on to my system and causing havoc.So before you buy this camera, please consider the consequences I suffered by a lousy 20 second SONY USB driver install that led to two full days of horror and no support from SONY. I am so appalled that SONY shipped such lousy driver and on top of that such [junky] and useless tech support to boot!Buyers beware!