Before buying this camera (my first digital camera), I consulted with my friends who have been using various digital cameras for months, if not years.  I hesitated on buying Digimax 240 due to horrible comments made by the Amazon.com folks below.  Also, I saw how much people raved about Canon A40 in Amazon.com.  So I was strongly leaning toward buying a Canon A40 which also has 2.0 M Pixels.  Then, I decided to take a chance after seeing sample photos taken by Digimax 240 from the potential sellers who took time to share their photos with me.  (My sample photos from Digimax 240:  [...])  In the end, I was able to pay less than half of what Canon A40 would have cost.2-M Pixles from Digimax 240 is more than sufficient for photo sizes of 4 X 6 or 5 X 7 as it gives superb photo quality & sharpness.  I find that it is good enough for larger photo sizes as well when the best performance settings are chosen when taking shots.I see that a lot of people complained about the short battery life. But I conclude the reason is that Digimax 240 operates on 2 AA batteries whereas most other 2 MP digital cameras need 4 AA batteries.  It is a trade-off because 2 AA batteries give you shorter life, but 4-battery-operated cameras look and feel funny (also bulky and heavier) because they have to house 4 AA batteries.  Digimax 240 has an attractive shape without any funny contour since it only houses two AA batteries - makes it easier to pack and carry.  Also, see my comment on rechargeable batteries at the bottom.Here are good and bad of my Digimax 240.Very good:  Excellent photo quality, sharpness  /  Ergonomics & easiness of camera operation  /  Easy to follow manual  /  Light weight-wise  /  Comes with a quality pouch  /  Solid construction  /  Easy software installation / Different settings for different weather situation - cloudy, sunny, sunset and more / Different settings for fineness and sharpness - 1200 X 1600, 600 X 800 and more.  This allows you to control the size of the file - sometimes you don't want the photo to be too big in file size.  / Automatically (but also manually) able to change the level of light exposure (separate feature from the aforementioned weather settings) - this helps you to get quality photos in darker and brighter environment.  Usually the camera will automatically adjust the settings according to different environment, but you can do it manually as well, over-riding the automatic settings.  Being able to manually adjust the weather and light exposure really made improvement in my photo outputs in extreme conditions.Good:  Flash reload time  /  Flash power - could be stronger as the flash recommended range in dark indoor space is about 8 feet.  But then, this is what the photo-editors are for.  Also, talking to and seeing photos from many friends with fancy digital cameras, I found out that shooting, focusing and getting quality photo product in darker environment is a challenge for any digital camera.  In other words, conventional film camera is still the way to go for photos in darker settings.Bad:  Fairly short battery life - but my friends with other digital camera brands told me that they can't really use theirs without rechargeable batteries and AC adaptor...  Besides, the manual strongly recommends using AC adaptor when connecting to PC, where the batteries really get used up.  I recommend NiMH type rechargeable batteries and an AC adaptor - I bought them and they work very well.  With the first two AA size rechargeable batteries I have shot close to 100 shots with flash and I still didn't have to recharge the batteries.