I resisted "going digital" until now, but my wife got me a D80 for Christmas.  I've worked in photography but for many years it has been a hobby (which I prefer), and I've owned Nikon F2, F3HP, Bronica 6x6, and various 4x5 view cameras.  One thing I've always struggled with in using the highly convenient 35mm SLR format is enlargement capability with such small format images.  Once you've used 4x5 it's hard to settle for the graininess and low resolution of most 35mm films (Kodachrome excepted).  But the 10 megapixel D80 may finally solve this for me.The D80 + 18-135mm ED lens is an amazing package, and I salute Nikon for offering the new digital SLR this way.  The capabilities of the D80 with this lens are impressive--and far beyond my rudimentary digital knowledge at this point.  But learning how it all works is going to be a whole heck of a lot of fun.Most of my reluctance over "going digital" evaporated the first time I plugged the D80's USB cord into my computer and watched the images I'd just taken load automatically into Adobe Photoshop Elements.  Literally a few moments later I watched a beautiful slide show of my images--with music to boot--play across the computer screen with incredible clarity and resolution.  Wistful memories of Kodachrome?  Well yes, but I think I'll get over them with this camera.One worry I had as an eyeglass wearer was whether the D80's viewfinder and eyepiece would allow me to see the entire image plus the exposure info while shooting---other digital SLRs I've tried were problematic in this.  But I find the view through the D80 eyepiece is nearly as good as my F3 High Eyepoint body.  This is significant and telling to me, since the D80 is decidedly an amateur camera while the F3 was Nikon's flagship pro SLR in its day.Criticisms: not many at this point.  The camera feels too light to me, but I'm used to the F3/MD3 motor drive combo, which most photographers today would think a punishment to carry and use.  I'm inclined to say that the array of options in programming, exposure adjustment, autofocus, etc. is dizzying to me, and I'm not sure how much of it is really necessary.  But, again, I think it will be fun playing with all the obscure settings.An amazing machine, highly recommended--even for old guys like me.******************Update:  After using the D80 for a month I just purchased the MB-D80 battery pack for it, and my reaction to using this combination is that the basic camera doesn't feel complete to me without the vertical grip and the extension of the standard grip that the battery pack provides.  Granted the MB-D80 adds quite a bit of bulk to the camera, but being used to motor driven F3s and F2s it still feels quite trim and light to me.  It also makes the D80 more like my F3/MD3 in that I can use AA batteries in an emergency.  Great accessory for a very nice camera.