Accepting the obvious limitations that one gets in a point an shoot camera, the Sony HX7V is really an excellent example.  I own a couple of Nikon DSLR cameras (D700 and D300), but they are large and bulky for every day carrying around, traveling on my motorcycle, etc. So I like having  a point and shoot model as a 3rd option. I have always had a point and shoot of some sort, my last being a Canon SD890 IS, which I purchased after returning a Sony and Nikon model. NO, I am NOT a Sony employee (as another reviewing  wrongly accused everyone who leaves a positive review of being).  I have actually had very mixed results with Sony products over the years, some big disappointments, and was very tentative about this purchase.I originally purchased a Nikon S9100. The pictures from the Nikon model seemed soft, whites and highlights in backlit photos easily blew out leaving no detail in some areas. Focus when zoomed out was painfully slow and often locked when focus wasn't optimal, resulting in a blurry photo. Image Stabilization was very noisy, a constant buzzy/whine.  I took me about half a day of shooting to decide I *really* didn't like the S9100. I was really disappointed, obviously I like Nikon and was really hoping they had stepped up their game in the point an shoot camera genre, they haven't.Next, I traded for a Panasonic Lumix ZS-10. I found the Panasonic to be very blocky (water color), even at low ISO and unacceptable at higher ISO. Lots of noise at ISO 400 and higher.I returned that and swapped it for the HX7V.  I was kind of frustrated and disappointed at that point. I was on camera number 3 (again), when trying to find a decent point and shoot, and the Sony only had a 10X optical zoom, while both the S9100 and ZS-10 both had farther reaching 16X.  It didn't take long for me to get past that shortcoming. The HX7V takes some really nice photos for a point and shoot camera, far surpassing the S9100, the ZS-10 and my previous SD890 IS.  Are they on the level with my D700 or D300? Of course not, but we are talking about a sub-$300 point and shoot, not a DSLR. The SB-700 flash for my DSLR's cost more than this camera, so who could expect it to be on par?For a point and shoot camera the HX7V is well designed. The menus are well laid out, the controls easy to find and use. The modes give a decent explanation of what each will do. The two auto modes, Intelligent and Superior, will take a good quality photo in most situations, but Sony did include a number of scene modes to allow you to over-ride the auto settings, as well as Program Auto and Manual for some more advanced user selected settings.  The camera seems to hold highlights well, color rendition and contrast is good. I find as with most point and shoot cameras, the images tend to be a little soft and can benefit from some sharpening, but that seems to be typical for the genre.  They really tend to be aimed at the consumer market where people generally want to do minimal, if any, post processing on the photos. Most simply want to be able to snap the photos and print, email or post the photos. The HX7V is well geared toward that. If folks wanted more, they would purchase a DSLR.  Build quality seems decent, on par, if not better than most in the price range. The rubberized grip on the right hand side is a nice touch, and makes holding on to the camera easier than many I have had. It lacks the titanium body and weather proof aspects of one of my previous point and shoots, and no doubt won't survive a "drop test" as well as that one did, but it takes far better images. There are always trade-offs in trying to maintain a price point. The biggest knock I have with the HX7V is probably the GPS feature.  While a nice idea, it is very slow and tends to eat up battery power.  I have to admit, I am likely spoiled by the GPS unit I have for my D700, but again that unit was half the price of this camera, so I am likely over reaching expectations.Long story short, for a point and shoot camera, the HX7V is an excellent example and I think most folks who are in the market for a compact, light weight, sub-$300 travel camera, that will take a good quality photo, will be pleased with it.  I definitely recommend it.