I had priced different point and shoot digital camera's for quite some time. I knew that I couldn't afford to go into to the SLR world, the lenses are just too expensive, so I looked and waited for a point and shoot that was within my price range, but also offered the features I needed. The very powerful zoom lens on the optical side was the main focal point for my buying decision, but even when in the digital side (including using the digital teleconverter) you can take some AMAZING pictures. The Macro and Super Macro settings are FANTASTIC for taking very close up shots. The flash is powerful enough on it's own, and you have the option to adding a dedicated speedlite flash to it's hotshoe, which is a nice feature. The fact that it takes regular AA batteries, or even better yet rechargeable Nimh batteries, allows you not to worry about replacing a special brand specific battery, which I really like. The fact that it only takes 4 batteries and it can last so long without having to change them out is amazing. And I have taken loads of pictures since buying this wonderful camera.Just picking it up, gives you the impression that it is built well, because it is relatively heavy. It can focus and take a picture pretty quickly, and you don't have a tremendous amount of lag time by the time you press the shutter button and the camera actually taking the picture.The camera is designed so that it is easy to understand how to change from one function to another. You can have it in the totally idiot proof "program" mode, or you can go ahead and go manual and get creative, trying different settings....i.e. shutter speeds, F stop settings, ISO speeds, ect..ect...The Video camera portion of the camera is pretty neat......I haven't used it much, because I enjoy taking pictures more than taking movie shots, but it does a nice job, and with a 8mb SD card (another thing that is nice.....it takes standard SD cards) you can take a TON of pictures before having to erase them, and it gives you plenty of time to take movies as well.Your creativity with this camera is pretty much endless, which I really like. The only thing I haven't figured out very well yet, is how to create depth of field shots.....that is tricky with this camera, but I'm sure with time I'll get better as I figure how to handle it a little better. This is my first real digital camera (I have always used film camera's, and I had one small little digital camera, that had very basic functions) but I have read a lot of reviews on this camera, and everything that people have said about this camera are correct and to the point.The only one drawback that has nothing to do with the camera is that Canon forces you to download the entire Owner's manual on to your computer instead of putting it into the instruction book. It's not a big deal, but for the money you are paying, you think they could give you a hard copy of the whole instruction manual instead of the basics that the printed one covers.All in all, this is an amazing camera, and it surprises me everyday that I take a shot, because there are sometimes when I take a shot and find out that it made the shot I took look even better than I anticipated. Hook this baby up to a blu ray player or if your Blu ray has an sd slot built in it, you can look at the pictures and video in HD. The pictures just jump out of the screen on my bigscreen!!You just can't go wrong with this camera, I would just make sure to get a warranty from Square Trade, because this is total electronics you are talking about these days, so there are a lot of things that could go wrong with the camera, with time. Canon has a solid reputation, but with today's electronics.....you really need to protect yourself with such a complex and expensive unit.I can't say enough about this camera, and I'm sure I'll enjoy many years and many great pictures from this "SUPER" Camera!