For half the price of the Swann system which I guess has high definition cameras you probably get about the same options. I have mine hooked to a tv and I can clearly make out faces good enough to prosecute out to about 10 feet. After that face clarity is not so great but all the surroundings are still pretty clear. The colors however are not so great. On some things the colors are true but on others they are off, like my blue car is blue but my blue hoodie is pinkish, the green stripe on my boat is green but the grass and leaves are brownish. The clarity is more exact than the colors.  I cut and spliced several of the wires to reach some of the cameras and I can't see any real difference between the ones I didn't splice. Maybe a little but not really. Night vision is pretty good in a circle in the middle of the viewing area (not the whole screen)area out to 15 feet or so. The system is a little glitchy but not bad. Some of the commands don't effect the system the way you would expect. There are several options that are supposed to effect camera motion and alarm but I have found the best way to control motion is to go into system, click video, go to channel, set specific camera, then go to motion and click low, med, high, or disable and exit and save. This method allows you to go per channel or all...There are many other ways that are supposed to work but I had a lot of trouble at first...I had a boot problem because I set settings before I hit the hard drive format button. I was told to unplug everything for a minute and then format first. Now everything works. Tech support was very helpful. So once I found a way that worked I haven't tried any other ways. One thing to note is the motion censor is very sensitive even on low. It used about 25 GB's (all 8 channels) through the night apparently on moths, and during the day whatever moved on the street or when leaves blow it would record. At that rate it would go through 500GB's every ten days and I'm not sure how overwrite effects quality so I turned  off motion record except for when I am expecting a package or when I leave the house, but as long as you don't turn off power to the system you still get a view from the cameras.  Any way, motion works good, alarm works good...very nice for when you are expecting a package...mine were getting stolen off my porch...hence the system...(God bless the welfare system)...You will certainly be able to see what is going on around your property and for 260 (I purchased Blue Caviar 500 gb hd for 60) it is hard to beat this set up. However I am probably going to get two more high def  wide angle cameras for my porch where my packages are left for extra clarity. If you have lots of money go with the 500 system with the high def cameras, other wise this deal is pretty good with a lot of options. I recommend it for the financially impaired or for basic surveillance of your property.