But don't take my title the wrong way.  Thef Fuji is a very nice camera.My initial impression was WOW.  Looking at the first few pictures I took on the camera's display.  In one case, in EXR mode, I pointed the camera into a dark room and it was almost like looking through a (normal color, not greenish) night vision scope.  It was clearer on the display than it was in real life.I was truly impressed.Then I examined the pictures on my computer and reality set in.  Zoomed out, the pictures looked good, then I viewed them 1:1 and they were very very noisy.  All of the pictures I had taken to that point, about 50, were taken indoors with default settings.I started playing with the settings.  I found all the Auto ISO setting pretty useless (for me).  The Auto ISO settings have a maximum ISO they will shoot at and every single picture that I shot was taken with that maximum, no variation in the ISO, even when the camera used the flash.  When I manually set the ISO to 400 or less, the pictures produced were much better and of course, the lower the ISO, the less noise.This is something I don't understand at all.  In auto EXR mode, the camera could decide to change the image size.  With memory cards and disk space so cheap and plentiful, I would never shoot a picture at anything but the highest resolution and lowest compression, even if the pictures are huge.  I can always crop or compress them later.In daylight the auto mode performs much better, using a lower ISO, but not all the time. It still shot at the maximum ISO some of the time.  At ISO 100 or 200, whether in manual or auto, the pictures are beautiful.  At ISO 400, there is a little noise.  At higher ISO the noise gets a lot worse each step up the ISO ladder.I'm not into movies on point and shoot cameras; I use a high definition camcorder when I want to shoot movies.  But for those that do, the movies are nice and you can zoom while recording, but you will hear the zoom on the audio.In summary, if you manually set the ISO to 100 or 200, you will get real nice pictures both indoors and outdoors.  ISO over that and you will get noise, but you will get usable pictures.  I think Fuji has set the auto modes to try and use the fastest shutter speed it can to avoid shake blur and not rely on the image stabilizer as much.  I personally hope they change this with a firmware update.Aesthetically the camera is very nice, small and easy to handle.  Compared to one of it's major competitors, the Canon SX200IS, both have pluses and minuses.  The Canon performs better in "Auto" modes, cannot zoom while recording (also has 720OHD recording) and is significantly bigger.  The Fuji does better in low light, is smaller and battery life is much better.Both are good choices.  I like the Canon (which I also have) better