I have always wanted to buy a DSLR camera until I found out about this new line of bridge cameras. It's a crossover between point and shoot and DSLR. Looks like a DSLR but cost like a top of the line point and shoot with a lot more versatility, incredible zoom, and no extra expensive lens attachments to buy. So I have been doing some research for a few months now and have been putting my focus on the this Sony and also on a Panasonic DMC-FZ100 which in particular I think is also a beautiful camera. Personally I chose the Sony because it's a 16.2mp vs 14.1mp on the Panasonic, 30x zoom vs 24x for the Panasonic and last but not least Sony has the best Optical Image Stabilizer in the business. It has an active image stabilizer than uses 3 different ways to eliminate camera movement. These where the main features than made me choose the Sony. Also, for years the brand has never let me down. The Panasonic has a slightly wider lens and shoots 11fps in burst mode as opposed to 10fps for the Sony. Which means the Panasonic will take 11 pictures in one second in burst mode and the Sony will take 10 pictures in one second in burst mode. That is definitely not a big deal for me. The HX100V is absolutely fabulous! The pictures are crystal clear. The camera has a feature for low light picture taking that snaps several pictures automatically and according to the amount of ambient light. It then combines all of the pictures into one low light crystal clear picture. With virtually no picture noise also known as grain. I read a one star review that another member gave this Sony. I hope he did not return his camera as of yet because these are pretty hard to get right now. He was complaining that the camera did not have a feature to disable the picture preview after you snap a shot and that you would basically have to wait for the preview to finish before the LCD became available for the next picture. Well my friend all you simply have to do is press the shutter button half way and the LCD and camera become available instantaneously for you! I believe the camera gives you a preview of about 2 seconds which is definitely not a long time but if it is than in 1/8, 1/4 or 1/2 of a second press the shutter button half way and immediately the the preview is off and and the camera is ready and focused for your next picture. Just because the camera is showing you a preview of the picture you just took doesn't mean you have to wait for it to finish to shoot your next pic. I have not even read the user guide, I just used common sense. If you already own this camera try it. If you are considering to buy this camera don't let one persons opinion prevent your from buying this awesome camera. The video is spectacular! It records video at full HD resolution, 1920 x 1080 @ 60 progressive fps and records this resolution onto the memory card @ 28Mbps. The next step up from that is 3D-HD. In burst mode the camera takes 10 consecutive pics in one second, no delay, no lag time, no preview. After it takes the pictures it takes a couple of seconds to record the pictures that were just taken. I purchased my camera @ Bestbuy on 62nd Street and Broadway in NYC for $399. It was the last one in stock and I was getting the run around from the sales rep. He kept telling me that it was already sold but the system was showing one in stock. Well the store manager took care of that! I think the rep was holding it for himself. Good luck guys and enjoy your purchase.