As an aspiring videographer I was on the hunt for a camera that could shoot stellar video without having to spend $10,000. The Canon 7D was the perfect option for me. I bought it about 6 months ago and have gotten a ton of use out of it ever since then.This is my first DSLR camera so it took some time for me to get to learn how to use it and discover the features and differences of a typical video camera. I'm writing this review from a pure video stance since that's mainly what I use it for, and I hope it can help others who are looking at the video capabilities.The picture this camera produces is nothing short of outstanding. I recently finished a rather large project with it and once I exported and everything I just couldn't believe the outstanding quality it had produced. I often shoot sports highlights with it and several of my colleagues shoot using Sony EX3s (a $10,000 camera). Side by side, many have said that the picture produced by the 7D is superior. If you're looking to make a short film on a budget, this is the perfect answer. I honestly don't think from a video standpoint you're getting that much more with the 5D mkII. I do know that I am in love with this camera, and use it more than I ever expected to.I will outline some of the cons I see in it however.First, I find it a little more difficult to shoot handheld video on this than a regular video camera with a shoulder mount. You have to have some very steady hands to keep the picture looking nice. That said, I also love the portability of it in comparison. I got shots off the top of a rappel tower I couldn't come close to getting with a standard video camera.I'd like more options on aspect ratio and frame rate. There are only so many settings and you get locked into them. For example, I can shoot 1920x1080 at either 24p or 30p. I would LOVE the option to shoot 60p. The only option available for shooting in SD isn't a 16:9 (widescreen) option. I always end up shooting in HD and down-converting later on. It clearly has the capabilities end to end, I'd just like to be able to independently manipulate these options.Another con is audio. The on board mic is fine for nat sound. It actually works better than I expect it to a lot of times. It's just when you're trying to capture high quality audio without background noise where it gets tricky. It also only has a mini-jack input and it isn't always feasible to record directly to the camera. Recently, I used a low price lav mic with a mini jack that worked really well, but I hated that I couldn't see my audio levels on screen and really had no way to adjust them coming into the camera. You just kind of have to go on blind faith.Overall though, a FANTASTIC product. People are consistently impressed with the product I produce with this tiny camera. It shoots wonderful video and I am extremely pleased with my decision to purchase it.