I don't think there is a camera out there that can compete with the Canon EOS 20d for the money.  I am a semi professional photographer and I take images from high speed action to high def. macro.  The range of features on this camera is amazing.  The custom settings, the auto settings and the scenery settings are all perfect.  The camera adjusts the white balance perfectly AND it lets you customize it if you want.  It takes 8.2 mega pixels which will let you enlarge phots to as big as you can print them without losing quality.  It has speed like no other digital camera. It says in its advertsing that it can take up to 23 shots at a time at 5 frames per second.  The advertising is wrong.  It can take well OVER 23 shots at a time at 5 frames a second.  I have personaly take over 7 seconds of continuos shooting. 36 frames to be exact. And that is at 8.2 megapixels.  It takes a high end memory card to do it, but it does it none the less.  Image quality?  Amazing.  Ease of use?  Phenominal.  Those who say it is complicated probably can't set up their alarm clock either.  Don't get me wrong, this camera is so feature rich that you will need to read the manual to get it all figured out.  But out of the box without reading a thing I was taking advanced shots, setting my own shutter and or f-stop, changing ISO speeds, taking single and multi burts shots and more without reading the manaul.  Now I've worked with digitals before but never a canon.  The construction is top rate.  It feels solid in your hand.  It doesnt feel plasticky, or hollow.  The controls are easy to reach, and it's comfortable to hold.  Ive heard of people complain that it's to small.  Well, I've got fairly large hands and I dont have any trouble holding it.  One of the best features on this camera though is thenearly instant on.  .2 seconds from flipping the switch to taking a picture.  This has saved me a number of times.  It also turns off after a minute of sitting idle to save battery life.  Then you simply press the shutter button down and it's back on instantly.  Oh ya..one of the best things about it for me...it records the photo settings along with the image.  When I go back and review my images the camera can also tell me what the exact settings were for each shot so I know what to set them to for the best picture.  The battery life is simply amazing as well.  I have a 2 gig flash card in my camera.  I took over 500 pictures at a mountain bike race last weekend, and I wasnt even close to the end of the power life.  Canon says it will take over 700 pics per charge. I believe it!  I honestly can't think of anything negative about this camera.  Oh wait...the viewing screen is a bit small, and a bit hard to see in the sun.  If they could make the viewing screen bigger, and more direct light viewing friendly, this camera would be perfect in my opinion.  Don't get me wrong, its not TO small.  Just smaller than I prefer.  All in all though, I have looked at a LOT of cameras, and I have not found one that even comes close to this one.  It has more features, and nicer features.  More memory and a faster shooting speed.  Easier operation, and better build than any of the cameras that compare in price.  So unless you want to spend 3-4000 dollars...the 20d is the way to go.