Mega-zoom P&S; camera are great for most part as long as you don't have to take lots of indoor pictures under poor lighting conditions.  That's where DSLRs, even the cheapest ones, shine due to much larger sensor (full-frame, APS-c, or 4/3) and larger pixel size.  Now days, small P&S; cameras with larger (relatively speaking) 1/1.6 sensors and fast lenses (i.e. f2.0 or faster) are all the rage because they do better with indoor low light situations - Canon S95, Panasonic DMC-LX5, Samsung TL500 to name a few.  Fuji likes to march to a different drum beat, coming up with EXR sensor that varies pixels with wide dynamic range setting to better capture images under less than ideal lighting situations rather than just using the brute force solution of putting faster lens and larger sensor.S200EXR is different from all other mega-zooms in that when you manually turn the zoom, it continuously refocuses automatically without having to push the shutter half way.  It makes for much faster zooming and shooting.  I've used a number of mega-zoom P&S; cameras over the years (Panasonic DMC-FZ28, Nikon P90, Fujifilm S5100, Olympus SP-550UZ); they all take great pictures outside in daylight but all are lousy when taking pictures in dim indoor settings. S200EXR definitely does better than most all of them indoors; still not good as a recent vintage DSLRs but definitely an improvement.  For me, S200EXR's ability to take better indoor picture was the main reason for getting it.  It would be nice if had HD video recording and longer zoom.  HD recording was not important for me; that's what HD camcorders are for.As for the longer zoom, because its sensor and the lens were larger, 14.3X was about the maximum that it could go.  Due to the market pressure of having to keep up with other manufacturers putting out cameras with longer zoom lenses, Fuji ditched the larger sensor and went with smaller sensor (1/2.33) and less megapixels (10 mp) in HS10 to go to 30x zoom.  I didn't try out the HS10 extensively but it's pictures are grainier at higher ISO than S200 EXR. Now with HS20 EXR replacing the HS10, Fuji put the bigger sensor back (1/2) - well not quite as big as 1/1.6 sensor in S200 EXR but still slightly bigger; however, they crammed 6 more megapixels, totaling 16 mp.  I haven't seen it up close as to what it can do but I wonder how grainy high ISO pics are when 16 megapixels are crammed into that puny sensor, despite boasting EXR high dyanmic range sensor technology.Also, S200 EXR is huge, as big as my Nikon D90, although not nearly as heavy. Large size almost defeats the purpose of using it as a point & shoot but I don't mind the size.  Having external flash shoe mount is a bonus if you need more light; it's useless in all other settings except in full manual since it is not TTL type.  It needs a lens hood but doesn't come with one like its  predecessor, S100fs.  You can pick up a generic one on Amazon. (67 mm size)Bottom line, in my opinion, it is the best mega-zoom P&S; in the market now in regards to low light situations unless the camera manufacturers start putting bigger 4/3 or APS-c sensors in the P&S; cameras. Highly recommended!