If you are buying this camera to shoot and then view your 3D movies on your computer - think twice. Unless you can find a Stereoscopic player on the internet, you are out of luck. I tried playing it with QuickTime and VLC. What I got was a side by side movie of the same thing. No overlapping for the 3D effect.I scoured the Internet for Mac stereoscopic players and came up empty. Maybe you will be more successful in your search. I suggest you find a player before buying this camera if this is your intended purpose.But if you want to send your movie to YouTube or to your 3D TV, then that's another matter. Do a search on YouTube for Bloggie 3D to see examples of the Bloggie 3D output (be sure to have red/blue glasses to get the full effect).What I liked:* Compact size. It is small enough to fit in your pocket.* You can quickly switch between 2D & 3D with a single click of a button.* It works perfectly with my Macintosh computer's Image Capture (so I didn't need to install the software that came with the camera).* It has a black finish that has some texture to it which makes it less likely to slip out of your hand (verses the Bloggy Duo's slick white finish).* It takes really good close-up pictures. I was able to get crystal clear pictures of flowers when the camera was only 4 inches away.* You can record your 2D movies in both landscape and portrait (3D can only be filmed in landscape mode).* You can take a still photo at the same time as recording a 2D video.What I didn't like:* The internal battery. For the occasional or light picture taking, it would be fine. But if you want to take it on a vacation and take a lot of photos - the battery won't last long enough. I take 300 to 500 photos a day and go through 2 sets of AA batteries with my small Samsung camera. There is no way to replace the Bloggie's battery pack if it runs out of power.* The light is just that-a light that you can turn on - not a flash.* Everything is automatic. This could be a plus for those who want to just take a picture, but if you want to do any manual adjustments - you're out of luck, e.g. no setting the ISO, etc.* Limited storage. The Bloggie does not use flash cards. It is all internal flash memory. Once the internal flash memory is full you must stop taking pictures. If you are like me who takes 4000+ photos on vacation - this wouldn't hold everything. The only way around this is to download the photos to a portable computer, erase the Bloggie, and then start again. Doable, but not optimal.BTW: For those that had a problem updating the firmware (taken from an email from Sony): connect the camera to your computer> Two drives appear: BLOGGIE and BLOGGIE_SW> Double-click the icon of the BLOGGIE drive. This is the camera's internal memory> Copy the MHS-FS2.bin file to the camera's internal memory> Drag and drop the icon of the BLOGGIE drive to the Trash icon, and then disconnect the camera from the computer.Sony could have improved this experience by providing the software download or link for a stereographic player so the 3D effect could be observed on a computer.