background:  attended photo school at ICP in NYC, shoot with a canon G2, and previously shot with a canon A2 SLR and a stylus epic fixed lens P&S.;  (P&S; = point and shoot)i've owned the S330 for about two months now, and have to say it is an excellent camera. -the fact that it is digital is a dream come true because i never expected this kind of image quality outside of film P&S; cameras.  interaction with the camera is completely intuitive, and the controls are simple/excellent.  build quality is substantial, sturdy, and very impressive outside the plastic flashcard door (although every camera seems to have one flimsy something or another)the camera offers more features by way of light balance, artistic modes, manual modes and flash combos than the better film P&S; cameras out there like the fixed lens stylus epic and the yashica T4.  the lens is extremly fast at 2.0 (?) or is it 2.2?  anyway, it's very fast for a P&S; so this gives you better opportunity to shoot without the flash which should be avoided on any camera.  the camera even warns you of camera shake if the lighting is low and the shutter speed is long. very cool.very nice effects can be achieved using differnt metering and focusing techniques..(see photo.net to learn how to properly shoot with a P&S;).  add in the sepia, vivid and B&W; settings, and you can really be extremely creative with this little camera.  software is excellent, although a bit simple, and i've expereinced NO problems at all using Windows 98se.  flash card reader is not at all necessary.  canon instructin manuals, cables and everything related is excellent as it comes in the box -ready to rock.  BUT, you need a bigger flashcard (96 should do) and a case of some type to protect the lovely metal finish. xtra battery is essential if you're shooting all day.i've been using this camera for going out when i don't want to lug the G2 around. it's size is good, but not great.  the s200 is a good compact size in my mind because the s330 is a hair too big to keep in a jeans pocket, plus its a bit heavy (but in a good way).  this is being nitpicky, but the 3x zoom is worth the xtra size i guess.  the LCD screen is excellent, although the viewfinder only includes about 80% of what your actual image is on the screen -annoying if you're trying to compose a shot through the viewfinder in an effort to save battery life with the LCD off.  on the other hand, it's very easy to fix composition errors in the software.a word on digital.. if you're a photo student, or if you're looking to improve your photography, then BUY a digital camera.  it's free to blast away photos and test different technique, lighting, point of view, composition etc.. and you SEE your results instantly in the LCD.  also, you know if you've blown a shot.  you'll learn much much faster because you'll remember exactly how you shot, when, in what mode etc (all recorded wiht the image).. critical for learning quickly, and you don't need to take notes and burn a thousand frames like with film.