I got this camera about a week ago and have been satisfied with it so far.  I bought it for a trip to Australia later this year. am new to photography and wanted to get my feet wet with something more than a pocket point & shoot, but less bluky and cheaper than a DSLR or even a mini DSLR like the Rebel.  aside from the bulk of carrying lenses, i wasnt quite ready to make the jump to a $700-$1000 camera.As far as bridge cameras go, this seems to be a great way to go.  the picture quality is quite good and photos come in nice and sharp when properly exposed.  having said that, this camera is not a point and shoot.  it is also not a DSLR.  if you are expecting a substitute for a $2000 camera, you will be left wanting.  I also find it the make some questionable exposure settings when i leave it on AUTO.  it is fairly good size,  not something that i would be able to put in my pocket.  but it could fit into a midsized purse or a day pack fairly easily for a trip when you know you will be taking pics.back to the point that this is not a DSLR.  this camera cost $360!  it is not a replacement for a full size, interchangeable lense camera with a full image sensor.  having said that, the lense is quite amazing.  at the wide angel, you get the full 28mm (35mm film equiv) and at full zoom, you get the equivilent of 560mm. and that lense offers surpirsing image quality over the whole spectrum.  it does slow down (allow less light to reach the sensor) to F5.7 at 560mm, but it offers a steller F2.8 at full wideview.  the image stableization also workes wonders on this lense.the sensor chip on this is not the full size offered in DSLRs, this camera does have some low light noise.  i found that on AUTO or P, the ISO would go  up to 800 on a well lite indoor subject.  i manually brought that down to 200, and still ended up with well lit photos without the noise.  i cannot speak for the low light performance compared to other cameras in this class, but i have found little fault so long as you are prepared to dabble in the manual settings.  just dont expect it to be as clear in low light as your D5.The manual modes all seem straigh forward.  you can switch between apature and shutter speed with a flick of the thumb, and both are readily controled by the central wheel.  ISO is also easily accessable on the main wheel and the majority of the buttons are laid out with at least some amount of common sense.  the menu is also easily navigated and offers a number of settings from flash strenght to power settings.the flip screen is nice, although it seems like more of a novelty than anyhting else, i usually just flip it back to "normal" against the back of the camera view.  the resolution of the image is quite good. which is fortunate because the smaller eye viewfinder is of relativly poor resolution.  this is one of my gripes with this camera.  if you are going to include a viewfinder, at least give it as good of resolution as the main screen.  it is pretty much worthless for determining focus or fine picture taking.I strongly recommend that you spend the $12 on the aluminum 58mm lense thread adapter.  this camera does not come with one and while i do little in the way of filters, i do like having a clear UV filter to protect my lense.This camera also has a hot shoe for those of you who will be doing anything that requires a finner tuch than the built in flash.  i would by one if i were to do pictures for anything like a wedding where the built in would be to direct.The 4 AA batteries were one of the buying points for me.  It is good to always be able to get batteries and since i currently live in italy, and i travel alot, being able to carry or buy spares is important. on that note, i have taken about 200 pics,  many with flash and about 8 min of HD Video (looks and sounds great BTW) and the batteries are still going strong.over all i am happy with my purchas and think that this camera is going to end up being a good camera at a good price.  I will provide more of a review after i get to use it more on my trip.