If you have the cash to spare and love taking photos there is only one thing to know.  Buy a 20D.  As soon as possible.  You will be thrilled.  There is no doubt that it is among the best cameras the world has ever seen.  I did my research before deciding to buy a 20D.  I looked seriously at the Nikon D70, another excellent digital SLR camera and a fair bit cheaper than the 20D, but I chose the 20D for its ruggedness, slightly larger 8mp sensor, and outstanding autofocus.What is amazing about this camera?  Put it on automatic and squeeze the shutter release.  In a second you have taken 5 shots.  You can take 20 in four seconds, each 8 megapixels in size while the autofocus tracks your running toddler.  It feels GREAT in your hand, very sturdy and not overly heavy.  Perhaps  a tad bulky compared to the digital camera you may be used to.  But I find it a joy to hold and use.It can speed up to ISO 3200 without introducing excessive noise into the image and at 1600 and 800, noise is almost unnoticeable.  That means you can take handheld photos without flash indoors in the evening under ambient room light conditions (the 50mm mentioned below, with its large maximum aperture helps too in this regard).You could spend days researching lenses and accessories.  If you are just wading in to high-end amateur photography, let me make some quick and dirty suggestions:The kit lens (EF-S 18-55mm) is a very good lens for the insanely cheap price of $100.  The EFS 17-85 which pros rave about is pricey at $600 and you don't need the 55-85 range much I find -- you will probably consider a decent telephoto (like a 70-300mm) to be a better use of your cash.  You may well grow tired of the 18-55 eventually, but it does give you access to wide angle shots at a cheap price.You absolutely MUST buy the ($75) 50mm f1.8.  It is a truly outstanding lens for headshots and portraits.  It has fantastic depth of field control allowing you to achieve a nice background blur, and is very very sharp within the depth of field.  You will use this lens a lot.  Some say it's cheaply made.  Probably, but it works wonders and the price is definitely right.  50mm was standard on analog SLRs supposedly due to its rough equivalence to how the human eye observed a scene.  On the 20D it becomes an 80mm lens due to the 1.6x crop factor, and at that length becomes the perfect portrait lens in my view.If you want to photograph ships, houses and palaces, the EF-S 10-22mm f3.5 is a treasure that'll set you back $800.  It's definitely not a good general purpose lens, but how cool is it to have a wide angle zoom?You do NOT need a high speed compact flash card, but you DO need a big one.  If you have a 4x 512MB CF, keep it and it will work well with the 20D.  A 256MB card will fill up pretty fast as you will become addicted to firing off several shots at once.  Sure the 1GB cards are down in price considerably, but don't throw out your old 256 or 512s.  The buffer on the 20D is very large, and will transfer the images from the camera to the card during idle time quite happily.  Of course if you want to run off 30 images in 6 seconds, go for the ultra or 80x cards.  You don't need my advice either.Buy it and love it.  You'll never go back.