The other cameras that people compare the S90 to are considerably bulkier and heavier. Out of all of the pocket cameras, the S90 is the best on the market (I might be overstepping my bounds there, but I haven't seen anything this size that compares). The trick is figuring out what you're looking for, if you're looking to take the best pictures possible, stop reading this and go get yourself a DSLR, at some point maybe pocket cameras will replace them, but we aren't there yet. If you're looking to take the best pictures possible without having to drag a DSLR everywhere, then you might have just found what you are looking for. Why not something like the G10 or G11? Personally I feel they're too big, if you have to drag something like that around why not get a DSLR?Cons:- Battery life: I read about this before I got the camera, so I got an extra battery, I'm not bothered, but that's mostly because I knew what I was getting myself into.- limited depth of field manipulation: I was really hoping with the 2.0 aperture it would give a better blur effect, the effect is there, but it really isn't as pronounced as I hoped it would be.- easy to accidentally move the wheel on the back: this isn't a big deal to me, but I do find that I often move the back wheel when using the buttons on the back. Luckily when shooting this is tied to the exposure comp in most modes (so it doesn't drastically change my shot), the biggest annoyance is when I am viewing pictures and I accidentally move to the next image when zoomed in.Other people's cons:- speed: I read someplace that the processing of image series is slow, I haven't tested it because if I am shooting serious action I will have a DSLR (however if you don't this might be a concern).- build quality: I am not bothered by the build quality, and I tend to abuse the hell out of things, but I also tend not to care if things get banged up. If this is a major concern for you, maybe you should check out the G10/G11.- Non-HD Video: Personally I think people are making a bigger deal out of this than they should, if you are looking for high quality video you should be looking at video cameras, cameras just don't have the same quality. I view video on a camera as a bonus, so I am perfectly happy with the video quality on the S90, particularly if it keeps the camera small. Of course I wound't mind HD if they could fit it into the same size body.Pros:- Image quality for the body size: As I said above I don't think there is anything this small that compares.- Control wheels! Love these things, so much control at your fingertips! Further more you can program the button on the back (I set mine to white balance), which makes shooting fast.- portabilityBuying a camera is all about figuring out what your needs are, if you are looking for ultra portable quality above all else, you just found your new camera! If you are looking at quality above all else check out a DSLR. If you're looking for something in the middle, or you aren't cool with the cons listed, you might want to read other people's reviews comparing some of the other larger cameras to the S90. I gave it 5 stars, even though I thought about giving it 4, because it's exactly what I wanted (aside from the depth of field issue), a camera I can take with me all the time so I have it when I'm not going out "shooting", a camera that takes great pictures and fits in my pocket.