I own a Canon G7 and have been pleased with it, but I am tired of having to add attachments for wide angle and telephoto. (I also use DSLRs at where I work for professional photo shoots.) Canon's G-series cameras are great, but bulky and I wanted a smaller camera that would easily fit into a jacket or shirt pocket. I always research my purchases thoroughly and so having read at least a half dozen or more reviews of the Panasonic ZS3 and the Canon SX200, including comparison reviews, I decided on the ZS3. The optical zoom in video feature, and sharpness of the detail of the sample photos on the review sites, are what swung my decision. I ordered the camera from Amazon and waited a month for it to be delivered.Once I got the camera I tested it for several days. My first tests were indoor portraits and stills. These came out comparatively poor to what I was used to with my Canon, and the shots were just plain bad if they were done in low-light even with the "night portrait" setting enabled. The camera does not do well in low-light conditions, a problem compounded by a VERY weak flash. For example, if you are trying to take a photo in a room that is not well-lit, unless you get within a few feet of the subject, the camera's auto-settings will jack up the ISO and shutter speed to compensate for the weak flash and you will get a dark, noisy photo. I tried adjusting the limited manual overrides so it would not adjust the ISO above 400, but the photos continued to come out noisy. I then broke out my monopod to help stabilize the camera. This helped quite a bit as the camera was able to lower the ISO and shutter speed significantly and the photos came out much brighter, but still not nearly as good as any Canon I had used. From what I can tell, the optical image stabilization on this camera is not as good as what Canon uses. I figure what Panasonic is doing is simply increasing the ISO and shutter speed to compensate for hand movement, rather than using "optical" stabilization. The result being dark, noisy photos in low light. As I had my old G7 at hand. I was able to take comparison photos from the exact same position and lighting and they all came out looking much better.OK, low-light interior shots are not great, but what about outdoor day shots? I took the camera for a stride through downtown Dallas about lunchtime, and took a variety of shots, including some interior shots at a brightly lit restaurant. These all came out looking great. In particular, the sharpness of detail was excellent. However, late in the day (about 7pm in late June) I took some shots when the sun was lower in the sky, certainly not twilight by any means, but simply not direct sunlight. Now the shots looked like they had a blue film on them to me. The skintones of my subjects (my family swimming in the pool) were way off, contrast was low. Generally the shots look flat and lifeless compared to what I was used to with my old Canon. So I took out my Canon and in the same light conditions took some photos. They looked superb compared to the Panasonic. That sealed it for me and I decided to send the Panasonic back to Amazon.The next day I bought a Canon SX200 and was pleased with every aspect of the camera. Color balance of the photos is much better, contrast, powerful flash, good low-light performance (for a point-and-shoot), and better build quality than the Panasonic. The video on the Panasonic was better than the Canon, not only could you optically zoom, but I think the video may be just a little sharper. So if video is the most important feature to you, then the Panasonic would be the better choice. I would also say that, if your subject is very well light, you may be able to get better detail out of the Panasonic lens on at least some shots. But in general in my opinion it is so difficult to get a really high-quality photo out of the ZS3 that I don't think this is a good enough reason to recommend it over the Canon.Summation:Pros:Excellent video qualityOptical zoom in videoExcellent photo detail in well-lit conditionsSmall and light (fits easily in a shirt pocket)Cons:Poor low-light performanceWeak flashRelatively slow zoom (the SX200 is faster)On-camera software is primitive lookingColor balance and contrast lackingExpensive considering the photo quality