Ok. I am not a pro, just a P&S; user. I have a Fuji F30 and my brother has a Canon SD 850. I would say F30 takes incredible pictures in low light ( I still remember how disappointed was a friend comparing the performance of his new canon G series with my F30 during sunset on a cruise ship  )and in daylight scenery. I also think Canon takes great pics in good light with a lower indoor performance than F30.When I decided that its time for an upgrade, I determined that I need something that will enable me to increase my technical skills with at least 10x zoom for close ups and my wife insisted we have something taking decent videos (preferably HD recording). As I did 2.5 years ago I went online dpreviewdotcom, found the superzoom comparison read it to the end, downgraded my options to Panny ZS3, Canon SX200 and Sony H 20. I went on with amazon reading almost every posting about them. I ordered ZS3. It came in 2 days and here is what we think of it:Build:Its solid and have a sturdy feeling, I would not criticise anythingDesign:I think usage of buttons was pretty practical however you got to used to the menus.BatteryI could take 153 pictures and 18 small clips (less than a minute) with a fully charged batteryZoom + FocusI think the major strength of this camera is its decent wide angle zoom and focus.VideoHD video is a great plus and its stereo sound is amazing we connected the ZS3 to our HD LCD TV and did really enjoy the outcome. Plus my wife loved the dedicated camera record button...However for me it all comes down to image quality. So I will share in brief of my  experience in different conditions:INDOORunbelievebly poor. We were not able take a good pic of our 1 year old standing accross the room. You would not believe how poor quality (dark and grainy) was the images ok it took slightly better one in 6-10 pics however still not comparable to my old friend F30. Where is the difference between a 10Mp and a 6 Mp gone? I went to the manual. read from the beginning but there is actually little you can do about it and it helps only 1 in 5 pics. I could never understand how a camera takes incredibly different pictures in the same mode just between couple of seconds on and on.OUTSIDE DAYLIGHTI took some pics with friends than took several more from the top floor scenery at 4.30 pm with ZS3 and F30, came home and looked at my computer. I was totally disappointed with the performance of ZS3 comparing to  f30.BEACHThan we went to beach, it was almost 7 pm and took a dozen more pics, same scenes with different modes. When I reviewed them on the computer I decided to send it back and order Canon sx 200.  (Ok some will say (posted here already )that this is a superzoom suffering in low light because of smaller ccd sensor, there are a alot of details or print outs will be good and I should have practised more... etc.My answer is, I am sorry but thats not my problem. When I pay a camera over 300, I want to be able to take a decent picture of my kid when I want to without suffering taking 5 pictures for a good one. Plus I hate photography processing with software  on the computer, simply dont like spending time for it.)This time I did not want to make a mistake and went to a bestbuy and came across Canon and Sony H20. I will not make another comparison just say that I ordered Sony H 20 giving Canon couple of more years to improve on the compact superzoom segment. Hope this helps and saves time. Thank you for your time.