It finally happened!  3 megapixel, 4 megapixel, 5 ... Now 6.3 and I can finally stop buying digital cameras.  With the combination of this camera and my Epson Stylus Photo 960 printer, I'll never have to go the local "photomat" any more.  That's not to say my most recent digital camera (Canon S50) didn't take great pictures, but they still needed a bit of a touch up and lightening to make them look OK for a final print.  This camera changes all of that.  I've taken a number of pictures with this camera and with the PIM plug-in in my Adobe Photoshop Elements software, I just print them out without the need to touch them up at all.  I'm a beginner when it comes to photography and I can't give you all of the technical mumbo-jumbo about all the features of the camera, all I can say is that it takes fantastic pictures!  However, there were a few things that kept me from giving it 5 stars which I think I need to share, especially if you're a beginner (like me), or even a novice...** It's a rather large camera.  If it's going to be a camera that you're going to take to a party or even a sporting event, it will be a bit bulky to carry around.** Unlike most other digital cameras today, the screen on back is only for reviewing the pictures.  You can't use it as a viewfinder to take a picture.  You have to look through the eyepiece.** The built in flash is pretty much of a waste.  It's not strong enough get a good picture in a dimly lit room, and it blows out your subject in a close up of a small item.  You really need to get a speedlite for this camera.** There is a bit of a learning curve.  Not all pictures come out top notch with the "Auto" setting.  I'm still getting some pictures that are sharp in the front, and blurry in the rear.  It's been tricky to figure out how to position the 7 auto-focus "points" that are in the viewfinder.  I'm sure it's just something I need to learn but by no means is this just a "point and shoot" camera.** This sub-$1000 dollar camera can easily turn into a "thousands of dollars" camera.  There are a seemingly endless amount of lenses that are available for different things such as macro lenses for extreme close-ups (there is no macro mode on the camera, you need to buy a "macro lens" for macro shots), or wide angle and telescopic lenses.  Some of these lenses cost more than the camera itself.  A good quality speedlite will be another couple hundred bucks, at least.  Then you'll need a good case to carry it in, some extra memory cards, and an extra battery or two.  Of course, all of these things are optional, but to get the most out of the camera, you will need to spend some additional money.  All of that aside, I'm still keeping my Canon S50 for it's small size, point and shoot features, and excellent picture quality.  But for the times that I want unsurpassed fantastic picture quality, I'll never need to use another film camera again.  I don't care if they come out with a 50 megapixel camera tomorrow, there is simply NO WAY the naked eye is going to see better picture quality than what this camera puts out.  Now if I can just figure out all the features ... :)