My previous camera was a 4MegaPixel Canon S410 which I purchased about 7 years ago.  I figured it was time for an upgrade and first I purchased a 12.2 MegaPixel Canon SD980 which is about this same price as the Samsung TL225 and also has a large touch screen.  The features and touch UI weren't nearly as good as the TL225.  The picture quality of the SD980 was poor and after looking more closely at reviews, I realized I wasn't the only one having issues with it.  So, I returned the Canon and purchased this Samsung (mostly because I still wanted the nice touch screen but thought it would have better, not excellent, but good, picture quality).  I have been relatively disappointed in the picture quality on this camera.  Even in great light conditions, the picture quality isn't all that great.  I took my new Samsung TL225 and my old Canon S410 out to the Zoo today to do some comparison shots.  It's really sad that my 7 year old, 4 MegaPixel camera is taking far better quality pictures than this brand new, 12.2 MegaPixel camera.  Somewhere along the line, the CCD manufacturers must have given up quality in the race to say they had the highest MegaPixel count in their device.  There is no excuse for the 4MP to look better than 12.2.  Before someone comes along and tells me that I just need to tweak this or that setting, I will say, both cameras were set to auto mode in the comparisons so that things were fair.  Also, I don't want to mess with settings, I want to point and shoot and get a decent (not professional) picture.  Most of these pictures look OK when zoomed all the way out, but don't think you are going to be able to zoom in and crop a little just because you have 12MP to work with.  Any zooming in on the picture on your computer reveals how washed out the image is.Pros:Very nice user interface.  Small/Slim.  Feels sturdy.  Cool front LCD feature.  Very responsive / powers on and takes pictures very quicklyCons: Picture quality is not very good at all for a 12.2MP point and shoot in this price range. (compared to the Canon S410)  Even with the flash on, this camera is terrible in low light conditions (also compared to the Canon S410)  Front LCD is difficult to turn on. (no big deal)  Bad battery life as expected (but they could have given us an 1100 mAh battery instead of the 750mAh to make up for this)  Computer (Win7) recognizes this camera as a storage device, not as a camera.  This is generally not a problem because windows  will import pictures using its own software, but I prefer Windows Live Photo Gallery and it will not import from the  "AutoPlay" menu because it doesn't know it's a camera.Overall, I'm not too upset about the picture quality because of the other good features, but when I would still suggest looking for something with better picture quality if you don't already own this camera.