I have owned every coolpix from the 900 to this one. Every time they come out with a new model, I sell the old, and buy the new. There are always some new feature I'd like to have, items on my wish list that have been answered. (Some of my best shots were taken with the 900 1MP model.) I certainly miss the smaller twist models (last:4500).The good: I'm comparing mostly with the more recent coolpix models, not similar cameras from other manufacturers. I could go into why I've stuck with Nikon, but that's another story. Nikon has wisely taken their most often used controls away from an inconvient buried menu and put in on a dial right net to the shutter release. The have threaded the front lens mount for easier use of lens add-ons. (the 5700 and 8700 require slide on adaptors). the Vibration Reduction was a big upgrading feature for me. Past owned coolpixes: you're taking a shot of people outdoors in shade. The coolpix wants to use the flash. You disable the flash and find that your resultant shots are blurry. Agggrhhh!!! The VR helps in this respect. I've pushed the use of this feature, and its certainly not a miracle worker, but an improvement. The 10X zoom lens is a real winner- keeps away the temptation to use an add-on tele conversion lens. The short movie feature is better in quality than past cameras and very handy. There is a new battery model- needed for the more power hungry 8800. If your coming from a smaller MP camera, the 8MP's value is in allowing you to crop in software and still get a sharp print. Also for making very large enlargments. For regular snapshots and email/web photos it is gross overkill. There is a remote control which is nice for taking slow shutter speed shots and the times when the photographer wants to get in the picture without having to run like the devil before the self timer releases. For those not familiar with the coolpix line, the build is excellent, the camera is comfortable, the close ups breathtaking, the photos are very sharp, the features are numerous. The monitor swivel is very handy- i'd say indespensible. This is a choice if you want the top without getting into interchangable lenses and the expense and inconvenience of same.The bad: The 8800 is a tad larger than the 8700, but just enough to make it feel bulky. The 8700 felt perfect. The shutter delay is still annoying. The low light functionality is still inferior. The manual mode is still relatively useless. (It would be great to be able to focus and zoom the lens by turning the lens barrel like you could in prehistoric times. The monitor is a tad small for a camera of this size. And the auto exposure has a tendancy for too much, forcing you to manually under compensate (easy to do, but annoying to have to do) in many lighting conditions.Necessary add-ons: Nikon makes a great $25(?) leather case. An additional battery (the after market ones for other Coolpix cameras were good enough, but not available yet for the 8800). A filter lens cover (so you are cleaning that and not the lens). And a Birt Sirkin CheatSheet. And you might consider buying (eventually) one of those real small (e.g. Casio) cameras as a pocket model when your photo needs are light.General complaint about digital cameras: Low light sensitivity. What's this 'noise' BS. This is (almost) 2005. We should be shooting at ISO 1200 with no noise.