I had an old dinosaur of a Sony that took 1280 by 640 photos, max quality. It weighed a ton and was a solid 1/2 cubic foot block of dead weight (or so it seemed). So it was HIGH time to upgrade.  So seeing the wonderful reviews on this camera, and being happy with my previous one in spite of it being outdated, I happily ordered this one!Boy, what a PAIN this one was.  We have incandescent lighting and no matter how many "auto" settings I tried, I couldn't get the pictures to come out without them having a yellowish tint to them. On top of it, since we have a large family, the pictures were consistently ruined by one kid or another moving and making a big blurry area. It was terrible!  So I did research and changed some settings on the camera so that the shutter speed and other settings were better. I changed the White Balance to get rid of the yellow tinge (FINALLY!!).  Still, it was very much a pain to have to constantly reset the white balance before I took any pictures. Some of the pictures were still blurry, but it was ACCEPTABLE, barely.  Then I brought it to my new daughter's baptism and I got NOT ONE good picture because of the light coming through the windows. I am SO frustrated.  I would have used my DINOSAUR camera if I would have known that this brand new, almost $200 dollar camera COULD NOT TAKE BETTER PHOTOS!!!!  What good is a camera if you have to be messing around with settings before each one? Who has time to be messing with this before your child's special event, in the Church, etc???  I am FLABBERGASTED by all the 5 star reviews on this thing!So to continue the saga, I brought the camera to Best Buy to pick out a new one... and to see if I had a lemon.  Lo a behold the camera was acting fine THERE, under their fluorescent light... but was still a bit on the blurry side and the colors weren't quite right. Picked out a new Nikon Coolpix S9100 that took excellent pictures in the store, brought that home, and it's PERFECT. You point it at your kids, it takes a picture perfectly. You then point it out the window at the bright light and it adjusts and comes out perfect. Voila!  A camera that works!Oddly enough, I went to Sam's Club later that day after Best Buy and guess which camera I saw there? This Sony one!  And guess what it did as soon as I tested THAT one in the store? Yup, blurry picture and glare coming from the door of Sam's.  How in the WORLD did this camera get such good reviews??!!!  Needless to say I'm returning it even though I'm past the 30 day window and probably won't get my full refund back.  Adios, piece of junk! Pretty pitiful that you can't even take as solid pictures as a Sony from 10 years ago (that one takes 3.5" floppy disc too, just to show you how old it is! LOL)