20x optical, image stabilized zoom that you can use while filming.720P HD video with great sound.Hot Shoe for adding a flash for low light.Ability to use AA rechargeable batteries-don't have to wait for charging another set or purchase expensive 2nd proprietary.2.5" articulating display and electronic viewfinderWide angle - scenic shots and great for group picsHDMI out connection.Ability to take a still shot while recording video.Lens will extend with lens cap on so it doesn't break if I forget it's on.Beautiful still shots in good light.Full manual mode ability as well as point and shoot - increases ability to take quality pictures as you learn I moved up from an olympus sp-500 which I loved except for 3 things. First,I could not zoom more than half way without blurring as it had no image stabilization.Secondly, the video was very poor which was expected at the time of purchase.Last, but not least the new canon has wide angle compared to the old olympus.I find that I take videos often now that I don't have to spend extra moneyfor a dedicated camcorder plus have to drag it around with me.My olympus only allowed zoom to 5x without shaking, now I can zoom to 10xor more without shake. Also, the older superzooms did not allow zooming whilein video mode. Zooming more than halfway requires good light and reallybracing myself especially when subjects are moving. I will purchase a tripod to increaseopportunities to take up to 20x zoom in those type situations. Also, I'm using automaticand scene modes so I have no idea what the full capabilities are in manual mode. I wouldexpect that if you know how to adjust settings, it would greatly increase camera's abilities.Still pictures taken in good light are excellent even without the superfine or raw modesbut I still wish I had superfine. Great macro mode shots.Pictures taken in low light do show more noise than my older camera. At least,when I look at an actual sized picture on my computer screen, it either showssome kind of slight graining or it looks soft (noise reduction?). Again, manual settingsmight make a world of difference. I wonder if it is because they added those extra megapixelson the small sensor that causes it like one reads about online. If so, I sure wish they hadnot done that as this would be the PERFECT camera otherwise. Of course, thenI would never need to upgrade unless the camera actually broke.I am planning on buying a dedicated flash to see if that makes a differencein low light but using onboard flash works. Also, action shots are sometimes good,but sometimes not the best but that's to be expected.There is a lady on the reviews that added links to her landscape images andthey really show you what beautiful pictures this camera takes in good light.I mean they are stunning. I have not learned how to apply manual settings soI'm sure that would make a lot of difference in image quality and that isanother benefit of this camera is that it allows you to manually change thesettings as you learn how.I had a hard time between this and the pana FZ-35 but the articulating screen,movie file type, battery type, and the odd joystick on the panasonic were the deciding factors.Plus, I didn't like how it felt in my hands. As far as low light pictures, my research tellsme that all the small sensor ultrazooms will have some difficulty unless you know how toadjust settings to compensate for it. If you don't mind using flash, it doesn't matter anyway.We really love our new camera and have been using it since Sept 2009. I amupset that all the camera makers have chosen not to include the more detailedmanuals as that means I have to print out 185 pages but that does not detractfrom how great the camera is. I'm having fun editing my movies frommy all around, does it all, and does it mostly great, canon sx20IS. Plus, I getto buy a dedicated flash and tripod to take full advantage of all the extra featuresand expand the capabilities of taking great shots in even more situations. Then, mynew canon will be the "PERFECT" camera and I'll never need to upgrade. HA!