I have had this camera for almost 5 years now and it recently broke. During it's lifetime it took countless pictures of outstanding quality.when I was first searching for a quality camera that was convenient and compact I spent roughly 4-5 hours comparing optical zoom to picture resolution to battery life, versatility, functionality, and ease of use.  This camera won hands down in all categories.  In fact, I am currently searching for a replacement camera and I'm noticing that there is no other camera with all the functionality this one has on the market.  Granted, all cameras on the market now blow this one out of the water with resolution but it is apparently rare to find a camera with Bluetooth, 10x optical, compactness, and still be a point and shoot.  The only nitpicking I can do is that it would reset the scene selection when it went to sleep though you can easily turn off the sleep function.Landscape shots:The V610 was really showing off with it's landscape shots; especially with the 3-into-one panorama mode.  I have captured some very beautiful Italian mountain scenes including one of Florence that is absolutely stunning.Portraits:It performed very well, It could Identify what I wanted to see in the photograph and appropriately adjust focus and exposure for each shot.  I never once encountered red-eye nor washed out images. Also, the camera has a built in sensor to detect what orientation the camera is in when you take the photo and auto rotates the photo to upright (I took a photo with the camera upside-down once and flipped the camera right-side-up wile reviewing and the photo maintained correct orientation.  This, unfortunately, prevents you from taking up-side-down pictures)Close ups:Bugs, flowers, Circuit boards I've take photos of all of them and they were crystal clear and vibrant.  I even used it in place of a scanner once to send documents back home.High light: so long as you aren't taking pictures of the sun the photos were good, the camera allowed for manual exposure editing if it happens to guess wrongLow light: flash is good enough for anything nearby but there was one time I couldn't get a photo I really wanted.  It was when a bunch of people were projecting a video game on the side of the student center at my college at 1 am during a new moon (so really dark with a bright square as back light).  I couldn't get both the people and the projection in the same shot.Ease of use:I only read the manual to set up Bluetooth and it turns out I wasn't getting it on the first try due to my computer being anti-social.  How's that for ease of use?In the end, my review is quite late since this camera isn't made anymore and it looks like Kodak is not going to continue making the best camera on the market(it still would be if it wasn't only 6.1 Megapixel) by updating this one.  None the less, I hope to instill a feeling of grandeur(it's no delusion) to any other owners of this camera and possibly convince Kodak that they could own the point-and-shoot market with this camera.