Shooting with a borrowed Nikon D40 convinced me it was time to augment my pocket-friendly point and shoot (P&S;) with a digital single lens reflex (dslr) APS format camera.My favorite film SLR was a Nikon FM2.Out of habit, I wanted to buy a Nikon DSLR.I tried HARD to buy a new Nikon - D3000 / D5000 / D90.Instead - I bought the Pentax K-X from Amazon.And two weeks later, I bought the K-X -- again.Here is why...(Updated comments added at bottom.)1. ACTUAL EQUIPMENT PERFORMANCE DIFFERENCES ARE SMALL IN THIS CLASS OF CAMERA.Camera reviews are written by experienced professionals with a critical eye and sophisticated evaluation tools. They work hard to find, explain, and magnify nuances.My photo needs & tastes are generally simple ones. This class of camera is priced for people like me, upgrading from a digital point & shoot (P&S;). Professionals expect to spend thousands for a camera body, and thousands for a lens.2. PRICE DIFFERENCES ARE REAL.The Pentax K-X is an above-average, entry-level dslr.You can spend less, and get less performance.Unless you spend significantly more, you will not get better performance.A Nikon D90 and a K-X are both very nice 12mp cameras.BUT- they don't cost the same.3. AA BATTERIES - My Favorite Feature!Some people cringe at the AA batteries in the K-X. I've chased proprietary batteries for my P&S; before. I was drawn to this camera because it has a simple power needs. Who wouldn't prefer an inexpensive, accessible power source, easy to find, at a good price?The Eneloop rechargables are working out very well for me.4. SD CARD - My Next Favorite Feature!I have a bunch of these already, and can easily find more, at a good price.5. LONG KIT LENS - Try to find a kit that includes a 300mm zoom...I wanted a 300mm lens.  The nice K-X kit lens makes friends for Pentax.  The Canon XS 300mm zoom lens seems to be a source of irritation/disappointment for its owners.6. LIVE VIEW - SO WHAT?As useful (to me) as a cigarette lighter in a non-smoker's car. I don't use this feature.Camera focuses faster without it. It works fine, just not a factor for me.7. HD VIDEO - DITTO.If you want to shoot HD video, there are more satisfying ways to accomplish this. This feature is not good enough for the camera to take the place of a dedicated video camera.8. BOUGHT IT A SECOND TIMEThe first K-X camera I bought had a small piece of debris (not dust) on the sensor.Probably user correctable with a bulb blower, probably left over from manufacturing/assembly.(NOTE: The PENTAXIAN on-line user community is a helpful,friendly group.)Opted for Amazon's excellent return for credit process.  FAST EASY with EXCELLENT Results!9. WHY REPURCHASE K-X?When I saw them side by side, I was amazed the K-X was so similar to the Nikon D40. When Amazon confirmed my full refund, I tried to convince myself I really wanted a NIKON after all. I had a chance to re-think ALL of my earlier evaluations, against the backdrop of a dslr price war that produced even better prices on the Canon Rebel XS and the Nikon D3000. There were even new old-stock D40s at great prices. BUT the Pentax K-X was small and friendly like these, with a lot of newer features and many small, incremental, extras. So the final selection was the same as the first time, when I opted for a K-X.10. RELAX.  It is hard to make a "bad" dslr selection.Any of the top-selling dslrs are going to do an excellent job for just about any user.New dslr purchasers strongly influence the sales for the cameras listed in each week's "Top Ten". They know they have a safe bet if they stick with one of the two dominant brands - Canon or Nikon, etc.When I think about how well the PENTAX K-X is meeting my needs, and how much more I would have paid to get an equivalent Nikon (or Canon) I remain very satisfied with this camera.If you are in the market for an entry level dslr, and you think a Pentax K-X meets your actual photographic needs, you're probably right.Update:The more I use this camera, the better I like it.I got a black one, but there is an amazing array of body colors in the K-X product line.The white one is known as the "Storm Trooper" a la Star Wars.The "feel" is very good. Control placement seems intuitive.The build quality is very solid.The automatic settings make it easy to take decent pictures right out of the box.The features allow for plenty of growth as your skills change.(Translation- it really does help to read the manual.)The kit lenses (18-55 & 55-300 ) are serving me very well.They may be a trifle better than some other "kit lenses".The close up shots are very impressive, and the image colors are satisfying.Only a heavier, more expensive camera can match the combined features of the Pentax K-X.Overall, I am very happy I bought this camera.Post-Post Script July 2010:In the back of my mind, I wanted the 300mm lens for a chance to shoot an occasional airshow and get more satisfying results.  Last week I did just that.  The focus is fast and crisp, and the resolution was wonderful- even at the 10mp setting. Very happy with the results.  Continue to be very happy with the K-X.