The large zoom range and the fast shutter speed sold me on the HX100. I purchased it and immediately took pictures to test the various features. It was fall around here and the leaves had started turning colors and we had some beautiful weather. So I was able to test most of the features of the camera. I was pleased with the ease of use. I was able to get excellent pictures of most anything in bright sunlight. The panorama features worked well although it has some drawbacks. You can get a better picture by using software to merge pictures. You have more control over the pictures size by doing this.The color rendition was quite good and the lens stabilization even at high zoom worked well. The lens is not real sharp at the maximum zoom but this is not surprising. There are not many negatives of most of the functions of the camera. I suspect most people would be happy with this camera.I was able to take a number of videos with the camera and they all turned out to be quite good. The sound was fine and the pictures were quite sharp. The only problem was that the camera did not always maintain the correct white balance indoors which made color a bit off at times. But generally, I was pleased with the video quality.However, I returned the HX100V and purchased a Panasonic FZ150. I did so mainly because of a few features that I did not like or that I missed having. In indoor shots I took, I had a lot of trouble getting the camera to correctly handle white balance. This produced some off colors. I also missed being able to record in RAW mode. A couple of my outdoor shots would have benefited greatly from having recorded them in RAW mode. I am aware that many people do not use RAW mode so this would be a non-problem for them. Also, for some reason, I missed that this camera does not accept screw in filters. This means that you can not use a UV filter (probably to avoid lens scratching) nor can you use a polarizing filter. I have read that there is an attachment available for filters but that it is hard to find.Two rather irritating (to me) features were not photographic. The lack of an external charging device for the battery is strange. It would seem that it is less expensive to provide an external charger rather than supply the clumsy cords for the internal charger. The second irritating feature is the lack of a reasonable users manual. Supplying it in multiple file HTML format on a DVD is no substitute for a reasonable manual. Supplying it in PDF format would at least allow you a way to relatively easily print out any parts of the manual you want to keep handy.From my perspective, the camera would be given 3 stars but if you do not find those features I disliked to be of interest to you, then the rating would go up to 4 stars. I was quite pleased with the Panasonic FZ150 I bought as a replacement and I reviewed this camera elsewhere.