AESTHETICS: The Leica Digilux 2 can be described as a modern "retro" design. The body style is a direct descendant of the M6 and those before it. The body looks huge. It is about 33% larger than an M6, but this isn't readily apparent until you set it next to any Leica M chassis. There is a gaudy overabundance of faux chrome in the back. This is the least appealing part of the camera, because of the chrome finish that surrounds and accentuates the presence of the LCD monitor.  I would have preferred a more predominant use of either a black finish or the faux leather.  The rubber around the eyepiece is bulbous, but acceptable. Overall, it is a handsome camera.ERGONOMICS: What sold me are the traditional manual adjustments:  The focusing ring, the aperture ring, zoom adjustment, and shutter speed dial are so much more workable in the field. You do not have to take your eye away from the viewfinder like you would with touch pads and four-way rocker switches.  Leave that for reviewing the recorded images. The box construction has the familiar feel of an M body, but weighs less. The "grippy" black rubber finish is handsome and remotely resembles leather. The flash has two positions: press halfway and it will set up for bounce flash. Press all the way down, and it will point directly towards the subject.PRACTICALITIES: At the average price of about $1850 U.S. dollars, one would have to factor in the name.  But also figure in the build quality. There is the magnesium body, real metal hinges on the doors (which are designed beautifully), traditional aperture ring, manual & auto focusing, shutter speed dial, superior image processing (for markedly lower noise levels than the competition), aspherical Summicron lens, larger than average lcd monitor; and a few more, but the general impression is that it's built well.  The baseplate is bare, but there are three 1/8" diameter round rubber feet, and one round plastic foot that is molded out of the battery door itself. Attention to small details are what I like about the Leica. For example, the camera strap also comes with two leatherette scuff protectors that fit around the camera strap eyelets. And not only is a lens cap included, but a lens cap for the lens shade.THE BOTTOM LINE:  The photographs are the bottom line.  The images and image quality are on par with the pro-level dslr's. There is a real Summicron aboard this camera, and of it, I rest assured.  There are and will be cameras with higher pixel counts, but I've come to realize that if most of my photographs will be printed smaller than 11" x 14," then I am not lacking with the five megapixels. I've compared identical images side by side with images from my Olympus C8080, and the Digilux 2's images can almost qualify as 8 megapixel images!! Magnify both the C8080 & the Digilux 2's images to 200%, and the Leica wins convincingly. This is not a point-and-shoot, as most would regard it as such. It can be set up for that if you wish, but the manual focusing, aperture and shutter adjustments make the D2 a capable tool for anybody who pursues photography seriously.