I bought one of these while on vacation, and thus I did not have time to perform my usual research. After 3 weeks, 1000 pictures, and an email exchange with Sony tech support, I returned it. I was glad to pay the $60 restocking fee.The camera was not defective. The images of this 10 Megapixel camera simply have the detail of a 5 Megapixel camera because the camera is designed to automatically perform digital contrast and color enhancement. This is my conclusion after owning one, after reading every review I could find on the internet, and after owning two of the predecessors to this camera including the very first model -  the DSC-T1.This detail destroying "enhancement" makes the photos look prettier - until you enlarge them.I was really looking forward to zooming in on one of my photos of ancient Native American rock art that I could not have captured with less than 5X zoom and 10 Megapixels. When I got home and enlarged the image to full size, I looked at the adequately enlarged space where the thin and faint lines of the rock drawings should have been.It wasn't there.Thin and faint lines are EXACTLY the kind of detail that contrast and color enhancement eliminate.Pros: Image quality is the only serious defect of this camera, and of course, image quality is not necessarily the single most important feature of a camera. If you value a well-constructed ultra-compact ultra-cool camera with good low light capability and about 5 Megapixel resolution that has already been digitally enhance for beauty, then you would love this camera. Another truly valuable feature of this camera, is that it can zoom while recording video. I know of no other compact digital camera that can do this - including previous Sony models. Downloading photos and video to a computer is lightning fast, although I was using the more expensive high-speed version of Sony's proprietary memory stick that only works with Sony products.Cons: This is a very expensive 5 megapixel camera. It has no USB port - you must use the bulky proprietary cable provided with it. You cannot charge it using the cable - you must remove the battery and place it in the charger unless you buy the cradle that is not included. The touch screen is the only way to switch between photo and video modes - which is as clunky as it sounds. It is easy to accidentally touch a button on the screen. If you make the screen bright enough to be usable on a sunny day, then the battery life seems like about 30-40 minutes. Like most cameras, the video format is not compatible with the iPod Touch. It uses Sony's proprietary memory stick that only works with Sony products.Later this month you can choose from the new DSC-T500 or DSC-T700. The DSC T700 is actually slightly less capable (only 4X zoom) but is slimmer. The DSC-T500 is impressive because it adds stereo sound recording and 720p high definition video. It also moves the photo/video switch back to an actual physical switch.I hope Sony improved the image quality on these new models, but their web site implies no such improvement. In fact I pointed out to Sony Tech support that their press release boasted that T700 images could be enlarged to 8X10, which is a tacit admission of poor image quality because a true 10 Megapixel camera should be capable of twice that. Sony subsequently changed their story to claim their images could be enlarged to A3 size - but did they improve these two cameras at the last minute - or did they simply change their marketing literature?