I've had the Nikon 8800 for a few weeks and I thought I'd post some comments on the camera. Years ago I worked as a still photographer (large format) and have had many years of experience with film cameras. My previous digital cameras were: Olympus 360, Canon G2, Minolta Z1, Sony U30. The Nikon 8800 represents my first serious jump into a more capable digital camera.I give the camera a thumbs up, but Nikon made some mistakes that might give pause to some shooters.1) The autofocus system is good, but falls short of other cameras I've used. It is easily fooled with less than ideal situations. Even choosing AF area can leave you with soft shots from time to time. Overall you can achieve a high success rate, but my tiny Pentax Optio S5I has a superior AF system WITHOUT the AF assist light. In side by side tests, the Minolta Z1 and Pentax could both grab focus (in CERTAIN situations) when the 8800 couldn't. This is not to say that the AF system on the 8800 is poor. It's just not as good as it should be for a camera on this level. I've already read of other complaints regarding low-light focus issues in other forums and you'll see plenty more if you search around.2) Luckily, Nikon knew this would be a camera for the more serious shooter and added a manual focus. Amazingly it is all but totally useless. A unmarked bar indicates focus position and it's quite vague. With it's electronic finder, you have many soft shots using the manual focus. The Nikon manual mentions sharp outlines when in focus, but like other users I can't see this. Not adding a distance scale is a crime and a actual focus ring would have made this camera a killer! To make matters more insulting Nikon didn't even add a focus area enlargement in EVF found on sub 300 dollar cameras. My Optio S5I has a usable manual focus, but the 8800 doesn't???3) The SB600 and 800 flash will work with the 8800!!! Yay! I knew that the flash units had a better AF assist light that would aid the focus situation and, of course, make for better indoor shots. WRONG. The AF assist feature set on the 600/800 WON'T WORK with the 8800. This was confirmed by Nikon tech support. So I must pay full price for 75% of a flash?4) Nikon chose to at least delay your chances of buying aftermarket lens add ons with it's unique filter thread. Bzzzzzz! Nikon wasn't too bright and brought accessories to market late. Go to the Nextphoto sight and save money and expand your choices.5) A two inch LCD would have been nice, though the 1.8 is "enough."6) The 8800 optics will NOT match the D70 for ultimate sharpness and detail. No way, no how. It's the price you pay for the long zoom. But we all knew that!7) I really wanted the battery grip...but 169.00 for a plastic shell??? It feels cheap, especially the buttons. Shockingly so. Even the guy at B&H; Photo laughed at it! Buy the flash instead as that will actually expand the camera's capability. The AF Assist light on the 8800 is not in the best place and can be easily obscured by a finger.9) This is no lightweight camera of course. I bought the tiny Optio S5I for those times when I might not want to lug the 8800 around. My friend with an 8800 felt the same way and bought the slightly larger Sony L1. (Off Topic, The L1 and Optio are fine little snapshot cameras!)NOW, reading all of this you might think that I hate the 8800. Not so. It's a great camera and I have taken shots of my new baby with it that are jaw dropping. I suppose that the flaws are more glaring in light of how much of the camera is done right. It is a ultra capable prosumer unit with excellent feel and tremendous ability. This is a great camera to own while waiting for the DSLR field to improve and become more affordable.I hope this review was helpful to some of you. I'd like to hear other detailed user comments, especially regarding low light focus issues.Happy shooting!Capt RB