This brand new entry from Olympus still is not widely known. But along with its little brother, the SP-600UZ, it offers the most features at one of the lowest prices of any "hybrid" camera (top-end point-and-shoots that approach the quality at nowhere near the price of SLRs).Frequent promotions lower the typical shelf price of the SP-800UZ from approximately $349 to approximately $289. The 600UZ is about $100 less, but offers fewer options at reduced quality, and a zoom only half as powerful.What is to like about Olympus' new flagship? A LOT!Start with the largest lens ever on a point-and-shoot. Zoom factor always is the first feature I look for, and this is the first hybrid to reach the 30x mark. That gives MUCH flexibility for your shots, no matter the setting or subject.The second-most important feature for me is burst-shot capacity. Again Olympus shatters the standard, moving from the previous offering of one setting to five! Three are the traditional rapid-fire exposures, offering fast, faster, and fastest. At the other extreme is a setting that takes almost portrait quality shots, but with much quicker recovery time between exposures. It really is not a true burst, but a cross between burst and automatic settings.The fifth burst setting is the feature I find most useful. This sets the camera to take a quick a very short pause between each exposure to refocus and recalibrate for changes in lighting and distance. The result is much higher quality shots than with typical burst with little sacrifice of continuity.Of course all the burst settings sacrifice some of the lens excellence and flexibility offered by the special settings. However, shots still are good quality (and can be edited to become even better). And when shooting dynamic settings, such as picnics and birthday parties (but NOT fast-action sports), you are likely to get -- even if by the law of averages --  at least one good-to-excellent shot per burst.The significant negative to this otherwise wonderful camera is the ease of use. So many features are packed into the sturdy, lightweight and excellently shaped build that making them all easily accessable proved to be a challenge so far unmet.Once found, the features are excellent and give wonderful flexibility in composing and exposing your pictures.Video capability is the other most common -- but to me unfair -- criticism. The video feature is greatly improved from previous Olympus models. However, do not make the mistake of thinking this will replace or substitute for a video camera.This is a single-shot camera! It also is capable of capturing moving images and sound, but not nearly at the level of its single exposures.Overall, this model's power (size of lens, 14 mp exposures, flash flexibility, and long-lasting batteries that re-charge quickly from typical outlet converter or more slowly within the camera when connected by USB cable to a computer)and features (variety of exposure, style, and effects settings) make the SP-800UZ almost untouchable in its market niche.Factor in the regular price reductions, and to me the choice is clear. The Olympus SP-800UZ is easily the best buy in its class.