I bought this camera as a complete newbie to photography. My sum total of knowledge about photography was: keep extraneous junk out of the shot, fill the frame with your subject, and... that's it. I took pictures with my Olympus C740 UZ in full auto mode, and could not tell you the difference between an f-stop and a flame thrower. However, my plan was to become an accomplished amateur photographer ASAP. Once the camera was on order I got Bryan Peterson's book, "Understanding Exposure" and read it cover to cover. Wow! If you consider yourself a beginner, get this book today. Read its' reviews here on Amazon, this is what you need to understand a tremendous amount about photography in, literally,  the first half an hour of reading. So, because of that book, I was not the least bit intimidated by the EOS 7D, and was up and running taking pictures immediately. And, by the way, the mode dial has been in aperture priority, shutter priority, or manual since day one. As far as I'm concerned, "auto" and "creative auto" don't exist. I went from knowing absolutely nothing about photography to having a firm grasp of the essentials in a week, with this camera and Bryan Peterson's book. As a complement to the camera I also got at the same time Doug Sahlin's book, "Canon EOS 7D for Dummies". It is an excellent accompaniment to the camera manual, and, like Peterson's book, full of good general photography basics. If you have anything on the ball at all, you can become a photographer with this camera and those two books. From this base, you can then continue to hone your skills and learn forever. So my point is not to talk about the camera, but to tell any beginner they can use THIS camera starting from a base of no knowledge and with diligent study learn very quickly. If it is in your budget, you don't need to go from a point and shoot to a "bridge" camera to a DSLR. If you are serious, want to learn, and have the scratch, you can start right here.I have had this camera for eight days and learned and practiced the following things I never knew in that time: What f-stop is and how it affects depth of field; how to use shutter speed to stop or imply motion; what ISO is and how it can affect picture quality; how white balance works and when and how to modify it; using exposure compensation and exposure bracketing, and how to combine those with filters in unusual lighting situations; when and why to use a tripod with slow shutter speeds; how to take great macros without a macro lens using a 50 mm prime lens and an extension tube; how to use direct flash, bounce flash, fill flash, ring flash, and off camera flash for macros, portraits etc. to eliminate shadows and balance exposures. Why you don't use a wide angle lens for portraits! The list goes on but the point is you can do it too. So don't be afraid to buy a "scary" camera, just roll up your sleeves and learn. Also, get a Cotton Carrier to carry the camera around, you don't want this thing hanging on your neck! Cotton Carrier is a vest that securely clips the camera to your chest, it is a necessity in my opinion, put Cotton Carrier in a search engine and peruse his website. I took a "Macro Walk" yesterday with it and it is the best! No sore neck.Anyway if you want to know more about the camera itself there is plenty of info here, but I just want beginners to know you can succeed with this awesome machine.