In the mere 9 years since I had my first child, baby monitors have changed drastically.  I remember the first baby monitor we had consisted pretty much of a microphone on one end, a speaker on the other, with a terrible, static filled, unencrypted wireless connection in between.  When I first saw this set, I thought that this would be a huge improvement over the old mic and speaker system.  While this set is pretty awesome in some ways, it does fall short in others.The set I received consisted of a stationary camera, a pan/tilt camera, and a receiver/display.I set up the cameras in various locations around the house.  I found that I did not have any reception problems with having the cameras a floor beneath me and on the other side of the house as long as I had the antenna on the receiver extended.  With the receiver antenna left down, communication with cameras on a different floor would occasionally cut in and out.The quality of the optics was acceptable.  I thought the night vision capabilities were astounding.  When I first began testing the system, I actually checked to make sure I did not leave lights on in one of my child's rooms.  While the receiver has a color display, I thought the daytime optics were only acceptable.  On the pan-tilt camera, it looked like the color is washed out and faint.  I honestly cannot tell if the stationary camera is even color.  I suspect that it is.  However, the image transmitted seems to be black and white with just the faintest touch of color to it.The audio on the system is where I feel this monitor is really lacking.  If you set the monitor next to a TV or a radio that is constant and loud, you can hear the noise over the monitor.  However, faint noises like a child starting to fuss or rustling covers do not seem to be picked up and transmitted via the camera systems to the monitor.  Even with the receiver volume turned all the way up, faint sounds are still very faint.The system does make a chirping noise by default when it senses noise in a room.  This does make up for the lack of audio somewhat.  If you are up for the day and are listening to the monitor, then the noise will get your attention.  However, when I was sleeping, the chirp alert was not enough to wake me up.The receiver has a scan feature that at first seemed ideal for nighttime use.  The scan feature scans the cameras on the system.  The screen on the receiver is blacked out until the scan algorithm senses noise.  This seemed great at first and does seem to do a decent job.  However, while playing with the units, I found I could stand in the room and talk directly at the camera in a normal conversational voice and the scan mode would not pick it up.  Other times, my dog could be outside barking and the scan mode would sense it.  When the system had the screen off and was waiting, I can hear what sounded like faint electrical interference coming from the receiver speaker.  I do not think it would bother me to have on at night, but it could be annoying if you are a light sleeper in a quiet house.The receiver does have a "talk" button you can push to talk through the speaker of the active camera.  I found that when someone talks via this mechanism, their voice does come through quite well.  However, you cannot talk and listen at the same time.  When you release the talk button, there is a delay before you can hear on the system again.  This makes any attempt at a two way conversation over the system quite difficult, especially with young children who do not realize they need to wait a few seconds before responding.The tilt-pan camera is a very cool toy.  I am sure some people would find it useful.  It has provided me entertainment letting me follow the dog around the room at night when I am working (I work the graveyard shift at home).  While it is a very cool camera, I am not sure if it is a must have feature.I personally did not test the Skype and recording features.  I do not use Skype and I did not have the urge to record sleeping kids, though I can see some bonuses to this feature.If the company were to fix the audio issues on the camera, I think this would be an awesome set.  As it currently functions, I think the set is good, but people need to be aware of the systems inability to pick up, transmit, and amplify faint noises.  Zoom abilities would be a nice touch, but the lack of zoom does not affect the functionality in my opinion.