I use a dslr when I intend to shoot and only rarely use a point and shoot. The reason I got this cam was to have something small to carry around for the "just in case" moments; for example, on Christmas day I went disc golfing in the snow, and it would have been nice to take a few pics to post on facebook. The problem was that there was no way I was going to lug my 20d with a $700 dollar lens around in the snow for a few hours to get a few random pics. So I hit wal-mart and looked for something small, that took regular batteries, and could be stuck in a pocket or disc golf bag, and was cheap. This cam was the lowest priced item to fit the bill.I'm not a pro, but I regularly use a 20d or 40d (canon rules in dslr cams), have good glass, use a good flash, shoot only in RAW mode, fairly proficient in photo shop, and spend a good deal of time taking pics and post processing, so I have pretty high standards. I've also had a few p&s;'s, which take good pics in daylight, horrible pics indoors, and with the flash, take horrible pics in the opposite direction. So here's my review.....not comparing to dslr's, but in getting a decent pic in situations where you're not intending to shoot, but tucked a cam in your pocket just in case something interesting pops up.I set the cam up for the highest quality jpeg (memory is cheap, 4 gig cards are only $10 and hold over 500 pics). put the cam in auto mode, and disabled the flash. The controls are dirt simple, and except for the jpeg quality, can all be done easily with the buttons on the back of the cam. ISO is set internally and you can't mess with it; it seems to stay on the low end, which is normal for outdoors, gives a seemingly slow shutter speed indoors. With a little care to hold steady, I got fairly sharp pics at 1/6 sec shutter speed ( slow shutter leads to blur because you move during the time it takes to snap the shot). There is obvious noise reduction built in which give the pictures a "smooth" look, but cuts out a lot of the graininess that you get shooting indoors. All this means that the pics kind of have a little blurry look inside in low light, but for what your using, it's not all that bad. It looks to me that the outside pics have a touch of this also, but still yields acceptable pics. Outside, the auto white balance is good, inside during the day auto seems good too. Night need the setting changed to the type of lighting and its pretty good. If you don't change it you get the reddish orange hue to the pics. If you use the flash, you get that blown out look all p&s;'s have; too me it's just not pleasing. The exposure comp. matches what you see in the display and lets you get decent shots when theres back light situations. If you're a post processor you can get even dramatically better results if you know what you're doing.Overall, knowing what the limitations of this kind of cam are, I am impressed. If you understand exposure and how light works, you can get pretty darn good shots with a few button clicks. If you don't, the auto mode guesses what you're trying to do and gets it mostly right. If you are serious about photography, these types of cams aren't for you as a primary cam. If you're looking for something better than a phone camera thats cheap and easy to use, this fits the bill. If you're a serious photography looking for something that stays in the glove box or a coat pocket so you can get a shot without having something the size of a toaster hanging around your neck, this is a good cheap solution.