I bought this camera about a year and a half ago. This camera has gret manual features i can't be happier with them. This camera is not for someone who is only gonna take it out to bars or on camping trips just to shoot your friends and maybe some landscape. Every camera can do that well. This one is for people who like to play with manual settings and experiment in photography without paying $1000 for a huge camera with changable lenses, but also want the auto features for regular pictures.PROS Digital zoom is amazing i took closup of the moon although it's grainy no other digital camera can do that that i've seen. I used this camera to take photos of my 3D senior portfolio and out of 10 students my I was the only one not having trouble shooting great pictures! haha everyone kept asking what kind of camera i have. Panarama is great. Video shooting is great with sound, quality is very good. I even have taken photos with sound which came out amazing when i took a picture of a peacock and the noise it was making recorded as well. The premade Scenes are limited to :Portrait, Sport, Landscape+Portrait, Landscape, and Night Scene. I've used Sport and Portrait and landscape the most. Night Scene is useless to me it just turns the flash on for night shots which i dont like. I've used a trip pod with this camera to take pictures of NYC at night and they came out beautiful. Portraits come out great.Has features like SEPIA and Black and white shooting as well as rotating your pictures and editing them right on the camera (i dont do that)ISO goes from 80 to 400 newer cameras go up to 800Has the burst shooting by holding down the button it takes consecutive pictures until u take your finger off, great for sports so you don't miss a good frame.Brightness of the flash is adjustable and can be changed to Red eye reduction as well as 1st curtain and 2nd curtain flash (does that make sense?) Has noise reduction feature (on and off) you can turn the AF on and off.I discovered this recently it has MANUAL FOCUS which is great. sometimes the camera can't focus on what you are trying to shoot (if it's too close and its too dark) and you can manually focus it with your arrows! (takes a little longer though)White balance features : Light bulb, Clouds, Sun, and 3 manual ones you can set. You can adjust sharpness, saturation and contrast (before you take the pic)Macra and Super macra is AMAZING!!! i already posted some pics and i've taken lots and it hasn't failed. captures details you CANNOT see with your eyes!Languages: English, french, spanish, portugesecan change the volume on the camera or set it off. has shortcut buttons you can pick, date, pixel mapping, AE/AF: spot metering and ESP. of course timer to take self photoshas P for auto shooting. M for manual. S for just manual shutter speed. A for just manual Apeture. My Scenes you can set 4 of your own manual settings and it will remember them, Scene, Video, and playback.also has AEL dont know what that is yet lol.Cons:-This camera did not come with a case of any sort and they didn't even sell any separately. I had to buy a canon one!-It's bigger than most digital cameras out there, so i dont take it out much with me, its a hassle to carry around on a daily basis. But it's smaller than the big manual cameras which is great.-When shooting with limited light or indoors the autofocus focuses for upto 5 seconds just to pick up a focus. it's really annoying and takes too much time. Canon focuses REALLY fast even in low light and quality is better but i'd still pick this camera it's way more advanced.-Pictures with no flash indoors come out grainy.The Flash button pops UP when you turn it on which is kinda funny lookingI will be posting more pictures so look out for those :)