I bought the SX20is primarily because my video requirements were becoming too demanding for my S3is.  I do lots of video clips at band and orchestra concerts and the S3is could not do a full 20-minute orchestra piece due to file size limitations.  When I got the SX20is I assumed it was an "upgrade" to my previous S1is and SX3is and I liked those cameras very much.  What I found is that although the SX20is has better video capabilities I was very disappointed in the full auto mode (which I used a lot with my two previous cameras).  With the older cameras if you raised the flash the minimum shutter speed used in auto mode would be 1/60 which is enough to stop motion.  With the SX20is in full auto mode I have taken indoor flash photos of people who are standing still (posing) and had significant blur due to the slow shutter speed selected in auto mode (1/15 - 1/30).  I can't imagine why if the flash is raised and therefore will fire it chooses such a slow shutter instead of opening the aperture.  This has forced me to try to take all flash photos with the Tv shutter priority mode, but then I'm trying to guess/choose the slowest shutter to freeze the motion and I don't always get optimum settings.  Furthermore, I like to use auto mode so I don't have to study the situation and make changes on the dial of the camera and possibly forget that I made those changes when taking the next shot.  I use these cameras for travel, and I like using auto because I can stop and take a quick pic of the family in a restaurant, walk down a street in old town and take outdoor photos, then enter a cathedral and take indoor photos with flash, all without changing the settings.  Well, that's not going to work with the SX20 because every time I want to use the flash I will need to avoid auto mode and force a particular shutter speed by using TV.  Also, when using Tv for flash photos I cannot use face detection (which I like) or any of the other nifty features available in full auto mode.Although I haven't fully tested it yet, I also got some blurry photos of posing subjects outdoors on a cloudy day when I raised the flash (for fill) and the camera chose 1/30 shutter speed in full auto mode.  I tried some without the flash and did notice slow shutter on those too so at this point I have lots of ruined shots.  I wish the full auto mode had a setting where you could specify the minimum shutter speed to use yet have all of the other features of auto mode available.  The same problems with slow shutter exists if you use P (programmed auto) mode as well.The quality of the video and sound are great and I am not disappointed in this camera for video, but the auto mode for still photos is a problem for me.  If you like to take time to think and prepare for every shot and change the settings I'm sure the camera will perform, but if you are in a busy situation with changing scenes and needs don't count on full auto to  make the right decisions.  I still can't fathom why a hand-held indoor shot with flash should use a 1/15 shutter speed!