I purchased the A550 as a light backup for an extensive Olympus DSLR system. There are times when one wants a small camera just for snapshots or backpack, but more importantly for me, I want a 'safety net' that is easy to use, produces good results and uses a common power supply. Hence, after a lot of shopping around I purchased the 550.First, as a bottom line, the camera produces excellent results, even in its most simple 'point and shoot' mode. Images are sharp, clean and properly exposed (more reliable than my Oly dslr's), even when there is some backlighting present. It has a manual feature which permits exposure compensation, ISO selection and other settings. Its movie capabilities are impressive. It has an optical viewfinder for power saving and those situations where it is too bright to use the lcd for composition. The camera fires up quickly and it has easy to use menus that provide many options.My Olympus cameras all use a proprietary battery system that requires I haul around a charger and a couple of backup batteries. But they are power hogs. The A550 takes off-the-shelf AA alkaline batteries available anywhere. I use rechargeable Sanyo Eneloops or Rayovac hybrids and, frankly, I have no idea of how many photos I can take because I have never run them down. My guess is a couple of hundred shots using the lcd, maybe three or four hundred without. That's a lot of photography. A heck of a safety net. At a time when TSA is starting to restrict how many lithium camera batteries one can pack I say kudos to Canon for keeping a fine line of cameras running on both AA's and SD cards, rather than the miserable xD's preferred by Olympus and Fuji for their compacts.There are some other things I like. The camera has an optical zoom feature, which is generally pretty useless on most cameras. The A550s isn't brilliant, but I do find I can extend the telephoto maybe 50-100mm without too much loss of sharpness, cutting my need to manually crop later. I also find that I do not need to use it at its lowest compression to get excellent results up through 8x10" prints. Slap in a 2 meg SD card and you're good for well over a thousand shots.Quibbles. Of course there are always some. The flash unit takes up to 10 seconds to recycle, and the lcd isn't the sharpest kid on the block. And, I truly wish that Canon would give its compacts a bit more wide angle capability. 35mm is fine for most situations, but 28mm would be great for those of us who do landscapes and cityscapes. The sliding battery/memory card door is a tad on the flimsy side, but overall, the camera is well built.I understand that Canon has upgraded the 550. The 560 includes face recognition and other new features which I really don't care much about, but doubtless add to the functionality of the camera. At the end of the day I am very satisfied with what I have, and if you can find one at a rock bottom price (somewhere in the vicinity of $115-20) you just cannot go wrong.