[...] I am an avid lover of my Olympus Stylus 3000. This compact, and powerful little stylish bubble camera has been the answer to everything that I could possibly ask for.When Digital Camera's first came out onto the market my very first camera I received was a little digital Olympus from my dad as a gift..I bet it was something like 5mega pixels or something - but and I loved it too. I carried the little thing everywhere telling my story in self portraying photographs...Then somewhere along the lines I decided to take a photography course and upgraded to a Minolta DIMAGE A.2. The BEST on the market at that time (this was in 2004). It was 10 mega pixel SLR and I spent $1100 on that camera.... I hated it. I still dont really know how to use it. Not to mention that Minolta has now become extinct - so I couldnt even buy parts if I wanted to. For YEARS I had this Minolta this BiG honkin' piece of machinery.... That I simply hated carrying around...Now its 2010, and it was time for an upgrade. Really I was looking for a new still camera that I could compact with me everywhere I went, but there was a catch. I wanted video capacity and HD preferably... Something Cute, and not to expensive...Then TaDa! This little stylus perked up its little face on Amazon.com. Now the first thing that attracted me to this little Olympus was his price...he was comparably priced at approximately $200, and of course because I once had a Olympus before that I very much loved, we instantly had a connection. Then he continued to tell me about himself..."I'm waterproof" he said seductively. "You can carry me around with you, anywhere, and we will have an amazing time...you'll never have to worry about me because not only am I susceptible to water, up to 3 meters... but I'm also Shockproof" he said cockily to me. "I'm a Stylus Tough, and I'm one of a kind."How could I not fall in love with such a wonderful little camera?But before I could commit to him; I need to feel him, hold him in my hands and KNOW for sure that he was the one for me. So I looked around looking for my prince charming camera. I met many other camera's in the process... but none of them were stacking up to the stylus that I read about on Amazon.comThen Finally I found him! He came in 4 different colors to choose from, but I knew that I wanted him in Red. The clerk as he was showing him to me, was as charismatic as the camera, and I knew that we were a perfect fit. Today was the day that I getting my new little Olympus Stylus 3000!He was perfect to hold in my hand, and I liked that his lens was not retractable. To me, that was a feature that was less likely to cause me to send him away to the warranty hospital. His buttons on the back are rubberized and soft. Everything about this camera is fun and noninvasive. He has many "magic" features, and a wide arrange of capture settings such as `cuisine' and `pets'. My favorite setting is the pinhole, and popart in the magicbox. But you can also stencil and create coloring pages!The only downfall that I have about this little camera is uploading the video. The video feed is only compatible in Quicktime (MP4) and I have to convert all my videos in order to alter them in moviemaking which compromises the quality - quite a bit. And when you are recording video you cannot zoom. you can zoom before you start recording and it will work, but once the red little button has been pushed that's it! no changes missy! and unfortunately the features don't work in video either... so no popart videos :(Besides that, I highly recommend this Powerful little 12mp, Stylus Camera![...] Samantha is a part of what is arguably to be the World's Largest Internet Marketing School available. To learn More about Samantha and her team of Online Mentors and Marketeers and to learn how such a program can benefit you Visit [...]