I bought this camera a local department store before I found them online.  Amazon has a better price, but even for the price I paid it is a great value.  I wanted to buy a digital SLR but found they were a little more than I wanted to pay right now, but I needed a camera with more zoom than my pocket point and shoot.  I have a daughter in high school dance company and needed a camera that could take quality pictures of her when she is dancing on the football field or in the gym at a pep rally.  The Nikon L110 does the job nicely.  I got good, clear, crisp pictures of her on the field and in the gym. I also got some great video. The sound could be better though.  It might be better hooked up to the TV.  After reading some bad reviews on low light performance, I went around the house and took pictures without the flash, using different modes, trying to get a bad one and couldn't.  I even took a picture of my dog in a fairly dark room and got a decent image.  I also got a great shot of the moon without even using a tripod.  Other reviews complained of not having a manual mode or a viewfinder, but for me this is not a problem.  I'm not a good enough photographer to worry about that.  But I did see that the Nikon P100 has a mode for that if you are into it, and it's about $100 more.  So for the price, this is a great camera.  I'm thinking that the people with bad reviews might have just gotten a defective camera.  All in all, I think this is a great camera and a great price.Update:  I have ended up returning the camera for the Canon SX20is.  This Nikon still did take good pictures and great video,especially outside and inside in good light, but I found I wanted a little more control, as I am taking a photography class at the local college and wanted to learn more than what this camera has to offer.  Also, I began to experience what some other reviewers had issue with - after a few shots it will just freeze up and you can do nothing until you turn the camera off and then back on again.  Also, although only once, I turned the camera on and had a purple screen.  It would not go away until I turned it off and then back on again.  Also in comparison to the Canon - the colors on the screen were not as true and the Canon's.  But if you are looking for a point and shoot that is better than the compacts, this is still the one.Pros:  Camera not heavy at all, feels good in the hand  Large, bright LCD screen, I like that it takes AA batteriesCons:  Freezes up, sports mode only goes to 3mp, but does take pics fairly fast.Look for my review on the Canon SX20 IS