I've been using the 7D for about six months now, and while there are plenty of reviews I thought I'd add a couple of thoughts.  I was coming from a T1i, with which I had been shooting RAW, and not doing much (competent) post processing on the files.  The IQ results were good, and I primarily upgraded to the 7D for the better AF system, the weather sealing and better high ISO performance.The first thing I noticed as far as IQ was concerned is that the raw files looked, well, disappointing.  There seemed to be a lot more luminance noise than the T1i files, and the images seemed mushy and grainy.  I was concerned, but convinced myself that there was no way an upgrade like this could have worse IQ, and figured I had to be doing something wrong.  This went on for a while, and despite my fiddling in Lightroom I wasn't getting the results I felt the camera should deliver.  Then I started to actually learning how to do post-processing of RAW files properly, and the results I got improved dramatically.  The point of this story is that if you're shooting in RAW and coming from something like the T1i, you may find that the images require more detailed post processing than you're used to.  And if you aren't particularly good at post processing, you're going to have to get good at it if you're shooting in RAW.  I can't speak to the quality of the JPG output directly from the camera, as I have not used it at all.((Edit 5/25/11:  As I dig deeper into post-processing the RAW files from the 7D I have a bit of advice for those who will have to step up their post-processing game:  Learn to create presets in Lightroom (or whatever program you are using) that you can apply to common camera settings.  For instance, I can create a preset in Lightroom called "7D ISO 3200 Dark" that contains the noise reduction settings I commonly need when post-processing a RAW file shot at ISO 3200 in dark conditions.  Then I can apply this preset across the board to a batch of ISO 3200 files with one click - no more adjusting images individually, no more remembering what settings work best. (You can always tweak things more if needed.)  You can also setup the camera profile in Lightroom to apply these settings automatically upon import, if you wish.  Hopefully this tangent is helpful to people like myself who were finding it difficult to keep up with required post-production work on the 7D's RAW files.  The 7D RAW files force you to learn proper workflow, unless you have a lot of time to kill, or always shoot at ISO 100 in perfect conditions!))The AF system is great, can be tweaked in many ways to suit your needs, and really isn't that hard to learn if you read the manual and play with it for a while.  (Seriously, read the manual.  Twice.)  It's built like a tank, and is very comfortable to hold.  Weather sealing seems good - I've shot with it out in the rain with no cover and no issues.  Just take a little compressed air and blow all the water off when you're done.  Almost all the buttons on the camera can be reconfigured, should you wish to do so.  For instance I've always found the DoF preview button not terribly helpful, so I changed it to be a toggle between One Shot and AI Servo AF modes.  (Good for when you're shooting stills and then you want to switch to action without pressing several buttons/turning dials.)  The C1, C2 & C3 modes are also great for saving exact camera configurations for frequently encountered shooting circumstances.  (Whatever they may be, depending on the individual.)I would caution against purchasing this camera for high ISO purposes.  While the noise can be tamed in post processing, you're not going to be blown away by the quality.  (Unless your current camera is 5 years old.)  If high ISO is the most important thing in the world to you, save up for a 5D MkII (or III if it ever comes out).  You may also want to hold the camera to see if you're going to be comfortable with the size and weight.  (I think it's great, others may find it to be a bit of a beast.)  Finally, with a million options/settings/customizations/buttons, make sure you want a camera with all this functionality (and corresponding complexity).  If you're just going to set it on full auto, your money could probably be better spent elsewhere.  (And you may save yourself some frustration.)So overall a very nice piece of equipment, with a very rich feature set.Edit 5/25/11:The ability to trigger off-camera flash is fantastic.  This opens up a whole new confusing world of lighting to learn, but you can do some really cool things.Also worth mentioning are two other things that I really like about this camera:First, I find the light meter to be great.  Unless conditions are particularly difficult the camera does an excellent job, and I often find myself surprised that it handled the metering of a particular situation as well as it did.  I've actually turned off automatic review on the LCD at this point.  I take a shot of a scene, check it to make sure I don't need any major adjustments, and then just shoot.  Worry about reviewing things later.Second, I almost never take this thing off auto white balance.  I know some reviews have mentioned that AWB isn't great on the 7D, particularly under tungsten lighting.  I haven't found this to be the case - in fact sometimes I change the WB to suit the conditions and find the results are actually worse than what I was getting on AWB.  So I leave it there, and can tweak the WB easily in post if necessary.