I have researched cameras for a while now, with my own personal experiences in all of the large brands...kodak, sony, canon, nikon... and i have to say all of them are inferior to this camera. the z55 is awesome.  below i have listed pros and cons for casio, most of which are greatpros1)everything the camera states is true, battery life is phenominal, ive taken 450+ pictures and then it dies, it would definately last a weeks trip to the mountains2)very sturdy its strong and can eaisly be slipped into a purse.there is no need to worry about breaking it because it has a hard coat lcd screen, meaning theres a little peice of plastic on the screen, protecting it from scratches and harm.definate plus for me3) very handsom and very shique, its a subtle silver (looks like the silver ipod except little lighter) with little peices of polished metal surrounding the edges and lens.. very sophisticated4) ergonomics were good... i usually take pictures with one hand, i never felt like it would drop, it has a little grip on the front and the back is recessed to fit your hand comfortably. however i highly suggest using the wrist strap just in case it does fall5) THIN, wow its pretty small, its about the size of a credit card and is about 8/10 of an inch thick, overall its tiny6) outdoor picture quality is awesome, bright, clear, and macro (close up pictures) are the best ive seen in any compact camera, i can take pictures of a fly and see the hair on it :) wow!7)lcd is very big, however it is low resolution, but in my oppinion who cares? i dont have to squint and i laugh at all the 1.5 lcds :)8)menu system i think its the best in the market, lets you control ALMOST everything- saturation, contrast, flash, and 23 preset picture modes, thats crazy (sunset, flowers, food, parties)!!!9)its fast! it focuses fairly fast one second and takes another second to write to the cardcons :(1)indoor picture is grainy, i have to set it at 50 iso to get decent quality, still nice but your going to need a lot of light around2)for best results indoor it requires flash, this is a definite con for me since i like to work with natural light3)white balance has got issues, you have to adjust it when your inside, or else you get a yellow tint, very minor but kind of annoyingoverall i think this is the best camera on the market, its small, cool, great featres, beautiful picture quality, awesome macro mode, built to last and its battery lasts a good 1-3 weeks, at least (with the lcd and flash on too)... most of the issues are for indoor only(although still very nice), so if you take most pictures outside, this is perfect.  in my oppinion i was doubtful when i first bought it, wanted a sony or canon for brand but i highly doubt they could contend with the z55, this is an overall good product, although it might not be for everyone, try it out before you buy it. dont think that this reveiw isnt trust worthy just cause im a kid, i know more about cameras than most adults:) seriously...  hope this helps :)