This is a great camera for amateurs.  I've owned mine now for 6 months and it's still working great.  This is the top of the line for Canon's entry level SLRs.  I would highly recommend this camera if you're looking at upgrading from a compact camera, or if you're thinking about going with the cheaper compact cameras.  Keep in mind that the number of MPs isn't the most important thing.  The size of the sensor is much more important.  If one camera has the same number of MPs, but its sensor is smaller, it's trying to cram the same number of pixels into a smaller area, which greatly increases the noise you'll see in your photos (especially at higher ISOs for lower light settings).One caution to users.  Do NOT buy this camera primarily for its HD video capabilities, unless you don't mind using manual focus or having the auto-focus be audible in your video.  The quality of the video is great, and the sound isn't even bad; however, using the standard lens, it's difficult to video anything without using the auto-focus.  And if you video with the auto-focus, you will hear it on your video.  I mainly use the video when I don't have my Sony Handycam handy and I really need to video something.  Also, another caution, is that HD video will eat up a lot of your available SD card space.  I have a 16GB, and any substantial amount of video time will greatly deplete how many pictures you can take.There is a brand new user interface that comes along with this camera, and I must say, I actually prefer the T1i user interface to the user interfaces on the pro cameras (i.e. 40D, 5D, etc.).  If it's been awhile since I've used the pro version, I forget how to get to certain options on the camera--but with the T1i, I can get right where I need to go without even thinking!  Also, the LCD is bigger than on the pro versions, which makes it easier to view the photos on the camera later.Outside the US this camera is sold as the 500D.  With so many up to date features and the same sensor as the 50D, I can't see why anyone would choose a 50D over this one.Unlike the pro versions, the T1i uses a SD Card instead of the compact flash.  I actually like this, because it's more portable, and you can get a lot more memory for the price compared to a compact flash.  I just have a USB reader that takes the SD Card, which means I can put the pictures onto anyone's computer (especially laptops).  This is handy if you're visiting someone and want to leave pictures on their computer so you don't have to send them a CD or DVD when you get home.  With a 16GB SD Card, you can hold a bit over 2000 highest quality (non-raw) photos.This camera is lighter than the pro versions.  This came in handy when I was backpacking through the rain forest.The grip on the camera is good for amateurs, but you get a better grip with the pro versions.DO NOT BUY THE OFF-BRAND BATTERIES!  I bought two of the off-brand batteries for this camera, and I almost broke the camera trying to get them out of the camera.  They do not fit very well.  I went out and got an extra battery, this time using the Canon brand, and had no problems getting it in and out of the camera.Bottom line, if you're looking for an SLR, but don't need anything as pricey as the pro versions, choose this one.  You will not be disappointed.