I've had the Rebel for about a month now, and it's been an amazing blast up the photography learning curve for me. It is my first SLR, though fortunately my third digicam, and ... well, wow, what a great camera to learn on.I'd like to just run down the "cons" listed by a different reviewer below (or above? how do they order these things? ;-):- "to minimize cannibalization of 10D sales, the 300D has been pre-programmed to have less flexibility (forced AI focus, forced evaluative metering, etc)"  * This general point is true, but it is rarely an issue for me, at least. You can override evaluative metering, you can fool it into Servo AF mode (and the "sports mode" pushes it into Servo AF mode as well), etc. The only thing I miss is mirror lock-up, for long-exposure dusk shots ... but hey, that just isn't worth the $600 and .75 pound tax I'd pay for the 10D.- no spot metering.  * Not true. Locking exposure (holding the '*' button) yields spot metering in most modes, though the "spot" is about 9% of the FoV. - low noise levels at ISO 1600.  * The Rebel has the same sensor and image processing goo as the 10D, and the 10D reputatedly has some of the lowest noise at any given ISO. ISO 1600 is pretty darn fast, some noise is inevitable.- no flash exposure compensation.  * Yeah, this stinks a bit -- but at least you can get it with one of the EX flashes.- cannot fine-tune white balance.  * Not sure what "fine tune" means here -- you can set it to "Custom white balance" and read off of a white source (e.g. white card, paper), and it retains that custom setting (even through on/off cycles of the camera). - make sure you don't open the memory door while the camera is writing into the flash memory or else you will lose everything that's left in the internal memory buffer.  * Never have run into this being an issue -- opening the memory door is quite an unnatural action, I can't really see it ever happening accidentally, and the big red flashing light would be a reminder not to do it intentionally.- plastic body with compartment doors that should be meatier.  * Metal (zinc) would be heavier, and the Rebel is plenty durable -- I crashed my mountain bike at 20mph with this sucker on my hip. I rolled onto it and cracked the filter, bent the lens, but the body was only scratched a little, and continues to work perfectly.- LCD has no anti-reflective coating.  * My theory has always been that you can't see diddly on the LCD anyway. The real benefit on the 300D is that you can set the pic review mode to show the "info" screen, which includes the histogram -- this is VERY useful for checking to see if you have the exposure right without having to squint at a tiny LCD screen and guessing. - reduced continuous shooting rate and buffer size (2.5 fps for max 4 images) vs the 10D.  * Again, another thing you get with the additional $600 ... but compared to the other digicams I've owned, this one feels like a rocket!- ISO sensitivity not displayed on viewfinder status bar while being changed.  * It is displayed on the external LCD, however. I do wish that it was always visible on the LCD (not just when changing), as it's a little too easy to set it to, say, 400 in some low light situation, and then forget it's there and only remember when you note, several days later, that "wow, that shutter speed sure is short ..."- no flash memory provided so add a few $$ to your budget to get at least 128MB.  * Included flash cards are virtually always too small and basically get tossed.- proprietary battery - again, a few more bucks for a spare.  * Are there any "large" cameras that take, say, AA's? Not many ... the BP-512 that the Rebel uses is a SWEET battery, too, in terms of life.