I have two of these cameras installed and running in my home, and I'm quite satisfied with them. Stability has been really good - over several weeks operation, using FTP Upload and Send Email on triggering, I haven't experienced the wireless dropout problems that some have reported.  I'm impressed with the setup flexibility available. My units are installed in corners, about seven feet high, mounted upside down.  The Mirror Vertical/Horizontal options make that a workable arrangement.It takes some time and expertise to set the cameras up, but the results are well worth the time.  I can check the cameras or change settings and positioning from anywhere via the Trendnet browser extension, or look and select presets from my iPhone via the Eyecam app.  The infrared capability is useful, as long as you are viewing over a very short distance.  It can't do a thing for a fully darkened room, though.  I'm considering getting a more powerful LED infrared lamp to provide full room lighting. Motion Detection works well, as long as distance to the motion is small, or nominal room lighting is available.There are a few minor shortcomings.  The 12v power adapter cord is too short to reach from the mounted position to a normally positioned wall plug, even if it is directly below the camera.  I ended up installing concealed duplex outlets inside the walls, with a double low voltage mounting wall bracket and cover plate for access, with flex plastic tubing from the plug area to the camera, for easy removal and replacement if the adapters should ever fail.  The orientation of the AC prongs on the adapter makes it impossible to plug them in with this inside-the-wall arrangement on a normal outlet, but a new duplex outlet made by 360electrical saved the day for me.  It allows the receptacles to be rotated, which worked like a champ to solve this unique problem.  To make the appearance of the cameras on the wall less unsightly, I also painted white over the black 12 volt cord from the rear of the cameras to the wall opening, and the black mounting screws. Not a big deal, but it really improves the appearance of the units.  I just wish Trendnet made a glass cover for the unit, though.The Listen feature works, but seems a bit weak to me.  I haven't tried the Talk feature, but it requires an attached powered speaker, and I don't see enough value in it for me to make that investment in time and money to set it up.UPDATE 1/4/11 - After over a year of zero problems keeping my cameras up and running on wireless connections, and NO disconnects, I replaced my Belkin n+ Router with a new Linksys E3000 a few days ago.  Since that changeover, I am now up to my ears in disconnects on both of my cameras.  I've been trying everything I can think of on the new router configuration, but nothing has improved it so far. I don't think signal strength is an issue, as one of the cameras is within 12 feet, or so, of the router.  I'm toying with using the old Belkin as an access point if I can't resolve the connection problem between the Linksys and the Trendnets.