I bought this camera because of the ability to plunk it in the water. . . But I'm still returning it as you will read.  I consider myself a skilled serious amateur photographer and currently own two Panasonic Lumix cameras (LX-1 & LX-2). When I shoot photos I am apt to change the exposure value for photos, consciously choose the f-stop and shutter speed when the conditions are less than ideal, and I am highly conscious of lighting and framing issues.  But I swim and wanted to take underwater movies for my stroke analysis.  I earlier bought a DiCAPac plastic enclosure for my Panasonic but decided to stop using the enclosure after the plastic began to tear along the opening seam.  So when I found the Olympus 1030SW I thought great! I can shoot underwater movies without a housing!  The Good. . . . I really like the shadow compensation technology.  You can actually accomplish it in the computer but it is kind of cool to have it as a feature in the camera.  I also like the length of time that the battery lasts before it needs to be recharged.  The camera has a led light that you can choose to illuminate macro shots. This is a great feature if you  intend to do close up macro shots. You can use the led as an emergency small light in the hotel room on vacation (if you can find the button).  There is also a built-in alarm clock that could be quite handy. THe arrow pad control was intuitive.  The camera has built in controls to modify or manipulate images (black and white, cropping, framing it, color manipulation) for those who don't have a computer.  I do, however, question the ability to actually see the image well enough on the camera screen to intelligently modify the image in the camera.  The not so good. . . . The most annoying feature of the camera is that you must be very careful that you don't put your finger in front of the lens window.  It's very easy to do; I know, I did it even though I was aware of the problem.I do understand that this camera is designed to be used by the occasional photographer, but at $350 (I paid $400 at Amazon when it first came out) it seems that there should be at least some ability to consciously choose some settings without having to go into the "Mode Dial" "SCN" selection menu to find a comparable scene.  The Mode Dial has the following settings:AUTO: "Shooting pictures with full automatic settings. The camera determines the optimum settings for the shooting conditions automatically" It changes ISO [sensitivity and color balance settings I think] - This is basically the point and shoot mode.Program auto: "Set the optimum aperture value and shutter speed. The camera automatically sets the optimum aperture value and shutter speed for the brightness of the subject."  I didn't really try to figure it out, but I never did understand the difference between AUTO and PROGRAM AUTO modes.IMAGE STABILIZATION MODE: "Shooting pictures using digital image stabilization. This function reduces the blur caused by a moving subject or camera movement when taking pictures."  So I wonder why there is a mode just for this rather than having a single button to turn it on and off? So is it like the Program Auto, or the Auto mode with image stabilization? Quien sabe?SCN mode: "Shoot pictures by selecting a scene mode according to the situation. You can shoot pictures by selecting a scene mode according to the situation."  So there are more than a dozen "scenes" that you are supposed to scroll down through to find one similar to the one you are going to shoot.  Here's the list "PORTRAIT / LANDSCAPE / LANDSCAPE +PORTRAIT / NIGHT SCENE*1 /NIGHT+PORTRAIT*1 / SPORT / INDOOR / CANDLE*1 / SELF PORTRAIT /AVAILABLE LIGHT*1 / SUNSET*1 / FIREWORKS*1 / CUISINE / BEHIND GLASS /DOCUMENTS / AUCTION*2 / SHOOT & SELECT1*2 / SHOOT & SELECT2*3 /BEACH & SNOW / PRE-CAPTURE MOVIE / UNDERWATER SNAPSHOT*4 /UNDERWATER WIDE1*4 / UNDERWATER WIDE2*4*5 / UNDERWATER MACRO".  So what is a poor bloke to do?  I know.  "Oh wait! Let me shoot the picture of you, Johnnie, blowing out the candles. Margot! Tell him to wait!  Now, Hmmm.  Where was that mode? I know there supposed to be a way to take a picture of my kiddie blowing out a candle if you'll just give me a minute to find it. . . . "  Methinks the various scenes that you can select thru the SCN mode probably address lighting issues, light color issues, etc. But still! It is too impractical to use it. I doubt many will ever use it though Olympus may try to push it as a selling point.  Now, we come to the reason that I returned the camera.  I play golf as well so today I went to use the camera in the movie mode for the first time in order to record my swing on video[swimming was to be later this week].  I had already set the camera to the VGA movie mode but when I pushed the button it turns out that you can only record ten seconds of video in VGA mode! That's ridiculous.  There must be a lack of horsepower under the hood that it can't stream that resolution to the memory card, but it can in the QVGA mode since the resolution is less good. So, when I go to Hawaii in a couple of months and I want to shoot a video of my wife snorkeling with the dolphins in the water I'll be able to get ten seconds of video. Sounds peachy keen! That combined with the the dismal ability to choose the aperture and f-stop make it a sure returner for me. So sorry. . . :(So, I'm returning it despite the fact I bought a silicone skin, two extra batteries and two 2gb memory cards.