OK, I picked a cheezey title but this camera is way more amazing than some are giving credit for.  Occasionally I'll get a blurry pic if I'm not careful but most of them are way beyond what I expected.  I've had a walking person in mixed light turn out blurry, probably, because I wiggled or because of the mixed light but I also caught a mountain waterfall with bits of flying water stunningly frozen in time.I have a nice Canon XTi DSLR and a very nice lens for it that I got for nature photography.  Trouble is, on most backpacking trips I have enough weight already so I bought this little GE jewel for portability that I could keep handy in a front pocket.  Unless I expect to need serious magnification, the DSLR will stay home and might even get sold if idle for too long.I'd read in one or two reviews that having the camera set on full 9MP might make it more apt to blur so I set it on 5MP for now.  Honestly, the menu is not so difficult if you study it a little.  It is definitely way easier than most I've seen but still manages many features.  It doesn't take long, even without peeking at the manual, to scroll through every part of the menu and get a complete understanding (but do read the manual).  I admit I had doubts about the "smile detection" feature and didn't even notice it has its own button till a couple days ago when I tried it.  I wanted to get myself in a group shot and forgot where to turn on the self-timer.  Rather than look in the menus, I told my friends to not smile till I got in the pic and gave them a cue.  I pushed the :-) button, pressed the shutter button halfway down to focus, then pushed it down, and walked over and got in the group.  Then, as soon as we all smiled, we heard the shutter trip. Haha!  It worked and even served as a self-timer!  I guess for serious or scowling shots, I'd have to use the real self-timer.Anyway, after reviews I'd read had me thinking I might be returning this camera, it is definitely a keeper!  For those with the blurry shots, ALWAYS push the shutter button part way till it focuses, then take your shot.  If that didn't fix things, try lowering the pixel range to 5MP.  You still get a hi-def shot twice as big as a 17" monitor screen and needing to be reduced.I don't expect this to send my HD video cam packing but the little video shots I've tried were also very impressive.  I'm wishing I had thought to take a 5 second moving snapshot of that waterfall.  I'm sounding like an ad.  A short review would be too short.  Lastly, a tip... if you try to get a macro shot of a flower and have trouble focusing, put your hand beside the flower and focus on it, hold that focus, move your hand, and shoot the flower.