While [the price] still isn't "chump change" to me, it is a bargain for this camera.When you open the box and take the camera out, you're surprised at how small it is but then, you're surprised by how solid and natural it feels in your hand. Even though the body is plastic, it has a sturdy feel to it unlike some other cameras in this price range. Once it's in your hands, you pop in the 4 AA batteries, the compact flash card and, away you go. Put it in AUTO mode and you have a nice 3MP point and shoot camera that responds very well to varying light conditions and circumstances. In other modes you have control over; white balance, exposure compensation, Drive (Single shot, continuous shooting, self-timer), ISO speed, Light Metering, Image Quality and Photo Effect (Off, vivid color, neutral color, low sharpening, sepia, black & white) The other modes are: P-this mode is the same as AUTO but you have control over the above mentioned options. Av-Aperture Priority, you set the f-stop, the camera sets the shutter speed. Tv-Shutter Priority, you set the shutter speed, the camera sets the f-stop M-full manual, you have control over shutter speed, aperture, flash output, and focus. In addition to that, there's six other modes; Slow Shutter, Fast Shutter, Landscape, Night Scene and, Portrait. In these modes, the camera sets shutter and aperture to the appropriate settings for each situation. Also included is a Stitch mode which lets you take a series of photos and then combine with the software for a panoramic effect.The last mode on the camera is Movie Mode. In Movie Mode, you can record at 3 resolutions; 640 X 480, 320 x 240, and 160 x 120. In the largest format you can record for 30 seconds and, in the other two formats, you can record approx. 3 minutes. Movies are recorded with sound in the AVI format but unfortunately, you can not use the zoom while filming in this mode. Performance When you power the camera up, it takes about 3 seconds to warm up before it's ready to shoot. Once it's ready, you push the shutter down halfway to lock the autofocus and then depress the shutter fully. Now you have a pic! You can review it on the LCD if you want any where from 2 to 10 seconds. The LCD screen measures 1.5 inches and fairly clear and easy to see but it would have been nice to control the brightness.Next move inside to take some flash pictures. Here you'll use the autofocus illuminator to help the camera focus in low light. There's a small orange light on the front of the camera under the flash, when you focus, it comes on to make it easier for the camera to focus. This eliminates the long focus times that some other camera have in these situations if they can even focus at all. Also inside, you'll appreciate the fact that Canon put a decent flash on this little guy. It has a working distance of about 13 feet at the wide angle setting.Picture Quality is very good. Pictures come out sharp with accurate color tones. I do get red-eye sometimes in indoor shots but, not always and, not to the point that I would consider unacceptable. I have yet to have any incidences of "purple fringing" Software, etc. Canon supplies you with two software applications. One their own and the other is ArcSoft's. Both applications are good for basic image editing but, if you want something more you'll likely pick up Photoshop.Downloading photo's is pretty straight forward once the software is installed. Hook up the computer with the supplied cable to a USB port, turn it on and your computer (PC) will either open the appropriate program or, you'll have to. Once the program is open, pick the images you want and, hit File, Transfer. That's about it. You can also view images, and movies on a TV with the supplied cable.The only other things in the box (aside from the manual) are a 16MB Compact Flash card and, 4 AA batteries. In the highest resolution, you'll get 8 pictures on this card so, you'll probably want to purchase another one soon. The 4AA batteries will last about 100 pics so, consider purchasing some high capacity rechargeables also. The batteries and the CF card will set you back [some $$] but, you'll thank yourself later. I would recommend these for anyone purchasing a digital camera.