I have been intrigued by this camera since its release.  My old camera is a Canon PowerShot S30 (3.2MP).  I wanted to buy an SLR to advance my photography skills and capabilities.  When this beauty came along bearing a price tag under $1,000 and received prestigious acclaim I knew I wanted one.  But I decided to delay for a few months, waiting to see what competition would arise, and how quickly the price would drop.  That competition presented itself as the Nikon D70.  Ultimately, I decided to get the D-Rebel because the price-to-quality ratio is exceptional; the ~$300+ more for the Nikon doesn't seem justifiable for what I think are negligible factors.  Besides, my PowerShot has served me well and I'm used to the Canon system.I've played with mine in the field for two days.  Last weekend was my introduction day and I made a lot of mistakes -- camera shake, off-focus, underexposure.  Today I went back to the same spots [in similar weather] and received much better results by using my tripod, setting the exposure compensation to +1/3 (most of the time) and sometimes forcing a longer shutter than 'auto' suggested.  My photos went from dull to incredible with a few easy adjustments.  If your photos come out poorly always exhaust the manual solutions before blaming faulty camera construction.If you're moving up from a [Canon] SLR, many of the characteristics of the D-Rebel will be familiar.  If, on the other hand, you're used to a P&S like myself some things will be awkward.  For example, using the viewfinder instead of the LCD monitor to compose shots; using the Main Dial and LCD panel to implement settings; and manual focusing.  My PowerShot allows manual tweaking, but it is usually easier to let the processor handle certain functions.  The SLR is different -- it invites you to play.I have read complaints about the camera's construction.  Indeed, it is an all-plastic body, whereas the D-Rebel's big brother, the 10D, is magnesium alloy.  But I think this will be an insignificant point for most people; the plastic body is sturdy enough to handle a day's work.  It has a nice firm rubber grip on the right side.  A friend has an EOS Elan 7 (n or ne) and the weight is approximately the same.I also know some people don't like the fact that the D-Rebel uses the flash as an AF-assist lamp -- particularly because once the flash pops it will take a flash exposure.  But the solution is simple enough:  push the flash back down.  The camera automatically re-evaluates the shutter speed, maintains focus and takes the shot.  You will need to have it on a tripod for the shot to be successful, though.After a lot of reading and searching for components to make up a great system, I ended up buying:  Rebel with 18-55mm lens; EF 55-200mm II USM lens; 1 Gb Sandisk Ultra II CompactFlash; 420EX Speedlite flash; Sto-fen Omni-Bounce diffuser (for 420EX); Tiffen 58mm Deluxe Enhancing Filter Kit; Samsonite Worldproof 3.2 Download SLR bag; Tamrac Small Lens Case.  (I wrote a review for the Samsonite bag.  I think it's fantastic for carrying all my gear.  I use the Tamrac bag when I want to travel light.)Here's a stupid mistake I made that I'd like to enlighten others to, so that they may avoid doing the same.  When I first tested the camera most of my shots were indoors and required the flash.  In many of those shots I noticed a black blob.  I thought maybe my flash was defective.  The manual says there are certain conditions where the flash may be obstructed.  My solution was simple enough:  two of my fingers were in the way.  With my PowerShot, I had become used to lifting my ring and pinky fingers away from the flash and lens so they would be out of the way... now doing it put them in the way of the flash.  Sometimes the simplest answer is the right one.Here are two things I feel quite fortunate to have learned (i.e., stumbled upon), as I did not read this in any review.  (1) When using a [Canon] digital SLR you need a "Type II" lens.  Lenses have always induced aberrations of light, which would create 'ghosts' and other weird things.  But 35mm film is produced with a coating that prevents them.  When you use a D-SLR, however, that coating is not on your sensor, so those light artifacts appear again.  So Canon created the "Type II" lens, where the aforementioned coating is on the glass.  The only problem is that there are only a handful of these lenses at this point.  Unfortunately, this dramatically weakens Canon's claim that you can use "over 50 lenses" on your D-Rebel.  While technically true, you probably wouldn't like the results.  (Popular Photography magazine ran an article about this, which is on their site.)  (2) Don't fall for tricky CompactFlash advertising.  I bought several Viking Components CF cards for my PowerShot.  They always worked well and I almost bought a big one for my D-Rebel.  Then I considered the Lexar "40x" because they have a good reputation. "40x" sounds good, eh?  The Sandisk Ultra II works at 60x!  At the Large-Fine setting, this will save you one-third second of write-time.  That is big when you think about action photography.  The Sandisk card can write 3 images when the Lexar can only do 2.  The Vikings are worse; they can't even write one image/second!I am exceptionally pleased with my purchase -- not with just the D-Rebel, but the whole system.  It pays to do your research and decide what's right for you.  Personally, I think I put together an excellent 'amateur SLR' package that will allow me to grow and explore for a long time.  Hopefully you will feel the same with a D-Rebel over your shoulder.