I've copied my review below from the DMC-LC1 review I just published, since both cameras are extremely similar. The differences in aesthetics, grip, and minor button assignments are minimal, but give the interested party a clear choice. The Jpeg engine of this camera is ever so slightly tuned differently than the LC1, I'd sum up by saying it is more conservative in color saturation and yields slightly better detail. Other than that, they are the same.I've written extensively on this camera and the digilux 2 online on my own blog.This camera and the digilux 2 are considered true classic cameras, and a decade later they still do not disappoint the discerning photographer who embraces the foundation of principles and fundamentals that make photography a rewarding experience.This camera design is truly unique- one of a kind. Dismissed by the masses but embraced by a very niche group of photographers that desire a camera to be both a design first priority, and, a work of art- at the very same time.The lens of this camera, its manual controls, its bright aperture, internal zoom, build quality, and ultimately its excellent performance- are the heart of its lure and soul of its operation. The body style, and external controls compliment this lens design perfectly. Its size is both large enough to operate manually without being cramped, and small enough to be carried anywhere all day long without fatigue in any way.It's sensor is excellent still to this day, 5mp actually translates to the resolution output of many 10mp sensors because of how sharp this lens is. So don't be swayed by that specification. While this camera's operational speed is pedestrian compared to many of today's cameras, its that exact quality which endears it to owners of it. The mere fact that this camera in some ways is inadequate (compared to faster DSLRS) to a variety of shooting circumstances forces the photographer to think his/her way through the process. Thus a shot well done grants the photographer a proud achievement.This is in stark contrast to using a DSLR where shooting a burst of images with a blazing fast autofocus and burst rate yield one good image out of many.It's EVF and LCD are adequate, and with some practice can become intuitive to the shooters needs. The short range of ISO (compared to today's cameras) is also adequate considering the lens fast aperture, and the fact that it yields sharp images wide open. When you do the math you'll see that a comparable DSLR kit would need to use an ISO speed two stops or more higher than this camera to get the same shutter speed.The build quality of this camera, its handling, are first rate. Leica spearheaded its design (both cameras) and Panasonic provided the production capability and electronics. Don't be fooled into believing that this is a Panasonic design first and foremost. Its actually the other way around.This camera and its twin, continue to hold value extremely well. Most digital cameras end up in the trash bin and forgotten, discounted to oblivion, or end up collecting dust in a storage facility. Not the LC1 or Digilux 2.There is a reason for that.No amount of reading will make you understand the draw of this camera. If you like to think when you photograph, if you like to practice photography fundamentals, if you like perfect manual controls, then this camera is probably going to make you very happy.It's as perfect of a design as designs can get, especially for the time it was introduced.Carl