I REALLY wanted to like this camera. I've been playing around with it for a few months now and most of my photos are just not very good. I read the whole manual and really tried to make the pictures look good because there are obviously many others who have had good luck with it based on reviews. I am not a camera expert and mostly use the iA mode indoors. Here are the problems I'm having (feel free to comment and let me know if I'm doing something wrong or if there's a way to correct any of these issues):1. If my kids move AT ALL they become a see-through very blurry object. I'll upload a photo later as an example. But this is my #1 concern since my kids move their head, arms, legs or SOMETHING in almost every photo I take. I tried to take pictures of them on their new swingset and trampoline, but they were unrecognizably blurry. If my toddler moves her arm up when I take a picture, her arm is a see through blurry blob while the rest of the photo looks good. I know there are a bunch of settings I can learn about that might help each situation, but since my kids are doing different things in different directions, I can't keep changing settings and shutter speeds hoping to take a good action shot. I thought iA would do this automatically. PLEASE let me know how I can fix this before the camera meets the trash bin. My 6-year-old Canon A640 never had this issue. It could focus on the subject and take a good non-blurry photo even if they moved, which I would expect this camera to do based of the rave reviews.2. My indoor photos are grainy and blurry. I hold the camera steady, but they are so blurry that I'm embarrassed to have to use them on my blog and elsewhere. Again, this is using iA. If I have to crop the photo at all I'm in trouble. I find myself apologizing a lot for my poor quality photos. I've made sure all the settings are set at optimum photo and video quality. I'm sure I could mess around with the many settings and find one that produces a better photo, but I was hoping for an easy point & shoot since I'm not good at photography.3. The corners, especially the lower left corner, are dark in many of my indoor photos. In reading other reviews, I see this same issue addressed and it seems to be a flaw with this design. I have to zoom a little or turn off the flash to avoid the darkened corner, which is disappointing.My last issue is no fault of this camera. The videos are uploaded as .MOV as opposed to .AVI like my Canon. This is not supported by my photo editing software I use daily. Big bummer! The movies download fine, but cannot be played unless I open a different program, so I need to figure that one out.I am very disappointed because I love the look and feel of this camera. It seems to be very sturdy and should last a long time. The zoom is great and video quality seems to be good so far. The battery lasts for a long time and recharges in only 2 hours. I really wish it took better quality photos, especially since I'm past the time I can return it! Guess I'm stuck with it for now.