I knew nothing about digital cameras, but after researching and reading many reviews, I decided on this one.  I was also considering a Nikon and the full Kodak package with the printer dock.One clear standout feature is the LCD screen.  I almost never even look through the viewfinder anymore.  It allows you to take shots with much more ease and more quickly than you would with just a viewfinder.Another thing that's good is that you can use the auto feature if you don't want to have to worry about any details, just want point and shoot, or you can switch to many other modes if you want more control over things, as you learn how to use the advanced features.  Thus, no matter how skilled you are, you can have great pictures.  I also like that there are all sorts of easy to use effects, like sepia and black and white, panoramic/stitch together.  You can be pretty artistic right away.  You can also take 3 min. movies with sound.The software is easy to use. You just install it on the computer.  The cables come for you to connect the camera to the a USB port, and when you do that and turn on the camera once the software is installed, it instantly recognizes the camera and asks if you're ready to download pictures.  Once you do, they are saved to a folder and you can view them, manipulate and edit them, and even send them directly to an e-mail message.  The program interacts directly with my MSN browser automatically.  You can also create little booklets and albums and cards and things with the other software that comes with the camera.  I can't wait to get a color printer cartridge and some photo paper to see how that works. You also get a cable to view your pictures on tv.BTW, a friend of mine has the Kodak system and is generally happy with the camera and quality of pictures, but said that the software often messes up on their system.I don't know if all software does this, but I like that you can take some pictures, download them, take some more pictures, and the software knows only to download the new ones even though the others are still on the card. Picture quality is typically excellent.  I took some very casual pictures of my son just fooling around the house, and I was amazed at the clarity and color that was captured.  His skin looked beautiful, and his pink lips and each long eyelash were captured stunningly, making me wish he didn't have on a juice-stained shirt.  He seemed to look better on the picture than I even noticed him looking in person.  I am sure that soon the house will have professionally developed photos of him all around it that I've taken.I'd highly recommend the camera to anyone who likes ease of picture taking and good results, plus the ability to grow as a photographer also.  You will not be disappointed.One thing that I was concerned about after reading reviews was that the battery compartment hatch might be fragile.  It isn't, you just have to follow the arrows telling you how to open and close it, because you have to slide a lever over and THEN lift, and there's a little spring so that when you close it, you have to push and then slide back over.  It is different than other compartments, but you have to follow the instructions, and it's not hard at all once you do it once.  Don't let that scare you.  It isn't flimsy at all, and it's not going to break easily.  You just can't be ham-handed with it and forge ahead without noting what you need to do first.I would buy the soft case for it, available for under 10 bucks I think on this site.  I didn't go for the full kit because I found a fast charger that was cheaper, and NiMH batteries from anyplace will do.  I have 8 NiMH batteries, and I keep one set charged and in the front pocket of the case and one set in the camera.  These batteries last a good long time, but using the movie feature can eat through them more quickly.I'm totally satisfied with this purchase.