I bought this as a vacation camera so I don't have to worry about it getting roughed up or wet at the beach (I was always paranoid about getting my "good" Sony camera wet).  I am very pleased with its performance.I already had a couple of xD cards from an old Olympus camera, and I was able to get a 1G card at WalMart for pretty cheap, so don't worry about availability of the card.  After reading some negative reviews about this camera not being truly waterproof, I decided to take "dry land" photos with one card, and then change the card for "wet" photos, so I wouldn't lose all my pictures if the camera decided to stop working.The camera has a neat setting (not the default, so you should check the manual) whereby the photos are numbered sequentially as you take them even if you change the card (rather than starting the numbers over again).  This helps you to keep your photos chronological after downloading into your computer even if you switch cards several times in one day.I took several underwater photos in the pool, which turned out really nicely. I was very pleased, as this is the first time I have ever had a waterproof camera.  At the beach, I was still leery of using it under the salt water, but I did use it to take swimming shots above the surface.Several hours after taking the underwater pool shots, back in the hotel room, I removed the battery to charge it and it was wet!!!  There were droplets of water inside the battery compartment as well as on the battery itself!  I dried everything thoroughly and left the compartment open to air dry overnight.  Everything still worked the next day, but I was pretty freaked out about water getting in.  So you should check right away after the camera's been underwater to make sure there wasn't leakage.  My battery was sitting there wet all day and I didn't know it.  I've used it for several days since, but not underwater.  I just hope this doesn't affect future performance.Read the other reviews about the battery.  You have to be careful which way you insert it.  Also, it does show the low battery light even when the battery is newly charged.  Just turn it off and back on, and the battery light will be green again.  This was a problem in my old Olympus camera too.  Battery life is not that bad.  I only had to charge it once in 6 days.It seems that you need an Olumpus M+ 1G or higher card to get a long video.  It's worth it.  I like taking videos.  My biggest beef with this camera is that you need to press the button twice before the video starts recording.  I only need to press it once on my other camera.  I missed some good action because I neglected to press twice.Overall I am extremely satisfied with the picture quality.  A lot of time the quality of the photo depends on the skills of the photographer as well as the resolution setting.  Don't blame this camera if your photos are blurry or dark.My favorite thing about this camera is the cheery yellow color.  It is perfect to take on a beach vacation.