Well, people certainly seem to love this camera.  I don't.  In fairness, it has many nice features which other reviewers have commented on.  The lens is unbelievable and getting 15x physical zoom on a camera this price is incredible, plus the image stabilization is very good and you can get clear shots without a tripod even at 15X.  The macro mode is very good although it occasionally gets confused with focusing and you can't get all the way in to the much-ballyhooed .4", but still, superb closeups are quite possible.  There are many other nice features that other reviewers have commented upon.  As other reviewers have pointed out, the performance of this camera in low-light conditions stinks.  I would say if you shoot primarily outdoors, you should seriously consider this camera.Unfortunately, I don't.  I bought this camera primarily to shoot indoor pictures for eBay and a good macro mode was mandatory.  Unfortunately, pretty much any indoor picture qualifies for "low-light" unless you use the flash, which I don't because on this or any camera it gives pictures a very cold color balance.  My big, big complaint is that when you snap a shot, the colors of the picture you take come out differently than it looks on the screen.  This makes it impossible to decide what settings to use prior to taking the shot.  Trying to get the right colors on a picture becomes a matter of trial and error.  You shoot a picture, then you look at it, it's not right, you try a different setting, and go through the process all over again.  It's an arduous process if you have a still subject and are trying to achieve a certain look.  I find the built-in modes to be confusing and it's unclear what effect they will really have on the final picture, so once you start playing around with the modes, you are again back in the trial and error situation.  I wanted a camera that would take good pictures without much effort, and for the situation I am in, this is NOT the camera.  Outdoors where there's plenty of light and the zoom will be a lifesaver, it's a great camera.  But indoors, my wife has an Olympus Stylus that shoots reliably great pictures the first time with little effort (and it has an incredible macro mode too).  I'm sorry I got this camera.  It seems nice but for me it was ultimately disappointing and a huge time-waster.***** UPDATE *****Well, several months later and I have gotten quite good at finagling good pictures out of this camera indoors.  The white-balance function is the most important.  For indoor pictures, the "fluorescent" and "incandescent" modes seem quite effective in generating realistic colors under the appropriate light sources.  I generally have to avoid the "auto" white-balance because it often changes its mind about what the appropriate white-balance is from one picture to the next, and it can cause consecutive pictures of the same subject to come out differently. On some occasions when none of the built-in white-balance modes seem to work right, the "auto" sometimes seems to do the trick, so I do use it a little.The other thing that helps a lot is the exposure function.  Apparently they figured out that this was a crucial function people would have to mess with a lot to get good pictures out of their camera, so they gave it its own control directly on the back panel. I shoot a lot of pictures against a black background, and the subject consistently comes out overexposed unless I reduce the exposure significantly.So, basically I've learned to fiddle with the white balance and the exposure every time I shoot pictures for an auction, because different subjects often require different settings.  I stay away from "smart auto" mode because it's not so smart as they wish it was.  And I do get some great pictures out of the thing now.  It wasn't worth the hundred hours of headbanging, hairpulling, reading the manual, and experimenting at great length, to get to this point.  So for shooting outdoors, buy this camera.  Otherwise, avoid.