I have been following Olympus's cameras since the D-360 and D-450 came out, and had been waiting for them to release one with a certain feature set.  I wanted 2 megapixels, USB, and a reasonable price.  The D-520 has that, and unlike its predecessor (the D-510) it is pretty compact and runs on only two AA batteries, not 4.Finally, receiving my tax refund, I decided to break down and buy a digital camera.  There were really three contenders in my mind:  The Fuji Finepix 2600Z, the Olympus D-520, and the Canon Digital IXUS 330.  A friend of mine highly recommended the Canon model, but its list price was [money], which was out of my price range (also, nobody had it in stock).  So for me it came down to the Fuji and the Olympus.  I ended up going with the Olympus because a local electronics retailer had it for [money].The camera itself is pretty simple to use.  It has four quality settings: 640x480 (sq1), 1024x768 (sq2), 1600x1200 low (hq), and 1600x1200 high (shq).  While some Olympus models I've used previously allow saving as a TIFF, with the D-520 all of the pictures are saved to the camera as JPEGs.  This is a shame, because it means you are stuck with the camera's JPEG quality level.  If they had allowed you to save as TIFF, you could easily set your own JPEG compression level in photoshop.That is part of the problem I have with this camera, and part of the reason I only gave it 3 stars.  The picture quality is not that great.  The camera seems to have an extremely difficult time focusing in low-light situations, even when the flash is used, and the pictures come out very blurry.  I played around with some of the settings, but I can't seem to fix this.  And even in bright sunlight, I find images taken with the camera not to be very sharp at all.  Also some colors seem to bleed: I took a picture of some flowers in direct sunlight and the picture came out as some pink and red blobs, losing all the detail of the flower.  I tried adjusting the white balance, but it didn't seem to help.The camera does take some nice pictures too, however.  Pictures of people come out very nice, and since I mostly take pictures of people (at family gatherings, etc), and not scenery, it's an OK camera for my needs.The USB connection is extremely handy, and in my opinion, the best way to access a digital camera's files.  My girlfriend's brother has a smartmedia floppy adapter, and that is extremely slow.  With the D-520, I simply plugged the USB into my computer, and my PC (running Windows 2000) recognized the camera as another hard drive.  I then simply copied the files over.  The camera comes with some software for editing pictures and stuff, but I haven't bothered to install it.  I don't believe that Windows 98 will allow you to simply plug in the camera and have it recognized as another hard drive, you probably have to install extra drivers.Battery life is OK; I have rechargable NiMH AA's, so it's not something I worry about too much.  The fact that it only takes 2 instead of 4 effectively doubles battery life over most cameras, in my mind at least.The included 16 MB Smart Media card can hold: 99 pictures at SQ1, 58 at SQ2 (my preferred size), 33 at HQ, and 11 at SHQ.All in all, it's a decent camera for the price, but don't expect perfection.