IF YOU'RE IN THE MARKET FOR AN EVERY DAY CAMERA TO TAKE PICTURES OF PETS, FAMILY, FRIENDS, SCENERY-- PLEASE READ.I'm a college student. I don't plan on being a photographer nor do I wish to take professional-like pictures in my lifetime. I just wanted a good, pocket-sized camera that I can carry with me and take pictures of me & my friends, plants, animals, or what have you. I asked for two different cameras for Christmas. I asked for a Canon or for this one. I was unsure as to which I wanted more, so I had my mom pick one out for me. I was fairly pleased whenever I saw which camera I had recieved as a gift. I was anxious to try out the 10x optical zoom that the Kodak had. Unfortunately, the optical zoom wasn't enough to help this camera. One would have to have VERY steady hands or a tripod when working with with camera. Although sometimes I'm not sure that it would have helped. I was unaware that the camera didn't come with image stabalization whenever I did ask for it. (It only has video image stabalization--- not i.s. for just picture taking) This means the camera is surely wonderful for free-handed night-time shots. I will include a link to some pictures I've taken with this camera to show-- indeed-- what a GREAT job it does do. *sarcasm*I'm not an expert at using cameras. I've never had a class or any training. I could just be doing something wrong. It's as simple as that. BUT if this camera is THAT hard to use, then I don't want to deal with it.But I think the camera is completely horrible-- in my opinion. Don't buy it for the zoom. The zoom is alright---- simply alright. That really is the ONLY decent thing about this camera. The panoramic shoots are neat but without a tripod they also turn out blurry. Actually, most of my pictures turn out blurry period. I'm not a complete amatuer whenever it comes to digital photography. I know what to do to make a digital picture turn out great. I've been unable to make any of my pictures look great with this camera. I've taken over 500 pictures with it and I could count on two hands the amount I've had turn out decent. &Those; that did turn out decent, I'm not thoroughly impressed with. They're okay. My 3 year old Fuji takes better pictures and has better color & shading. I'm very disappointed with this camera. I not only wasted my money on it, but I also wasted my money on a memory card, a camera case, a dock, and a tripod. I can't send it back now. It's been used and it's been over 30 days since it was ordered, so I'm literally STUCK with it.I've seen/had several cameras in the past. If you're wanting clear, crisp pictures and you're wanting them the easiest possible way, I would suggest one of the following: Sony Cybershot DSC-T10 7.2MP Digital Camera with 3x Optical Steady Shot Zoom, Canon PowerShot SD700 IS 6MP Digital  Camera with 4x Image Stabilized Zoom, or the Fuji Finepix F31fd. & MAKE SURE IT HAS IMAGE STABALIZATION. I cannot stress that enough.Here is a link to pictures I've taken with this camera (these are real-life pictures-- none of that professional stuff): [...]I hope the pictures help people make their decision in the future. I wish I could have seen mored of the kind of pictures it takes before I bought it.