I had a long awaited trip to Yellowstone National Park and I didn't want to go away with poor quality photos.So I read just about every single review for compact zoom cameras I could find. Most all pointed to the ZS3 as the best compact you can buy, and they are right.The ZS3 is the perfect vacation camera for a lot of reasons:1: You don't have to haul around a bulky SLR on your neck to get great photos.2: You don't need large lenses to get high zoom levels.3: You don't have to haul around a bulky camcorder to get great video with stereo audio and zoom.4: If fits in your pocket.5: The battery lasts all day.I brought my ZS3 on a long vacation, visiting my grandmother, Yellowstone National Park and Las-Vegas. I took over 3 hours of video and over 500 photos with only two battery charges required. The zoom lens was perfect for taking great images of the wildlife in Yellowstone. I was able to capture great looking photos from a long ways off without the bulk of a SLR lens. I have one photo of the Grand Tetons that looks like I hiked the mountain to get it, but in fact I was over a mile away in the valley below. I have video of two Hawks in flight that I could barely see with the naked eye, yet the camera was able to capture them with ease.An often overlooked feature on this camera is the zoom-macro capability. It allows you to stand a few feet from a subject such as a butterfly or small animal, yet get a photo as if you were taking a up-close macro, complete with sharp focus, and blurred background. I was able to capture full-frame images of a few chipmunks that would have surely ran away if I got too close.The video on this camera is the single best feature that sets it apart from the rest of the crowd. On most digital cameras you can get video, even high-definition video. But take a look around, nearly ALL digital cameras that have video lock the zoom level while recording. This means you have to stop your video, re-zoom, and start again if your subject moves. The ZS3 can do optical zoom while recording video, this makes it as powerful as any camcorder you can buy. It is also high definition, and the frame rate and quality is great. On top of all that it records stereo audio in Dolby Digital, another feature not found on other digital cameras. Don't under-estimate the importance of stereo sound for video. Both the video and audio quality are phenomenal. The camera captured the tiniest sound of chipmunks running across the ground.Another important feature of a portable camera is battery life. There is not sense in having a compact camera if you have to haul a pound of batteries to power it. My mother recently found this out on a trip, she had a compact entry level Canon camera. She bought it because it took double AA's and she would be out of country, so thought she would need that feature to buy batteries locally. She ended up having to replace her batteries every few hours. My ZS3? It could go a whole day taking video and photos. I never ran the battery down to even a warning level before the day was done. I took two batteries on the trip, and only need to charge each one once over.The ZS3 is also pocketable. This was important in the crowded streets of Las Vegas. I was able to easily carry the camera and a gorilapod with me while walking for miles in Las Vegas. We covered nearly the entire strip in our visit, not once did the camera get in the way, it was easy to pull out, capture a great photo and continue on our way.You really can't go wrong buying the ZS3.