I am not one of these reviewers that is just impressed by the camera look and size...I have had many digital cameras in the past (have used Nikon, Sony, Canon, etc.) and am very experienced with technology products and I only buy the best (hence I do TONS of research, I even contact the companies techincal departments to ask questions...)Please take this review very seriously when I say the Casio EX Z 55 is the best small size high resolution camera currently on the market, from features to LCD screen to picture quality, to price/value level, to build quality--frankly, it blew me away right out of the box:1.  Size and build:  Although not as slim as its little brother, it is quite small (.88 mm deep), yet VERY solid.  It is all metal and metal alloy and most importantly, the LCD is protected by a plexi-protector (thank you for not making the same dumb mistake as Canon and sony). Although the battery cover is plastic (like all other digital cameras), unlike others, this one has a sliding lock that is spring loaded with a metal piece and even has a locking battery piece inside--so no worries about anything breaking off or falling out!  The camera, although tiny, is easy to hold and control with your hands automatically knowing where to go naturally--very well thought out layout. Button are minimal and VERY well marked.  A 10-year old could master the device in less than 20 minutes, and that says alot about ease of use because the camera has TONS of features!!!LCD Screen:  Yes, the pixel count is lower than Sony, Canon or Nikon models...do NOT let that scare you away. The image quality of the LCD, the anti-glare properties and the LCD processor are far superior!  You can hold at almost any angle in any light and clearly read the display. Canon models "white out".  The LCD does not jitter or delay (like all other digital cameras), the image looks 100% real time--great processor!  People mention a  bit of grainy-ness...not really, what they are seeing is the decreased resolution and darkening when you use the zoom.  the scrren gains up in low light and you can also further adjust it. i am truly impressed w/ the screen and i did not even mention its huge 2.5" size!!!pic clarity:  dont take my word for it...read the professional reviews (steve's digicams, PC world, PC magazine, DP Preview, etc) Pic quality is far superior to the canon SD series and sony.  these images blew away my 4 MP Nikon w/ Nikoor lens.  5 megapixel means crisp, clear shots. color is spot on and the "Best shot" scene options are handy and work well! The zoom is an improved Pentax lens, works great up to 3x optical, will stick in their with any Nikkor or Sony lens. When you think Casio, you may not think of cameras...but Casio uses its processor and battery technology and partners with camera companies to produce a device that is best of both worlds!by the way, camera battery life really is really as long as you've heard...i could not drain it over 3 days of continous use with LCD on.