We've had this camera for a couple weeks now, and really enjoy it. We also purchased a 128M SmartMedia card, which is almost a requirement for this camera, since 16M will run out really quick if you're taking high-resolution pictures!Picture quality is great, although red-eye is a bigger problem than it was with my previous, 35mm camera (though I haven't tried the red-eye reduction flash mode yet). The software that comes with the camera has a red-eye filter, but it doesn't look very good (imaging taking a black crayon to your picture, and you're not far off).I haven't noticed the focusing problems that some people have reported. The time between when you click the button and when the picture is taken isn't long, IF you first press it slightly to set the focus -- if you set the focus first, the actual picture is taken almost immediately. If not, there's about a two second delay before the picture is taken. This isn't that different than some 35mm cameras I've seen without a fixed focus -- it takes the camera a second to adjust the focus to where it should be before it snaps the picture.It does take several seconds to reset between pictures (much of that time appears to be the time it takes to write to the card -- switching to a lower-resolution format may change how long you have to wait between pictures). Fresh batteries seem to help minimize this delay -- get four high-capacity (1800 mAh) NiMH rechargable batteries, and charge two while two are in the camera. Swap the pairs before you start getting any low battery indicators, to keep the pair in the camera fresh.You really need to read the manual with this one -- the controls aren't difficult, but some of them aren't intuitive (if you want to review the picture you just took while the lens cover is open, you have to "double-click" on the view button). It's easy to hand it to someone to just point-and-shoot a picture -- it's the more advanced features that aren't intuitive. Once you learn a couple shortcuts, it's not hard to use at all, but you won't be able to just pick this up and use the advanced features without reading the manual first. Many of the complaints I've seen in other Amazon.com reviews about things this camera can't do, it really CAN do -- you just need to know how.I really love the fact that once you set the time on the camera, all your pictures are stamped with the date/time that you took your picture (and even what the camera settings were at the time). This makes it a lot easier to sort through pictures later, or to remember how old someone is in the shot. This may be a standard feature of digital camera, but it's a nice one.Using this with Windows XP Professional was a snap -- just plug in the USB cable, let Windows recognize it, and copy the files to your hard drive. We had it a week before we installed the software that came with the camera, and even then we only use what's built into Windows. There's even a way to print sheets of pictures (a bunch of wallets, or several 3x5s, or a contact sheet with dozens of thumbnails) built right into the OS (the "Windows Picture and Fax Viewer").Overall, we've been very happy with this camera. Good quality, inexpensive (less than most 2MP cameras that don't have optical zoom!), easy to use.