My very old Canon SD600 recently began to show its age (a terrific little camera during its prime, however), so I decided to gift it to my younger brother and get myself a new toy. After a few weeks of shopping, I finally bought a Canon S90. This little gem is amazing! It takes great pictures in low light, I enjoy the large LCD screen on the back, and the picture quality is stunning for a point and shoot. I have a few jealous friends who were surprised by the quality of pictures I was able to take, especially compared to their cameras. Having photographic bragging rights is nice. The creative abilities you have with the manual controls of this camera were a deal-maker for me. I work with DSLRs a lot, and having a large amount of those manual controls on a DSLR in a small, take-everywhere package was the most important reason I bought this camera. While one obviously cannot expect this to take pictures on quite the same level as a DSLR, the pictures are certainly superior to any camera I've seen of this size and price range on the market. The weight is nice, it feels really sturdy. The control ring on the front is a nice feature. I was worried it was going to be gimmicky, but it's actually well designed. The other ring on the back doesn't get in my way and I don't have problems taking pictures with one hand. Just be careful to keep the wrist strap on, it can get a bit slippery. The customizable button the back is really nice. I set it to turn off the screen so I could save battery life between shots. The flash itself is great, it lights up a dark room nicely. Color swap/accent are nifty little features to have, also.Some things I don't like about this camera (unfortunately, it could not be perfect...) are the shutter release and main zoom control because it feels too plasticy for the $400 price tag. Everything else is fairly solid. Also the battery life leaves something to be desired. I did get about 450 shots on one charge, but the actual time spent shooting was short. I am buying a second battery to carry around with me. The camera is slightly larger than most point and shoots and it took me a while to find a case that properly fit without paying a fortune. I don't think it's as sleek looking as other Canons, but I understand that's entirely subjective. The flash can be intrusive. It's right where I put my finger. Thankfully, it comes up really forcefully, much stronger than I'm holding the camera so I'm not afraid of breaking it. It's similar to someone rolling a car window up when your arm is still sticking out. You're not going to break the window, but it is a little startling.Overall, if you're shopping for a pocketable camera with superior image quality and more manual control, there is not a better camera out there. You won't be sorry for the money you spent.