After many hours of research I am happy to review the Canon A70 Powershot.  My first and probably only digital camera for a long time.Easy to use, simple to learn, and compact.I don't mind the 4 AA batteries.  I bought "good" recharable and have taken about 100 photos and a video on the first set with no end in sight yet.The camera has many "bells and whistles" but not that many buttons and settings to use them.  Tricky.The autofocus takes about 20 pictures to get used to, but then it is a worthy attribute.I love the stitch command.  When you're standing in front of scenery that is 4 or 5 pictures long, the downloading software will "Stitch" them together into one long picture...very cool.The camera is small but not too small.  The camera comes with all the downloading software you need and works with all the "photoshop" software that my Dell computer already came with.The user manuals are useful, and not totally technical geeky.Trust me, 3.2 Mpix is just fine.  The only reason to get 5.0 Mpix or higher is if you're making posters or just want to say "it's a 5.0 Mpix".  My opinion is don't waste your money, just get this camera.  It'll do everything and anything that "joe-shmoe" picture taker needs.The only bummer, is the 16bit (or whatever the measurement is) card that the camera comes with.  It only holds about 25 pics or maybe 30 to 45 seconds of video.  I'm checking for a 128 or 256 card that will hold more pics than I know what to do with (download them and take more).  They make a 516 but again, do I need all that or do I just need to say "it's a 516 card".Don't worry, the card is like a floppy disk.  It just clicks in and out.  BUT BEWARE, my friends told me if you take the cards in and out constantly you run the risk of bending or tweeking the tiny connector pins in the camera that connect the card to the camera.  If you do this...time to buy another camera.  This goes for all digital cameras so I'm getting a bigger card for $$$ to $$$ bucks and will never take the card out again (just download them, erase them, and keep on shooting).Which come to think of it...you know those Windows Media Player videos all your friends send you at work...this camera takes those.  The software downloads it as a WMP video and then asks, "want to e-mail this?"...heck ya, this is fun.Word to the wise...if you plan on taking action photos of fast moving/fast action sports or activities you might want to research more expensive digital cameras that can take 3 or 5 frames per second.  This camera can do it but not every picture may be in focus as the "shoot" button focus' the shot when pressed half way down, lets you know it's in focus, and then you press all the way down and it shoots.  If you just shoot away it focus' as best it can and takes the shot.The camera does not come with a little camera bag, but hey, most of the little bags provided with electronic stuff is lame anyway.  It does come with a cord to hold it, but I didn't put it on.Lastly...NO LENS COVER...totally cool, it has it's own that opens and closes when you turn it on and off.  Nothing to lose and no "uh duh take the lens cap off" moments.Hope this has been useful.  A very worthy purchase.  ....