I would like to begin by acknowledging that the Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 is the finest compact digital imaging product ever made. I'm a quasi-professional digital media enthusiast with many years of experience in film and photography and I've taken over three months to experiment with the ZS3 before writing this review.Why I chose the ZS3:I conducted over four months of intense research before choosing the Panasonic ZS3. First I was planning to purchase a "bridge" camera (a crippled DSLR with a fixed super-zoom lens) like the Sony Cybershot HX1 or the Canon PowerShot SX1 IS. I thought about it for a while and almost made a purchase. Then, through a flash of wisdom, I asked myself this question: what's the point of sacrificing the superior image quality of a DSLR for a camera that's neither cheap nor portable? I continued my research and, much to my surprise, discovered a pocket-sized camera with a wide-angle 12X zoom lens, providing a 35mm-equivalent focal length of 25-300mm. I thought I was hallucinating. I used to own a fantastic Olympus DSLR and I couldn't achieve the zoom range of the ZS3 with two expensive DSLR lenses COMBINED. The ZS3 has enabled me to integrate my skills in film and photography with a single compact camera that gives more bang per buck and cubic inch than any other camera out there.My observations/suggestions (after 3 months of testing):>Durable. This thing is solid as a rock and heavy for its size. At the same time, it'll fit in almost any pocket.>Video quality is fantastic at 720p with good lighting. Video can be grainy in low light, as with most cameras.>Despite limited manual settings, HDR photography IS indeed doable with the ZS3! Simply adjust the EV (exposure) between -2 and +2. Make sure to use a tripod. Take 3 photos at -2, 0, and +2, respectively to achieve optimal results. Then, of course, you'll need software to combine and modify these images to produce the HDR effect.>You can't manually adjust the focus, aperture, or shutter speed, though you can do just about everything else!>Never go above ISO 400! The image noise is unacceptable, as with almost all small-sensor cameras.>The iA feature almost always produces optimal results in good lighting. You can also take great photos in low light if you lock the ISO at a maximum of 400 and keep the camera very steady, preferably with a tripod or solid surface.>This camera can do both telephoto and macro. There are even dedicated macro settings that enable you to focus on objects less than 1cm away from the lens. The "macro zoom" setting allows you to digitally zoom in to get even closer. Using that setting, I was able to clearly see the pixels on my monitor!>This camera is powerful, but discreet. With a DSLR, you may attract a lot of unwanted attention from security and thieves alike. In my international travels, I've been stopped by security guards on multiple occasions for simply taking photos of public places with a DSLR. Some parts of the world are still a little cameraphobic. Using a small camera, I've never run into problems with security (or thieves). By the way, the Olympus DSRL I mentioned earlier was stolen on one my international trips due to its high resale value. Compact cameras look innocent, so you'll be able to do more and capture more with a compact camera like the ZS3.>Take time to discover all the features and functions of this camera to get the most out of it.>I recommend getting an additional battery if plan to travel or do a lot of video recording. I got the SterlingTek's POWWER Panasonic DMW BCG10PP Digital Camera ID secured battery and it works beautifully with about twice the battery life of the ZS3's stock battery.>At under $250, you will not find a more capable camera on the market. This same exact camera used to cost $400.Who should own a ZS3?:Anyone who believes, as I do, that the best photos are the result of being in the right place at the right time should own a ZS3. Skill is not as important as luck--that's what I learned after 10 years of photography. The ZS3 is small enough to carry around 24-7. Life is unpredictable. Never miss another great shot that was too good to plan for. If you want a powerful camera that you can use while being discreet and mobile, the ZS3 is your best option as of January, 2010. If you're willing to wait several months, keep an eye out for future compact cameras that may very well top this one. Until then, rest assured that the ZS3 is the king of compacts.