I've been using Canon cameras for almost 20 years.  I started with the AE-1 and have owned 4 additional Canon cameras since then.  My current camera is a Canon XSi which is a great camera and I have not had any issues with it at all, but I wanted something a little faster and something that could manage low light situations without needing to resort to a flash.I researched cameras extensively before purchasing the 7D.  I looked at the T3i, T2i, 60D, 7D, and 5D Mark II.  In the end, it was the wealth of features available on the 7D that won me over.The T2i, T3i, and 60D are excellent cameras and anyone choosing them will be quite happy - they can take excellent photos, have enough raw pixel size to allow for significant cropping/enlargements, and can even shoot full HD video if you desire.  If you are a starting photographer and want a great camera to 'get your feet wet' there aren't any better choices that those cameras.  For me, however, I knew I wanted something bigger, more powerful, and with more features.That really brought me to the 7D or the 5D Mark II.  Both are excellent cameras for the Pro-AM or Semi-Pro photographer.  In fact, both would even work for full-on professional photographers without any issues.  The primary difference between the two (at least in my decision making process) was the full-frame sensor in the 5D Vs. the crop factor sensor in the 7D.  Trying to look up the differences between these sensors will drag you, kicking and screaming, into a bitter argument and BOTH sides swear they are right.  Crop factor is better because of the added 'zoom'.  Full frame is better because it has less pixel density and therefore less ISO corruption.  The list goes on and on and on and, really, doesn't end up meaning much.  The crop factor sensor in this camera is lightyears ahead of a full-frame sensor found in Canon cameras that are even just 5 years old.  You can get EXCELLENT photos from either sensor.  You can get acceptable low-light behavior from either sensor.  You can have photos from either camera published.  The differences really come down to what kind of photography you find yourself doing most often.  If you spend a lot of time shooting tight spaces, close-up portraits, and super-fine detail work, a 5D may be the better choice (although you can easily overcome the limitations on the 7D crop factor sensor with a lens purchase or two).  If you shoot action, outdoors, zoom photography, the 7D is a better choice.The 7D is a dream for me.  The 8FPS shooting makes it so much easier to capture wildlife or motorsports shots that I just couldn't get before.  The auto-focus is INCREDIBLY fast and sharp....  I've been shooting cars at an automotive drifting event where the cars are sliding sideways towards me at 90mph and all 15 or 20 rapid-fire shots I took were perfectly sharp and in focus.  With the $1000 I saved over the 5D, I purchased some fantastic L glass which simply fit perfectly with this system.The versatility of the 7D is still impressing me.  I can go from shooting a motorsports event to shooting an indoor birthday party and everything is crisp, clear, and exposed just right.  If I want to get 'artistic' it is easy to flip a few switches and alter aperture or shutter settings.  This is a camera that I will continue to grow in to for years.