2011 update:  Since I have written this first review, I have bought two ther cameras, a Pentax SLR and a Panasonic Lumix.  I still use this Nikon as it remains highly functional, easily portable and is unique in that it is the smallest camera with a hot shoe that I have.  Lighting is essential for good photographs and having the hot shoe helps me with flexibility.Original review:Wow what a great little camera!  I bought this to photograph family members and to take with me on trips.  This was a replacement for a much older 5 MP Sony that I had.  I had traded my old Canon A-1 for the Sony after much careful shopping around.  For this current iteration of camera shopping, I checked out the local Best Buy and Ritz to compare features on all of the latest cameras and decided on the Nikon P5100.  The sales staff at both of these places did not know much about the Nikon as it had just come in.  The Canon Powershot G9 was nice, but I was worried about design-flaws and quality issues that were described in recent reviews on Amazon (including tilted LCD screens, and extraneous lines and pixels on the display.  After trying it out and comparing with some other cameras, I decided on the Nikon.The Nikon P5100 Coolpix offers a mix of being simple and convenient to use and features that allow flexibility and some experimentation.  It is a great looking camera and very light with its magnesium body.  I was very impressed with the design and functionality included in this camera.The placement of controls and the handle allows for easy one-handed operation while shooting.  The wheel for review of photos was new to me as the Sony did not have this feature.  Very nice.Accessories -I bought a Nikon SB-400 AF Speedlight for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras to go with this.  The SB-400 takes two AA batteries.  I put the Energizer e2 Lithium AAs, which are lighter than many of the other AA batteries.  Keeps it lightweight, but very functional.  Having had experience with Sony and Canon Digital cameras previously, the built-in flash, while useful for close-ups do not work well in settings like the school auditorium for my children's events or out at night in an outdoor setting where distance is a problem.  I can get about 80 to 90 feet range with the SB-400.I also bought a Nikon wideangle lens and the Nikon URE20 Converter Adapter Ring.  Putting these together, the camera looks, feels, and functions like something that cost twice as much to put together.I can also strip it down to the the base unit and still have a very functional digital pocket-sized camera.I did not like any of the cases available from Nikon.  The base unit fit perfectly into the pocket case that came with the camera bag set from Expedition Outfitters - which I purchased from Sam's Club.Trying it out -The camera is fast and does not get caught up between shots like some of the other digital cameras I have tried.  The camera is SD and SDHC compatible as far as memory cards go.  I have had no problems with 1 GB SD, 2 GB SD and 4 GB SDHC cards.  I have an 8 GB SDHC card on order.I am finding that I need the larger cards to shoot any practical length of video with this camera.  A 1 GB card will fit about 20 minutes of video using the 640 resolution or 333 still shots at 12.1 MB per shot.  I have been trying out the difference between Class 2, 4, and 6, with Class 6 being the faster read/write for the SD cards.  While technically, the speed may be faster, with day to day shooting of family shots and nature shots, it is not as important.  However, I do notice the difference when I am uploading the photos onto my MacBook.  The Class 4 and 6 really do reduce the down-load time.  Also, they are much faster than my old Sony Memory Sticks that I had been used to.The 12.1 MP resolution is great for blowing up the photos, or for cropping.  The 5 MP on my old camera was pushing the resolution when I tried to make a poster or when I tried to print an 8 x 10 of a cropped shot.The low-light function on the camera works well and I get some great photos in indoor situations when I would rather not use flash.  The macro feature is great on this camera for my close-ups of plants and to record signage to mark Events with my photo batches (iPhoto on the Mac).The videos are great and work well on this camera, even though it was not designed with that use primarily in mind.  The zoom/wide angle feature is smooth and allows for some basic video technique.The lithium powercell for the Nikon lasts a decent amount of time.  I bought 3 to rotate out as they get used when I am on a trip.  They are very light and compact.  They are also easy to swap.  The camera comes with an AC charger for the power unit, but not the AC adaptor for the camera, which you have to buy separately should you need one.Summary -Again, this is an all-around, great camera, light-weight, functional, and the best of the new 12.1 MP point & shoot cameras that is upgradeable as of late 2007.  I hope that I will be as happy with this camera for the next several years as I had been with my Sony.