The short and sweet of it is this probably the sub-compact camera that will give you the best Image Quality (IQ) of any other camera in this category.  I do not consider the Panny LX3 as being in this category as it is larger.  If size is not an issue, then an interesting comparison can be drawn whereby they both produce excellent output with their own pluses and minuses.  But, the LX3 was simply too large for my uses.What it Is - This is a specialty compact camera much like the F30 and F31fd before it.  I owned both of those cameras.  I call it "specialty" because you have to coax it a bit to get the best IQ from it, just like the F30 or F31fd.  Just like the earlier Fxx series, you can't rely on "Auto" modes to yield the best pictures.  This camera, just like the earlier Fxx series, hikes the ISO way too much for the shot at hand in most cases.  I believe that this was done to absolutely insure that no blurry pictures occur.  Anyone with decent technique can take crystal clear pictures at much lower ISO's and lower shutter speeds if the subject is still.Advantages over the F31fd:Better lens, MUCH less purple fringingSharper pictures even in 6MP modeWider and longer reachImage StabilizationBetter Noise Profile - Noise reduction is less aggressive thereby retaining more detail in 6MP mode.  Noise may be a bit more prevelant, but it is much less bothersome on the F200exr.  It is more film like in terms of grain, not that blotchy colored mess that can often be seen on cameras in this class.12MP high resolution is there if desired and the subject is suited to it.MUCH better WB.  The F31fd was way too cool when doing typical shooting outdoors.  I had to put it on the "cloudy" setting to get it to a more realistic balance even in sunny conditions.  This is not the case with the F200exr.  The white balance does a great job indoors and out. One less thing to fiddle with on the F200exr.Dynamic Range, though not as high as billed, is better than the F31fd when in 6MP mode.Disadvantages:Shorter battery lifeLens is slower on the wide end, 2.8 vs. 3.3.(I really hope they come out with an E900 update to address these issues)Manual control, just like the F31 can be difficult when compared to the LX3 or the FZ28.  There isn't the PASM modes on the selector dial, though a P mode and M mode are offered, but not at the level of control that you would get with a cam that gives you full control.What it isn't - Fuji has billed this as the ultimate point and shoot.  While it can certainly function in that role, you will not get the best IQ out of it that way.  This is why you will see the occassional 1 and 2 star reviews with this camera, just like with the F31fd.  The F31fd in knowledgeable hands could produce photographs of spectacular quality as does the F200exr.  But, don't expect it to do that in auto point and shoot mode including the exr auto mode (jumping to high ISO's way too fast).  Pannies don't do that and the LX3 may be better choice for this kind of shooting.  It's auto mode tends to peak at ISO 400 until very low shutter speeds are encountered, and then it will increase the ISO from there.  This is similar to the FZ28, which I do have.  Great zoom cam btw.  Panny also accounts for movement in the frame too.  The LX3 also has that awesome F2.0 lens offering over at least a 1 stop advantage over the Fuji.  This would be great if you didn't have to pocket the thing.  The menus on the Fuji just aren't as easy to use as some other cams in this class and don't seem to offer the level of features either.  This has not changed from the F31.In summary, this camera, like the F31fd before it, is all about the sensor.  You will have to put up with some annoyances in terms of camera features, but the output really is spectacular for a camera of this size.  Know what this camera is and is not before you buy it, and you won't be dissappointed.  If it is IQ in a pocketable compact you are after, then you have reached your destination.