I bought this on November 17, 2011 so I have had this bad boy for a long enough time to really know it and take a lot of photos with it.This camera was the successor to my Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ5Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ35 12.1MP Digital Camera with 18x POWER Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 2.7 inch LCDSo let's get started with the review.POWER - Like all electronics Power is necessary, and so are a necessary evil. Batteries. I found the battery that came with the camera to be quite good in terms of quality and life but if you are an active shooter who does not get around to a charger extremely often or forgets to charge then you will want to buy extra batteries and an external charger. This camera can either use externally charged batteries or you can charge one in the camera and use it at the same time with the included AC adapter, the AC adapter is extremely useful and is a welcome addition to my suitcase when traveling as whenever you are near an outlet you can juice it up or even shoot video or photos without touching the internal battery. This is great for when you are filming from a tripod and are not moving around much and are near an outlet, same goes for when you are shooting pictures from a tripod and not moving much.BUILD QUALITY - The camera is solid feeling and has a very durable look to it, the finish is not a shiny finish that will scratch, it is a dull finish for the camera body with speckles, almost texturized. I find this to be very welcome in my equipment. The lens has a shiny finish around the ring for zoom and focus which look's like it would get scratched ugly instantly yet I have had mine for over a year and put it to hell and back and still no scratches. The zoom / focus ring its self has some small scratches but that's the hard knock life my camera's live. The articulating screen is welcomed by me as it is not flimsy and is very solid on this camera, unlike some other camera's that I have tried. This screen is something I am not totally going to panic if I drop the camera. The lens and optics even when dirty produce the same quality images.IMAGE QUALITY - This camera produces stellar images all around, even in the pitch black of night time photographing the moon at 120x digital zoom came out very smooth with a minimal effect of image fringing which is common in digital zoom! This camera produces wonderful HDR stills with no Photoshop Required, just select Backlight Correction HDR, shoot the picture, and wait about 5 seconds and the screen pops out a HDR image! I really love working with this cameraVIDEO QUALITY - This camera produces wonderful HD video but there is only one kick in the teeth, you are limited to 30 minutes per video segment, and then you lose 5 seconds while it closes the file on the memory card, then you can tap record again. Annoying but otherwise okay. It is a camera, no one said this is a Camcorder. If you plan on shooting a lot of video where time is crucial then consider a Camcorder.Professional quality camera without the Professional price and need of being a professional to run it. And if you are a pro then you will appreciate this camera's manual focus and manual setting mode as you can go from a full auto into a SLR-like experience at the flip of a switch.Overall this camera beats every other super zoom camera I have tried hands down.If you are on the fence about buying this camera for photography get off the fence and get in the door and buy it.If you are on the fence about buying it for video, think again and consider a Camcorder.