I've been shooting with a Digital Rebel for about a year, that camera is great but it just plain doesn't have big enough onboard memory buffers for the kind of fast action I tend to shoot. This camera, when coupled with a high speed Compact Flash card will rarely bog down and quit shooting when using continuous mode (5 fps) (even more so if you aren't shooting in full quality mode since more frames fit in the buffers). The difference between this baby and the Rebel is like the difference between a Yugo and a Cadillac, just no comparison!  The Rebel is a starter camera, this is a real camera.  There are three different metering modes, three different types of AF and single and continuous shooting modes available in all "creative modes" (i.e. other than the stock modes they give you for common situations and of course in auto mode). I haven't had a chance to shoot a whole lot with the 20D yet but so far I'd say it's much faster (both on startup and between shots) than the Rebel and much more capable in "mixed-lighting" situations than the Rebel is. With the rebel, the combination of mercury vapor gymnasium lighting and flash would give my shots these awful yellow backgrounds, so far the 20D is handling this situation in a superior manner--i.e. no annoyingly colored backgrounds (Auto White Balance control is much better here).  If you use IS lenses I suggest you buy the battery grip. The 20D is made of metal and much more ergonomic than the Rebel but someone with big hands will probably still like the battery grip to make the camera easier to hold onto. The built in flash on the 20D is capable but for real shooting you'll want a professional flash. Canon speedlights (550/580EX) are the most integrated but there are other cheaper choices that are just as good (but may not be as integrated).  The 20D has a flash sync port on the side for a "potato masher" handle style flash unit such as made by Metz, Sunpak, etc.  This is a pricey camera for most of us but worth the money, I am going to have a lot of fun with this.  One last comment: The 20D apparently incorporates some advanced circuitry that operates with the flash to conserve flash power, it's my impression this is more refined on the 580EX than the 550EX but on my first shoot I did notice far less misfires with the 550EX on this camera than on the Rebel.  If you're torn between jumping on a Rebel or saving for a 20D then save for the 20D it's more than twice the camera the Rebel is and if you shoot fast moving sports you won't be happy with the Rebel Original, the XT is supposedly a bit improved but I still don't believe they've done very much about improving the image buffers and that is where the 20D shines.  Now that I've got my hands on a 20D I'm curious about what the even more expensive Canons can do.