I purchased an used one with "very good" quality on Amazon couple of weeks ago after reading all the positive reviews on the web. I also have Samsung SL720 (12.2MP, 5X zoom, HD video) purchased from Amazon couple of months ago. I was not very happy with the sharpness of indoor images of SL720 though other qualities were pretty good. So I was looking for a better alternative with better image quality, higher zoom. I did couple of weeks of research and it came down to Samsung HZ15W and this Lumix DMC-ZS3. It was hard to decide with good reviews of both, but I finally decided to give this Lumix a try.The first thing I noticed on Lumix ZS3 is its high quality LCD screen and intuitive menu/display info system. The still shot image qualities are very sharp as I expected from reviews. The image stabilization seems to work very well too. It has a lot of auto-focus modes to choose from. In the iA mode, it's fixed to face detection mode or 11-points mode. In the normal mode, it offers a lot of AF modes and I found that cetral 1 point high speed mode with continuous pre-focus mode on gives me pretty fast and accurate AF performance. So that's what I like to use in AF setting. The iA mode is fully automatic with very little things to adjust in the menu setting. But I wish it offers more options in the image resolution size, aspect ratio and quality. In the iA mode, the image quality is fixed to "super high" (large files) and the choice of image resolution is limited to only 10M, 5M in 4:3 aspect ratio. In the normal mode, it offers a lot more options in the resolution and aspect ratio.Now here are some disappointing performances of ZS3 to me. First, the color of indoor images with flash looks somewhat weird, not so realistic. It seems to add too much pink or purple color to the background. I played with ISO, WB settings in the normal mode to try to avoid it, but I couldn't prevent those weird color from the indoor images. Samsung cameras are making a lot more realistic, natural looking colors for indoors shots with flash compared to this Lumix ZS3. If I turn off the flash, the indoor color gets more realistic, but still not as good as SL720 with flash off. Outdoor shots look fine in the color quality. Another minor indoor issue is that the image brightness seems to fall off quite rapidly toward the edges. Also the indoor images look somewhat darker than SL720 in general. The image sharpness is a little better than SL720 in general, but the high ISO noise is not so different when I took closer look at magnified large pictures.The HD video feature is another one that I had high expectation on this camera too. I can play AVCHD files in VLC media player or Cyberlink's powerdirect video edit software, so it's none issue to me. The initial testing result looked good to me. But I noticed the size of AVCHD files even with the middle quality setting "H" ("SH" is the highest) is about 33% larger than MP4 HD files from SL720. I wish it's a little smaller in file size. The color and brightness issues I mentioned above for still images don't seem to be here in videos. It looks more accurate and well balanced than still images. However, I recently noticed some glitches in the recent videos played back. Sometimes the color noise in some area near the edge of screen pops up like flashing and quickly disappears. In some video clips it keeps happening multiple times, especially when I move the pointing direction to follow moving person or object. This is very annoying glitch and I am not sure if this is the issue with this particular used product or common one with ZS3.I really wanted to like this ZS3, but I can't get over those two issues (inaccurate indoor color, video noise patch popping up). It's otherwise very good compact high zoom camera. Next time around, I would probably look for Samsung HZ30W.Update (04/06/10): I played with AVCHD files more in other softwares and also on the Youtube. It seems to me that VLC media player is causing the weird color noise flashing from time to time. Cyberlink powerdirector and Youtube play it back much better, smoothly. Powerdirector still shows slight color noise, but better than VLC player. So this is probably due to software codec issue or something like that. Overall MP4 files have better supports and compatibility, I think.Update (04/08/10): After some more testing for indoor shots, it seems clear to me that flash lamp is ruining the color of background objects. It's not exactly white, but a bit more like light blue. Also the camera is trying to keep ISO as small as possible close to 100 when it's using flash and ISO is set to auto or intelligent. You can't change that behavior in iA mode. So I tried indoor shots with ISO set to 200, 400 in normal mode, and it greatly improved the accuracy of background colors. I wonder what others are experiencing with indoor shots with flash.