When my son was born, a friend gave us a Summer Infant Best View (older model than what's currently sold). That one worked very well. Remote pan/tilt. Good audio reception and volume. Decent range. And a monitor module that had a belt-clip so you can easily bring it around and keep it on you. Unfortunately the Summer Infant died after about 19 months of regular use. I felt it should've lasted longer, so I decided to try a different brand.After reading many online reviews, I decided to try this Lorex. AT THE TIME, it had great reviews all over the place. Unfortunately, after purchasing it, I was disappointed. This Lorex has design flaws that makes it functionally inferior to the Summer Infant model that I had. They are:- A monitor unit that is designed to be stationary. It has no clip for you to hang on your belt/waist. This is an annoyance because you always have to carry it around by hand or set the monitor on a table. If I'm doing chores around the house, the only way I can keep the monitor with me is if I hold it or if I happen to have a pocket.- A flimsy pop-out antenna that has little or no effect on the reception. Just keep the antenna folded up. It makes no difference.- Poor reception range. Yes, the Summer Infant's antenna stuck out like a thumb, and the monitor unit is not as pretty as the Lorex iPod-like form factor design, but it worked and the antenna wasn't flimsy.- A camera module that can't be mounted to the wall (The Summer Infant had screw holes for you to mount). This is a major annoyance because if you really want to monitor your child well, mounting any camera to a high-point in your room is a must. The Lorex camera module is really meant to sit on table or shelf (generally too low to get a good bird's-eye view). Additionally, you can't tilt the camera much below the horizon level, so your vertical viewing angle is quite limited.Now for the mildly annoying things about this baby monitor. Lorex tries to cram additional gimmicky features that aren't designed and implemented well, just so they can double the price. Some of these gimmicky features are:- Live/Skype is gimmicky and really shouldn't be part of a baby-monitor's feature set. That's what today's laptops and phones are for. You don't need to take my word for it, just read other people's thoughts on this particular feature.- The speaker on the monitor unit is quite poor. The volume level is not very loud. I think that's why they implemented this digital beep feature on the monitor if the camera detects a spike in noise level. The digital beep is much more noticeable if the ambient noise of your room is high. But really, if the volume on your monitor was actually loud enough, that digital beep feature wouldn't be needed.- Record video and audio. I just don't see myself using the recording feature at all. The video resolution and quality is only sufficient for me to monitor my son's presence. I'm not certain what the resolution is, but it's quite low -- probably around 640x489 -- less than 1 megapixel for sure. If I wanted to shoot/record something memorable, I'm taking out my 16 megapixel point and shoot camera.For heaven's sake, why can't someone just make a really good quality baby monitor with great basics, great design, no gimmicks, and charge a decent price for it? Whatever happened to refinement and making a product better and better. If you're going to cram in new features, you have to make sure the basics work really well.So you see, after reading and watching all the great reviews about this Lorex baby monitor, I really thought this would at least be just as good, if not better than, my old monitor. Unfortunately it fell far from expectations. As a result, I highly suspect Lorex paid (or somehow recruited) many people to provide positive reviews when they first released this product. If true, this kind of practice is unacceptable and deceptive to the consumer. For this reason alone I would give this product a zero-star rating.