I was considering purchasing this camera for personal use but was turned off by the reviews.  However, I needed a waterproof camera for work, and this ended up being the only one available immediately in town.  I am glad it was.  I use this camera primarily for taking close-ups (think inches) away in either bright sunlight or very dim and shadowed areas.  It even has a LED that can be turned on to light up very close pictures.  It doesn't overshadow those close-ups like a flash can.  In fact, there's the general close-up mode, the super close-up mode, and then the ultra close-up mode with the LED.  The general close-up mode will use a flash, and I've found it works fine to leave it on when taking regular pictures as well.  The super close-up does not allow you to use a flash, but it can take closer pictures.  The LED is amazing.  These modes would be great for engagement rings, baby feet and fingers, and pretty much everything.  You only have to be a few inches away for it to focus.There are many different options with this camera.  I've found that I stay most often in the program mode.  I will agree with other uses that sometimes the pictures appear washed out or too dark, in which case, you can adjust the amount of light you want in.  It is very easy and has worked every time for me.  There is a beauty mode, several underwater mode, pets mode, etc.  I like the artistic modes too, although I have not had much excuse to use them at work.I also use it in dark areas (think dusk to twilight) to focus on objects 20 feet away.  The camera is the slowest when taking multiple pictures in a row with the flash.  The flash does take some time to recharge, but I don't think this is a big issue.  I don't want to have anyone moving so fast inside my house that I can't wait for the flash to recharge.  Outside, you can turn the flash off, and the camera still takes clear pictures.I rated the durability at a 4 because after reading the review from the gentleman who left the camera on his golf cart, I was careful not to expose the screen to any sharp objects, but the screen was still scratched within the first week.  This camera definitely needs a carrying case or maybe buy one of those cling-on screen covers used for cell phones.  An as yet unfounded fear is that buttons and seals do not look particularly waterproof.  I have not taken it underwater though, and I have no plans to.I've tested the shock absorbing capabilities as it falls out of my pocket while sitting down onto tile floor below.  No damage noted.In short, a great little camera.  I think you'll be the most satisfied with it if you know some basic concepts of photography (such as providing adequate and appropriate lighting), but this is a solid little camera.  All I have to do now is wait for my little Cannon Powershot to kick the bucket....