I wrote a review on the Canon SX10is after taking it on a trip to Italy. I can safely say the new SX20is, from me, will get just as positive of a review since my recent upgrade to it. And a lot from that review can be repeated here as well.  After getting the camera and finding a good home for the SX10 to a friend of mine, I read in some camera site reviews of the SX20 that there are a few undocumented differences. Most are improvements in features and quality, etc but there are also a couple things that were taken away from the SX20 that the SX10 had. The audio recorder was removed. The unit still records excellent stereo sound while in the HD video mode (improved from the standard video on SX10). Another revision was the Superfine mode. It's gone. Again, unknown why. There is also a slightly slower frame rate in the multi-shot mode as well. But all these minor differences can be lived with when comparing the great feature improvements. If you liked the SX10, IMHO, you're going to love the SX20 for, as the mentioned HD video, the graduation from 10MP to 12MP resolution, improved distance of the onboard flash and the new built in hint feature to tell you about camera modes. All the things that I liked about the SX10 are still on the SX20 thank goodness. Even the macro feature has been improved as well. But sadly, the full instruction manual can only be found in pdf format on the included CD. There's no printed full manual as was with the SX10. It was in print.  All the extras that I got for the SX10 will transfer over to the newer camera as well. Such as the filter adapter ring, filters, special lens, external flash, etc. I can still use my extra long life (2850mAh) rechargeable Ansmann AA's too. If you get the filter ring & filters, you'll have to get a new standard 58mm lens cap. I also got a lens cap tether that really keeps me from losing it.  Please, do not let anyone tell you that using AA batteries in a digital camera is a disadvantage. It's not. Proprietary batteries are expensive to buy extras and once the company discontinues them and your batteries wear out, your expensive camera is useless. I strongly think, AA's are going to be around for a long time. While in Italy, over 1600 pictures were taken on the three week trip. I was able to take well over 600 shots on the first set of rechargeables. But while in Venice, so many pictures were taken in one day, I did run out. What to do? Just pop into the nearest store and buy an inexpensive set of AA's and the camera was back in business. If the battery would have been proprietary, I would have been stuck. I now have a camera bag that can carry additional batteries. Ansmann and Powerex batteries have tested as some of the longest lasting capacity units.  You are going to love the flexibility of this unit's powerful zoom lens. It's equivalent to a 560mm zoom lens. With the SX10, I was able to zoom in to catch a full frame view of the golden Virgin Mary on top of the famous Duromo in Milan. The SX20 has the same lens. Unlike a full DSLR, you won't have to carry or change any heavy lens to take such a picture. Just zoom in and shoot. Macro focus is just as good. I've been able to take excellent macro close ups of the tiniest flowers. Again, without changing lens.  I carried my SX10 everywhere I went on the trip and did a lot of walking doing it. The SX20 is basically the same camera weight-wise. There was never a problem with the camera feeling heavy. Carrying extra lens with a full DSLR would though. Feature for feature, as of this writing, to me, is the best point and shoot camera you can get. Yes, a DSLR camera will take noticeably better pictures. The pros will tell you about minor video noise in lower light situations, etc. But overall, the quality of these photos are great. Unless you plan on making full size posters from your pictures, I assure you, that you will be happy with them. The automatic mode takes excellent pictures and you'll also have the advantage, when needed, to make manual settings as well like a full DSLR. Truly, you'll have the best of both worlds so to speak.