The SX120 is a great value that will provide better results than the Elph series of cameras.  Color, contrast, and white balance are accurate.  Exposure metering is also accurate.  There is some highlight clipping, but that is common to just about every point and shoot.  Pictures are fairly clean when shot at ISO 400 and below, it gets noisy at higher ISOs.The 10x zoom provides an impressive range of focal lengths, although I wish it went wider than 36mm (35mm equivalent).  The center area is sharp, but it gets soft in the corners, especially at the wider focals.  Unfortunately CA (purple fringing) is significant in high contrast areas, but this can be corrected during post processing.  The lens stays surprisingly sharp at the longer focal lengths and the IS feature works well.The camera offers some impressive exposure modes for a point and shoot.  Manual, Shutter Priority, Aperture Priority, and Programmed mode are all great.  These four modes allow a great deal of creativity.  The Smart Auto modes are REALLY bad, just like all of the recent Powershots.  When shooting indoor flash in one of the two Smart Auto modes the camera will commonly select a very low shutter speed, which will result in a blurry shot due to camera shake.  Smart Auto mode will also constantly hunt for a special scene mode and it will boost the ISO higher than is really necessary.  The results will be very unpredictable and generally poor.  The various scene modes are also fairly useless.  For best results in an "Auto" mode switch to "P" mode, turn on auto ISO, auto flash, evaluative meter, large file size, fine quality, auto white balance, photo effects off, and IS on continuous.  The results will be more consistent and predictable than a Smart Auto mode and more importantly the shutter speed when shooting indoor flash will never drop below 1/60.  The 1/60 shutter will get you sharper flash shots than the slower shutter speeds the Smart Auto modes allow.I get about 300 pictures on a set of fully charged Eneloops.  I personally love the manual pop-up flash, but I'm guessing that this design is not for everyone.  The flash is much further away from the lens than most point and shoots which helps to reduce redeye.  The flash is also bigger and more powerful than the flash units in the Elph models.  The flash recycle time is fairly slow.  Shot to shot recycle time without flash is about average for a point and shoot.  Time to focus is also about average for a point and shoot.  There is no HD video option and the sensor in this camera is a little smaller than just about every other Canon Powershot available today.  I don't mind the lack of HD video and the smaller sensor does not appear have a negative impact on the image quality (compared to other Powershots).  This is a pretty big and heavy point and shoot, I wish the camera had a more defined grip (like my old A570IS).This camera is a very good value for $180 as long as you are not expecting D-SLR results.  It provides better results than the Elph sub-compacts and it has a lens with a much wider range of focals (wish it went wider).  I'd recommend avoiding the two Smart Auto modes, use "P" mode instead.  As far as image quality goes, the SX120 is probably the third best Canon point and shoot available right now.  The much more expensive G11 and S90 are better, the rest of the Canon lineup is either about equal or worse.