I have owned this camera for about an hour now. If it breaks I'll change my mind, but so far I'm THRILLED. It's just what I wanted -- a little digital camera with a really wide-angle lens and lots of automatic settings.I can understand a lot of the criticisms here, and here are my responses:Not the greatest pictures, especially indoors:So far I've only taken pictures inside. What I have learned is: I have to play around with the settings. I've taken some lousy, dark pictures, but I've also taken some GREAT pictures! This depends upon flash settings, what "scene" I'm choosing, and a few other variables I'm learning to manipulate. I just took a pretty great picture of my cat close-up, in artifical light. This camera can take some great indoor pictures but I see I have to do some research/practice to get it to do its stuff.That stupid "door" on the SD holder:It isn't just flimsy, it's bizarre. I will be careful with it. However I'm going to use it a lot, which brings me to the next thing:You have to use the dock to charge the battery and get your pictures into your computer:You sure don't. You can easily charge the battery by plugging the AC adapter into the camera (somebody else mentioned this, but people still seem to think it's an issue); AND you can get the pictures into your camera by simply transferring your SD card into your computer. I happen to have an SD slot in my laptop. If you don't have one, get a card reader, they've become very cheap. I just put the SD card into my computer and the Wizard (WinXP) copied the pictures into My Pictures in about 30 seconds.In sum: you can ignore that dock if you want to. And the Kodak software.Shortish battery life:I don't know about this yet since I've only charged it once, but I already see I can get a replacement battery clone for about $13 in a whole bunch of places on the web, and that's what I'm going to do --- and probably a little separate battery charger so I can make sure I have charged batteries lying aroundThe fuzzy LCD screen:True, but I can live with that.The panoramic shots:This is incredible! I love it. It makes the camera so great. It's why I bought the camera in the first place. (that is ,the super wide angle lens).You have to wait 5 seconds before you can shoot another picture:No you don't. If, right after you take your shot, you push down hard, through TWO clicks, on the button, you can take another picture immediately. It tells you about this in the manual -- it's an "override" for the 5-second review thing.You can't save your custom settings for the next time you turn on the camera:Yes you can. Push the "scenes" button and scroll down til you see the yellow wrench (I think that's what it is) and push "OK" and your setting s will be saved.You can't do RAW and this and that:Of course not. It's not that kind of camera. It's a point-and-shoot automatic camera, basically. I have other cameras for other things (such as the Olympus C-2100 10X Classic Phallus Zoom to take pictures of birds).This camera is so great for what it does, though! I think it's unique.I just hope it stays alive for awhile, it seems a little delicate.But I would highly recommend it.