First, let me say I am not a professional photographer..but I do buy A LOT of cameras, and photography is my hobby. Sad to say for my wallet I have owned almost every top rated small point and shoot camera that has come out in the last 2 years. One camera I also had was the famous Fuji F30fd camera. I just HAD to have it because of it's superior low noise at high iso etc. Now..to the Fuji F200EXR. I bought mine from Japan as the price is about the same as USA and I could not wait for the release here. I have only had this Fuji about 5 days but so far these are my impressions about the camera.I had a Fuji F100fd too, The F200 IS clearly better in terms of low noise than the F100fd. But vs the F30fd I am sorry to say at best, the F200exr is as good maybe, Or maybe not quite as good as the F30 re:low light. Overall though the F200exr is a MUCH more well rounded camera than the F30 was. I have noticed that the F200exr seems to use less noise reduction than the F30 did..so maybe it's why on first impression the 200exr may not be QUITE as low noise as the F30/31. Actually I do see more detail at high iso from the 200exr vs the older Fujis. However the EXACT same shots..same light, same iso..The F30 if anything, shows LESS noise than the F200EXR (again MAYBE more noise reduction though..less detail than the 200EXR). However if even noise is equal..the F200EXR has a much better lens (Almost zero purple fringing OUTDOORS compared to the nightmare of the limited F30) It's 28mm..vs the 35mm.it's image stabilized..uses sd cards..has GREAT auto white balance.The intelligent flash really works GREAT. Unlike most cameras I have used I don't see that Canon Wash out with the 200exr.Flash shots overall look VERY good..almost like no flash was used. The image stabilization works but not nearly as well as Canon or Panasonic's image stabilization.On BALANCE I have to rate this F200EXR about the best overall small point and shoot I have ever used..including my use of the Canon SD990 that I recently sold. Also I own an LX3...I would say maybe the noise at 400iso and above is about same with the LX3...the F200EXR blows away the LX3 at iso 1600 (Much less color,chroma noise, more detail)...1600 on this Fuji is actually VERY good and mostly usable vs about every other camera I have ever used.The long story short I feel this F200EXR is a great little camera BUT I think all the hype about the sensor seems a bit over rated. Maybe in terms of how Fuji made this sensor..pixel binning..whatever it's called..it's all great on PAPER but in the real world..why is this camera NOT much better or barely better or as good? re; low light than a 4-5 year old F30fd at same 6 megapixel resolution?  Also the amazing EXR dynamic range mode?..I don't feel it's any better than taking the same shot using a flash for shadow fill in. To sum up again I am not a pro photographer but my eyes tell me though this cam is VERY good.."it's not a world apart from other hyped low noise cameras" BUT it may be actually the Best(low light)point and shoot by a small margin... I DO like the camera very much...but when the dust settles I don't feel this camera is going to be the next F30/F31 "legend"..but it IS a much better camera OVERALL. MUCH better on overall balance, but NOT, a low light stand out particularly, as there is still some noise easy to see 400 iso and above...But this Fuji is a REALLY really good camera... perhaps a GREAT camera, if you take this camera as a whole..not as just the low light winner!