Background: I have had a 35mm SLR camera for years and was a weekend photographer. I knew  that to quicker exposure times on bright days, that I needed to turn the f-stop to a higher number, for  example. I took time exposures by mounting the camera on a tripod  with a remote shutter release...I  knew some times, but was  hardly a professional! Basic stuff.  I spent about 4 weeks  reading every review I could find on 2 megapixel digital cameras. It came  down to several options.  First, several  people tried to convince me to get a Kodak DC280 running about $400. I  didn't.  Why? Because it offers very little manual control  over the camera and Kodak appears to oversaturate  the colors  too much.  Second, I looked at the Nikon Coolpix 800 for  about $400 too. I didn't get it. I went to Best Buy's  several times a week and played with the CP800. The picture quality is  fantastic (see some of the  review websites), but it only had  a 2X zoom and offered manual focusing. It did not allow shutter or  apeture priority.  Third, I decided on the Nikon 950.  I missed out on some of the lowest prices on this back in  Mid-April, but found I could get it from Amazon.com for about $570 after  rebate. I avoided some of  the online stores with bad ratings  on the resellerratings.com website.  Why the 950? Well, I  have had it for about 5 days now and KNOW I made the right choice. Out of  the bag, it takes great pictures under an amazing list of  situations in automatic mode. But...there is  so much  more!  Yesterday, I took it with me to my son's soccer  game. I wanted to take some action shots. In  automatic mode,  all action was blurred. :-( But, I put the 950 into shutter priority mode,  set it to take  pictures at 1/500th of a second (it was  bright daylight), and all action is stop-action. It's great!  I've also used it to take pictures of the moon by placing the 950 on a  tripod and positioning the lens  against my telescope  eyepiece. I used shutter priority mode with exposures of 1/30, 1/60, and  1/125  of a second again. Pictures are stunning. I would not  have been able to do this with the 800 or the  Kodak.  How to get pictures into the computer? If you have a laptop with a  PC card slot, buy a compact flash  adapter for about $10. If  you have a computer with a USB port, buy a compact flash reader to plug  into it (I got mine for about $25). It allows 8MB of pictures to  be transferred to the computer in  about 10 seconds. No  waiting an hour for them to come over the serial port for me!  If you can afford to get the 950, do so. Also try to get some  rechargeable batteries, a compact flash  reader and a bigger  compact flash card.   Strengths: Great pictures in  automatic mode. Ability to set the shutter speed. Good zoom.  Weaknesses: Buy a NIMH charger and some NIMH batteries (there are places  that sell these on ebay  fairly cheap...I got 12 of these  1500Mah for $22). The included 8MB compactflash card is small.  Buy a bigger one. Similar Products Used: Have had a Quicktake 150 and a  Kodak DC50.