I set out to replace an older Sony digital point-and-shoot camera that also had video capability.  I'm 60 and did not want to have to figure out all the various manual controls needed for a perfect shot.  I just wanted a decent photo most of the time and video capability.  I was initially attracted to the Nikon CoolPix series, then the Canon SX-200, and once again Sony, but as I read review after review, I kept seeing the Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 as the benchmark the rest were measured against.  I didn't even know Panasonic made digital cameras, and considered the brand to not be top of the line.  However, the more research I did, the more I realized this was exactly the camera I wanted.  (The very best review I read is [...] please note there are links to more in-depth review information on it...highly recommend you read it all.)What I wanted and why I like it:-  Excellent pixel size and zoom up to 48X.-  Video capability - surprise, this one has high definition, stereo microphones, and zoom capability.-  Minimal manual settings for folks who don't want to figure it all out, yet enough for the things that I might want to do (haven't yet).-  Good battery life and quick recharge capability.-  Easy interface with HD TVs, computers, printers, etc.-  Bright LCD viewer that can be seen in the sunshine.Negatives:  None worthy of turning it down, although...truth in reporting...one flaw I saw reported in reviews was that the mode nob is more loose than most and can change itself without you knowing it...same is true for mine, but really not a big deal!  What is advertised as HD video isn't quite broadcast standard, but I have to agree it is much, much better than the video I had with my older Sony point-and-shoot.  Panasonic also has a newer ACHD format that minimizes video file size, and as noted in various reviews, those files go to a more remote, hard to find location on the memory card, but it really wasn't that hard to find, not really an issue at all.I've put it through lots of tests, touring Hawaii's Kiluea Volcano and National Park two days after receiving it, and now with a new puppy, capturing its  perpetual high-speed motion playing with our older pup, in both HD video and still photos.  As a point-and-shoot, it does really darn well.The only hiccup I've noticed was an attempted quick spin-up to capture the puppy learning to climb steps in video.  I started to record before the camera was ready to go (as soon as it turned on) and it stopped with the warnning something like "speed too fast to write to memory," then "writing to memory," but it froze there.  I couldn't shut down with the off switch, so I removed the battery, which was essentially a re-boot, and it has worked like a champ since. I believe the max spin up time is closer to 5 seconds, and I'll just have to be more patient.Summing up, although higher cost than most, it's a superb digital camera and  a great value.  As someone smart once said, quality is remembered long after cost is forgotten.