Bottom line: This is a real nice camera.What I liked:  (just about everything) - Very good lens.  The images are clear, sharp. - The 3" display is bright, even in daylight. - The camera has a well made and solid feel to it. - Smart Mode (the Samsung version of full auto) really is pretty smart.  All I have to do is make sure the image is composed properly and the camera does the rest.  I do most of my picture tak'n with a DSLR in manual mode and even though this camera does allow me to do that too, I leave it set to Smart Mode most of the time, relax, and still get great pictures. - 24mm wide angle.  I know everyone raves about the 18x zoom (and I will too).  However, also important is that this camera zooms out wider than most in its class.  That means I can capture large groups or wide expanses without having to back up or rely on the (excellent) panorama capabilities.  Wider also means greater depth of field but either you already know that or it's too geeky to explain in this review.  - 432mm optical zoom.  This is extremely long and the camera still manages to capture clear images even without a tripod.  That is because the optical stabilization works real well. - Great low light sensitivity. - Panorama mode.  Very well thought out.  None of this taking multiple images and having the camera stitch them together afterwards.  Just hold down the shutter and pivot.  The camera builds the image as you turn. - Movie mode that works.  It's true hi def.  Also handy (and not available in some other cameras in this class) is the zoom works while you are making the movie.  I also like that you can capture stills at the same time you're taking a video. - There's a burst mode (that finally makes sense).  Sure, just about every camera has something it takes a bunch of pictures starting from when I press the shutter.  So does this one.  However, there's another mode called Precapture where it starts to take pictures when I half press the shutter and *stops* when I press the shutter all the way.  The final eight images are saved.  Aim the camera at your child when they step up to the plate, half press the shutter, and press all the way when you see them contact the ball.  No guessing or worrying about reaction time and somewhere in the eight images that were captured just before, and at the instant when, you pressed the shutter is just the right pose. - The tons of other features that you may use and will have fun playing with.  For example, creative backgrounds like magazine covers on which your picture is placed, the ability to create slide shows, and the ability to add effects to an image *after* you've taken the picture. - Easy photo download and charging using a standard micro-USB cable.  One is included, along with a anywhere-in-the-world charger.  Most people don't need another USB charger (you can also use your laptop, for example) and probably already have the cable too.  Still, it's nice to have. - There is no manual.  I count this as a feature; I'm tired of paying for a printed manual (if it's included then you're paying for it) that has print too small to read and b/w images which tell me nothing.  This comes with a .PDF on CD which is nicely produced in full color and of course indexed, searchable, and in dozens of languages.What I didn't like so much: - Does not capture in Raw mode. - For a camera in this price range I'm starting to expect a built-in GPS.  This takes me to... - Samsung has announced the WB850.  It's this camera with a 21x zoom (starting a touch wider at 23mm), an even better display, built-in WiFi, and... wait for it... a built-in GPS.  I've started to see the price of this camera start to drop.  If you don't need the GPS then this camera will become an even better value.  I already get the WiFi capability with a Eye-Fi Connect X2 4 GB Class 6 SDHC Wireless Flash Memory Card EYE-FI-4CN.Final thoughts: - This is already a great camera value that I expect will become even greater as the newer model drives the price down. - This camera fits into my Case Logic TBC-312 Pocket Video Camcorder Case with Storage (Black) perfectly.