This is my third in the Nikon Coolpix line, and I love it just as much as my previous ones! If you're a fan of any Nikon Coolpix, this will certainly be something you like!My only disappointment is that there isn't a "Sports" setting anymore, which was something I used a lot on my older models. However, the camera takes such fast pictures that it hasn't really become a problem as of yet.Battery life is good... haven't taken the time to see how many pictures it has per charge, but it's held up through at least 200 pictures at a graduation I went to recently without any battery indications.The charger is different than previous the Nikon Coolpix cameras I've owned, as it plugs directly into the camera as opposed to having to remove the battery. I'm not sure whether I like this, because the AC OUT cover is kind of stubborn to come out. Again, it's nothing that's become a problem.The HD movie is pretty cool. I haven't recording much with it, but the quality on it is wonderful. The record button is on the back of the camera, by the menu, which makes it extremely easy to switch from camera to movie. No setting change! This is definitely one of my favorite features, and is perfect if you like to take both stills and video!The zoom is great, and takes crisp shots from a good distance!The smart portrait feature is fun, but probably not something I'll really use. It's a good replacement if you don't want to use the self-timer, but again, it's kind of a pointless feature. Still interesting, though.I haven't played with the Subject Tracker yet, to be honest. I'll add more to this once I get a chance to mess around with it for a little while.Overall, it's a great camera! Not too heavy, though certainly a little bulkier and heavier than my previous Coolpix camera. Hope this helped!***EDIT 7/24/10Okay, after playing with the HD movie, I must say that it's pretty great if you don't mind that it plays on quicktime. The quality is amazing... hard to imagine a digital camera could make video this clear! The Quicktime thing is fairly annoying, and makes editing stuff in Movie Maker a pain, since you have to use a media converter to change the format.I did find out the sports feature does still exist, though not in the same place it has been on my previous Nikon Coolpix cameras. You have to use the menu settings and go under continuous - Sports. A little inconvenient, but I was happy to find it is still on the camera!The battery life is amazing. I took around 900 pictures in one night, as well as 15 minutes of movie and it is still not in need of a charge! With as many pictures as I take, battery life is a BIG thing for me!Overall, I still think it's a wonderful camera and still recommend it after a few months of constant use. Nikon never disappoints!