I love this camera!  This is my 3rd digital upgrade since beginning with digital cameras. I am not a pro in photography, and have no real desire to get into the nitty gritty of apatures and all the tech stuff... but I care deeply about getting some great pictures. SO.. I deal as much as I have to with the technical. I especially love candid people shots, and do a lot of indoor photography in places where constant flash is undesirable, such as weddings and other church services.I discovered that what aids this the most is a big lens, stabilization and good zoom... which led me to this camera, and I was NOT disappointed.The larger lens has allowed me to get the most amazing indoor  with no flash pictures. Yes there are still limitations, and I still get a percentage of blurred photos, but not anywhere near as many as I use to. And the zoom!!!  I just returned from AZ where I took a river boat ride, and a flock of mountain sheep was spotted high on the canyon walls. I could barely see them with my naked eye.. could only really spot them from movement, but I zooming in fully, and kept clicking. Wow! I got the most amazing pictures. I've also gotten some great pictures taken from those tiny airplane windows as the plane is taking off and landing. Some great overviews of the San Francisco bay... and was able to zoom into some boats on the water even. The color is great!You ever try taking people pictures of people who don't like having their pictures taken... like family and friends? With this camera I turned off all sound, use no flash, and am able to zoom in easily from across the room, and I get the best family and friends candid pictures!  Also the best thing I did besides buying this camera was to get an extra battery, and buy a 1MB media card. I seldom run out of room or battery power (beyond this)even when I'm on an extended vacation. Even after 2 weeks in AZ, I just took my SD media card to WalMart and had it put onto a photo CD.. and cleared it for more pictures.  I only needed to do this once... and took over a thousand pics (total) on vacation!  All in all I'm now drooling over the newer and improved models of the same camera!!Pros: Large lens, great zoom, super color, very stable, comfortable grip, good settings and able to take great pictures while you are still learning them. A great point and shoot camera for non technical people who still want great pictures.Cons: I usually use the auto focus and there is a delay of a few seconds while the camera focuses before I can snap the picture. This is a pain sometimes, and I miss some great spur of the moment pics because of it.  The lens cap is a pain, too, as it is not attached. I haven't yet, but am afraid I will lose it. I wish the camera was smaller, but wouldn't trade off the larger lens for lesser quality.