After a long search, I decided on the PowerShot S330 based on extensive reviews on the quality of the image. It is an excellent 2MP camera! Minolta had an ultraslim 2MP, but avid digital camera viewers have said that the shape does not compensate for the poor image quality. As I have come across other 2MP contendors, the ELPH shape is by far the best. Shortly after I bought the camera, Konica came out with a slightly smaller 3.34MP (Konica KD-300Z) for about the same price. However there are few reviews and little product information available... The s330 has the cool Elph shape, is slightly thicker than its predecessors, but has a solid feel to it.A few items of note to guide the (first-time) shopper based on 2 months of use:1. BATTERY. Battery life is very good. I also bought a generic NB-1LH as a back up from SterlingTek; it is purportedly 800mAH, versus the Canon brand 840mAH and previous Canon NB-1L (680mAH)that first came with the s330.2. MEDIA. Bought a 256MB TypeI CF card, and can now get ~256 photos at the highest resolution (vs. the 8MB that comes with the camera). I rarely take that many pictures at a time before a download, so there is also much room for video clips. Being the TypeA that I am, I also bought an extra 128MB at a good price that may come in handy when traveling for tourist-type photos.3. MOVIES. The movie clip quality is as others have remarked, only satisfactory even at the highest resolution setting. (I almost do not notice a difference between settings). However, the clips do include SOUND and provide a TON of ENTERTAINMENT! The files are already at about 3MB size. It would be difficult to share larger files. (For better quality, one should consider a video camera.) The clips are best viewed at about the size of the 1.5" LCD screen. *DO* remember to record in landscape format (!) as you cannot rotate the clip for viewing.4. DOWNLOADING. The software and USB cable method appear to work well. Although downloading directly from the camera will consume batter power, I don't feel compelled to by a CF reader or an AC adapter since I have the extra battery. Others have remarked on the flimsy rubber cover over the A/V out and digital out and speculate that it may not last the life of the camera.5. IMAGES. The images are excellent. If they turn out substandard, you may be able to clean them up w/the accompanying software. If you're good with the manual settings, you can probably get the quality you are looking for. Definitely comparable to my old 35mm; and I don't see a huge difference from a friend's 3MP (Canon Powershot S30).6. LIGHTING/OTHER. The camera has excellent compensation for different lighting (natural, cloudy, flourescent, tungsten, etc.) Alternatively, you can adjust this manually.  The Elph line appears to have problems with red-eye reduction.  Others have remarked that the red-eye reduction setting is less than satisfactory.  Thank goodness for software editing (on CD that comes with camera).7. ZOOM. I think a 3x optical zoom is a MUST for a 2MP camera. Turned off the digital zoom, as I don't want false hope of having quality zoom at the purported ~7.5x total zoom. The zoom is actually slightly better than my old 35mm.8. OTHER MANUAL FEATURES. I've always been a point-and-shoot user, however, there appear to be many manual features that offer a lot of flexibility. I suggest practicing with these features, e.g. exposure, white balance, shutter speed, iso.9. CASE. Doesn't come with camera. I bought the Canon PSC-300 case which has a small hole for the wrist stap to pass though and may be worn on your belt. I tried the PSC-20 case.  It was just too large for me, I could also stick the USB connector in the bottom.  I picked up a cheap case (under ten dollars) by Lowerpro which fits like a glove!  It has a zipper pouch without the annoying velcro flap-over of the PSC-300 and PSC20 that would stick to my wrist strap.I have to admit a bit of "pixel envy", but the 2MP and seems adequate for most of my cropping/enlargement needs, and printing 4x6s to 5x7s, possibly 8x10s. 3MP will likely provide more cropping/enlargement options considering the current optical zoom limits. My criteria were size and image quality for approximately three- to four-hundred US$. When canon comes out with a 3MP I will consider upgrading when the price comes down to current s330 prices.  (Since my original writing Canon came out with the s230--I'm not totally sure which I would buy at this point.)If you're looking for a compact 2MP camera, the s330 is the ONE for you!Update... i just bought the s400.  Love the new processor, smaller size, and 4MP.