This camera has better sound than anything I've used to shoot outdoor concerts, including my husband's ZOOM.  Period.  Three years later, I am still using it, the battery still holds a charge forever, and there's maybe one scratch in the viewer.Here's the review from 3 years ago:I have (and love) a regular Bloggie. For the price, this camera is definitely a worthwhile upgrade.Set up is super easy. I had the camera up and running in under a minute without looking at the instructions. The one thing that isn't completely intuitive is that you have to turn it on before you hook it up to your computer in order to get your images and movies off it. This is a good feature, because you can plug it in to charge it without having your image software launch all by itself. The timer feature was very easy to figure out - just hit the right side of the rocker and then push the still trigger to start the countdown.The Bloggie Software is okay, not too bloated, and quicker than the Flipshare software I used to use with my Flip camera.The sound quality is excellent. I have recorded a live band (outside) without any clipping. I will update the review as soon as I get a chance to test it indoors. Unlike my other Bloggie, the Bloggie 3D records in stereo, which means that I do not have to use another device to record sound when I shoot video with this one. The high end is not as bright as it could be, and the low end is a smidge muddy, but compared to the iPhone camera videos and most other casual video recorders that get posted to youtube, this sounds pretty good.Image stabilization is just okay. I recommend a tripod, especially if you like to shoot stills while recording video. Otherwise, you'll escape some but definitely not all of the jittery stuff typical of small cameras at this price point, and you'll definitely get swoops and lurches when you hit the still camera trigger. Stills are 5mp - same as an iPhone 4 - probably not professional quality unless you're some kind of wizard, but definitely good enough to document events and what the people you love look like at a given moment in time.The 3d quality is better than you would expect from a camera at this price point. Playback is excellent and hooking it up to a tv is a breeze with the HDMI connector. You can also upload it to youtube and watch it on a regular tv if you have red blue glasses.For me, this device is perfect. I'm a mom, married to a musician, and I need something I can carry in a small purse and use to document school plays, outdoor concerts, and pub gigs. This does everything I need it to do and then some. In one day, I used it to shoot my son's string concert, his karate graduation, and some cool 3D stuff outside an urban fire station. The battery was still going at the end of the day (i'm not sure how long it was on altogether, but battery life was definitely adequate for my purposes.Overall I give the Bloggie 4.5 stars:Ease of set up 5 starsImage quality 4 stars (more like five for the price)Image stabilization 4 starsSound quality 5 starsValue for money 4 stars (I would have given it 5 if they'd included an SD slot)