The camera is much smaller than it looks in the photos online, the menus are harder to access and figure out, and it does NOT come with ANY photo editing software! What does come on CD with it is a photo viewer, a panorama pic program and a user manual on disk only (quick start guide is very limited). The website for uploading Nikon images to does NOT have photo editing capabilities, I couldn't even find a place to add tags to images, though ratings and labels are easy to find. I'll stick with Flickr. My 1st test images lacked color, were either washed out of over-saturated yellow, many were fuzzy & low quality even with flash. I was using the "Easy Auto" default, but when I switched it to regular "Auto" mode, the colors were more realistic, there is a full menu there for white balance and other settings, though it is not at all intuitive in getting to those menus.The best things are that it is the easiest camera to use right out of the box, without reading the user manual. One just inserts 4 AA batteries, turns it on and waalaa. The zoom is extremely powerful & fast! It beats my pro DSLR camera in speed and telephoto capability. The built-in memory is perfect to start off with, but one will want a memory card for more capacity, though it took over 50 pics at 6 MP setting with no problem using camera memory without memory card installed. The flash is manual pull up, push down, and I don't see an easy way to access settings unless one chooses one of the program modes and edits through there, missing the shot if it's unexpected while figuring out and setting it up for the shot. The continuous shooting feature is incredible, I was able to make 3 GIFs of the resulting images immediately, didn't know what else to do with 40+ shots of my cat licking his lips. I wasn't aware it was shooting multiple images, I hit the shutter button accidentally and it was only in reviewing a later image that I found the 40+ images it shot silently from one button push! The quality was therefore extremely bad, since I had flash off and no tripod at the time. I look forward to experimenting with that feature while aware I'm doing so! However, the images of action come out clear, like stop-action photography. I'm not sure how one would do blurred water/moving images, as opposed to freeze frame, but being able to quickly capture an action image in excellent quality, sold.The video is very easy to use though there is no lighting settings as there are on digital camcorders (low light, daylight, bulb, etc) but there are scene modes that handle those situations, am just not sure the flash adjustments apply since one cannot use flash with video on the Nikon. I'll be testing the sound & low lighting tomorrow night filming a live band, and will update with the results then.One of my favorite aspects of this camera are the easily accessible features right on the rear navigation buttons--macro, self-timer, flash and EV adjustments, all one touch access without scrolling through menus to find. The Delete button, review button (for seeing images previously taken, then easily deleting while viewing, or protecting from deletion), menu and video buttons are all on the rear panel. The zoom is left/right slide on the top right of the camera. The battery compartment has space for one memory card.Least fave aspects: this camera requires the lens cap be off to access any menus or setup scenes in advance, as well as to review images to delete them. Since the camera will not take accessory lenses or filters (such as ones to protect the lens), this makes the lens easy to damage and smudge. In fact, when I tried a close up on my cat, his nose smudged the lens numerous times as well as condensation from his breathing on it (he explored it while I shot, I did not put it on his nose :) Lastly, the size of the camera is much much smaller than expected. The lens and LCD screens looked huge to me in all advertisements and the included product info, but in reality they are small, with little weight to the camera & a thinner plastic body than I am used to.All in all, I would recommend this camera to most budding photographers, a portable option when watching sports and action events, or for those like me, who have extensive DSLR cameras who need an inexpensive & quick option for video AND high quality photos when lugging all the other gear out isn't needed for the situation. My goal was to find good quality video and camera in one unit, and I have tried many products (mostly camcorders that promised great photos too & failed) & been disappointed, until now. If it can handle the loud bands I film, it might even become a favorite, but if not, I have a special camcorder that will.