Just had a baby and had to go the nanny route. I have serious trust issues and having to get a nanny was an unfortunate circumstance, but I knew I needed to get something to be able to monitor what goes on with the nanny and our daughter or I'd drive myself nuts thinking about it all day. This solution seemed to be the most convenient, user friendly, effective system on the market. After having used it for close to a year now, I think this was one of the smartest purchases I've ever made.The setup was ridiculously easy. The longest part was installing the software on my laptop and even that took at most 5 minutes (I work with computers so breezed through the installation...might take technophobes a little longer). Set up two cameras, one being in my daughter's room. After tinkering, I opted to buy the wide angle lens and was glad I did. With the wider radius, the camera sits on a built-in shelf and I can see the whole room.The features of the system are great. Being able to hook the camera into a powerline to access the home network is fantastic and negates the need to run reeeeeally long cables or buy access points. The quality of the video is pretty darn good (though I don't have experience with any other monitoring systems other than crappy black and white store monitoring systems). I can't make out the details of people's faces per se, but am able to clearly see who is who and what the who is doing. Playback of video is easy as you can easily adjust your video timeline scale, Also, active video recordings are represented in the timeline so you know exactly where to click to see a particular frame of recorded time. The big seller for me was being able to monitor the real-time feed (actually delayed 3 minutes unless you pay for the upgrade which I didn't) from the internet. I was even able to get the feed on my Motorola q9c though it's not without it's troubles.Recently, we went on a vacation and, of course, I was paranoid that our nanny has our keys and knows when we're gone, so I increased the sensitivity of the cameras to detect even the slightest motion and also set up the system to alert me via email and text message should any motion be detected. On the day we left, I set the timer on the system to arm itself after 30 minutes at which point it would start monitoring (otherwise it would ping me constantly as we moved about the house trying to get ready). All was silent until I received an alert on our 5th day of vacation. With sweaty palms I opened the email and opened the attached video (yes, it even sends a snippet of the recorded video) and saw that the sunlight, shining through the windows, was dancing on the far wall. I ended up very relieved and extremely impressed with the system! Again, a fantastic buy for me and well worth the investment.