I recently got this Samsung to replace an aging 1st-generation Nikon Coolpix 990 (3.43 megapixel, circa '99 or so).  I got it before the price drop, so with a 2GB card was about $170.  I'm not going to repeat the notes from other reviewers.  However, some items:1) It's not ultra-light weight, but you can still carry it around in a shirt pocket or jeans pocket in a pinch.  So, it won't be burdensome to carry around for quick pics of the kids at picnics and stuff like that.2) It feels solidly made, but don't sit on it or drop it.  The old Coolpix is darn near indestructible but also about 3x as big and heavy.3) The picture quality is very clear and generally free of blur.  It has some image stabilization built in and seems pretty good for a camera of this size and cost.4) It has ISO 1000 support, which is good for faster action or low-light situations.  However, this is entirely subjective and unscientific but I don't think it's actually as good as old-fashioned ISO 1000 film in my trusty Pentax ZX50 35MM SLR.  So, it's better than most small digicams, but not as good as 35MM (that's non-digital for you youngin's) of the same level.5) With ISO 1000 support, you would think that the default flash setting upon power-on would be "no flash."  The advantage of a no-flash setting is that, if you don't in fact need it, you can take pictures faster.  Red-eye reduction and regular flashes both introduce a 1/4 to 1/5 second delay.  That's enough to miss a moment, especially if you have little kids running around.  However, this camera powers on with red-eye reduction on.  So, if you want it off you have to turn it off, which is annoying and again, can make you -just- miss a shot.6) The little keypad to fire up the menu, turn off flash, etc. is too small.  I am constantly mis-hitting it and turning off/on some other feature i don't care about.7) The battery life!  Ugh.  It is very annoying.  Actually, I don't think the problem is with battery life per se.  it seems to be on par with other cameras i've used.  However, the battery meter lies.  It says the battery has plenty of juice left, and then it suddenly starts beeping at you with a low battery warning and shuts off.  This is a message to ALL makers of digital cameras.  EVERY MANUFACTURER SUCKS in this regard.  I own four digital cameras from four different makers.  They all have abrupt shut-off at low battery.  They all tell you the battery is low, and then you take 'em out and put them in a flashlight or other device and they're still OK (if not full strength).  It disappoints me that 8 years later the makers still are idiots about this.  If they can't get the meter feature right, perhaps put in a timer, "Hours since batteries replaced" or something like that.  Anyway, for this and every camera here is the upshot:  ALWAYS carry a spare set of batteries with you.  NEVER trust the meter.  And I suggest going further and just automatically replacing the batteries every other time you use the camera.  Just do it preemptively until these mfr's get a clue.Cheers,Eric