It's probably unfair to write a review after only one day's ownership, especially a work day, but here are a few thoughts.12x zoom in a pocket camera is an amazing thing. Whatever other camera(s) you own, this is the one you can take everywhere.And while the 65x zoom available with combined optical/digital doesn't produce pictures that you'd want to show anywhere, it's certainly fun for spying on people. I was even able to see people at the top of the Empire State building taken from the street, 10 blocks away.Polarized sunglasses can make the screen disappear in bright sunshine. (Do wish this camera had a viewfinder.)27 scene modes cover most conditions, but they're on 2 separate screens, and the first has modes such as "baby" and "pet" (which I don't need) while "burst" and "flash burst" are on the second screen Wish one could move them around.Tried flash burst in a pretty dark room and didn't work very well, pictures were much darker than with normal flash, though the camera's flash refreshes fairly quickly so you can take a series of pictures with full flash almost as fast as in burst mode. Didn't try burst flash in a room with some lights on, yet. One of my reasons for wanting this camera is to be able to take candid pictures in a party situation and my old Sony H-5 just takes too long and I'd miss more pictures than I'd get.I'll add to this review after I use the camera a bit more.UPDATE: I've had the camera for about a month now and just returned from a weekend in Wash DC. The weather was gorgeous, not a cloud in the sky, and that was the problem. Without a viewfinder, I ended up taking lots of shots just guessing because I couldn't see the screen because of the glare. You want to take pictures with the sun behind you, lighting up the subject of your shot, but that means the sun is shining onto the screen, thus making it almost useless. It actually turns into a mirror. If you focus, you can barely see through the picture of your own face and see a dim outline of what you're shooting and hope for the best. This is not really acceptable. Otherwise the camera is great. The wide angle allows you to get shots that would be impossible (the whole dome of the capitol from underneath it) and the 12 x zoom is great and the HD movies are great, but taking pix in sunlight is what everyone needs to do. I did not try making the screen brighter, and I will play around with this next time I'm in sun and not with family, but the glare off the screen was so bad that I can't see that making a difference. I have a protective shield on the screen. Maybe they make one that acts as "sunglasses." I'll have to check. I don't know why Panasonic chose not to put an EVF but this was a major blunder and while there aren't a lot of point and shoots with 12 x zooms to choose from out there, you might want to wait for one that has an EVF.