I was skeptical of this little camera that purported to shoot digital video in 3D, mostly because I couldn't imagine that it would translate well to my 55" Samsung 3D TV.  First, I wasn't sure of the compatibility between the Sony Bloggie and Samsung technology.  Second, bad quality video always looks worse when enlarged to 55".  And last, I read some reviews that said the LCD screen on the back made video look like those old style trading cards that you flipped back and forth to get "action," and I didn't want cheesy fake 3D.  But I'll tell you right now:  you will not care about the pixelated false 3D on the viewing screen once you see it on your TV.  The Sony Bloggie 3D is not perfect, and it does have its cons; however, I haven't had such fun with a video camera since I got my first generation Flip camera.  Although it can also shoot 2D, I see no reason to get this if that's your primary purpose since there are less expensive options.  You'd be better off with Kodak PlaySport HD Waterproof Pocket Video Camera (Black) or, if you can find one, Flip UltraHD Video Camera.The Bloggie comes with a short USB extender (in case you can't plug it into your computer directly using the Flip-like USB arm) and a wrist strap.  If you want to view this on your 3D TV, you'll have to also get a mini-HDMI to HDMI cable.  I bought AmazonBasics High-Speed Mini-HDMI to HDMI Cable with Ethernet (6.5 Feet/2 Meters) but any length or brand will do, as long is one end is mini-HDMI (for the camera) and HDMI for the TV AND high-speed.  (Older HDMI cables might not support the greater demands of 3D.) The camera does not come with a case or even a pouch, so you might want to get something to protect the lenses.  The Bloggie does not have a removable battery and must be charged via USB.The camera itself has two lenses, side by side, to shoot stereoscopic video.  The body is much more slender than the Flip UltraHD -- and that's a feat.  The record button has just the right amount of sensitivity.The 4x zoom can only be used in 2D mode; although the zoom is more powerful than the Flip UltraHD's, the results are more grainy.  The on-screen menu takes some getting used to, although with use it gets easier.  Changing between 3D and 2D modes requires pressing only one button, and for that, I'm thankful.  The no-glasses-required LCD screen, while not showing you how good the video will be on your 3D TV, certainly gives you an idea of what you have.  The tripod attachment hole is on the short end of the camera, requiring a vertical positioning of the camera; unfortunately, you can shoot 3D ONLY in a horizontal orientation.  The camera is smart enough to know the orientation, so it both warns you if you can't take 3D that way and adjusts the on-screen menu so you can read it.The software that comes with the Bloggie is bare-bones.  Even trimming the ends of a video is not intuitive.  And weeks after receiving the Bloggie, I'm still trying to install a firmware update on my iMac.  You cannot view or edit the 3D video using a regular video editing program because the camera shoots two separate images that are merged in a file with a .thm suffix, although you can convert any 3D video to 2D MP4 format, which then can be edited.  Fortunately, the Bloggie software allows you to move 3D video from your computer, where it is saved in your Bloggie library, back to the camera for playback on your 3D TV.  Unless you have the necessary software and DVD burner, you cannot save the 3D video to a DVD for later playback.  Everything must be replayed through the Bloggie, making that mini-HDMI cable crucial to your enjoyment of your 3D home video.  It's easy to share videos shot with it, albeit in 2D, with the Facebook, YouTube, and special circles icons at the top of the software window.  I don't understand why the software won't allow me to combine clips into a single movie that I can then play back through my Bloggie.  To me, that's a major omission. Only 3- stars for the software.The drawbacks are not enough to take away the wow-factor of this camera.  When I sat my husband down with Samsung 3D glasses and started up the video, his first comment was, "Holy cow!"  Then, he said, "This is the real reason to get a 3D TV."  The depth of the video is awesome.  I recorded birds on a feeder, and they hopped into the foreground, underneath the swaying flowers that seemed to reach out of the screen, but perhaps even more impressive was the baseball game I recorded, with rows of people in front of me and the game unfolding beyond them.  It felt as though I was there again.  Wow.  This camera is perfect for recording family get-togethers, sports events, nature (as long as it's close up), and special occasions.  It makes home movies seem more real.  5+ stars for how it looks on my 3D TV.Don't bother purchasing this camera if you do not have a 3D set because playback on the no-glasses LCD screen is not satisfying enough.  And unless you have the right equipment, don't expect to burn DVDs to share among 3D sets.  The best thing you can hope for is to save the video to your computer now so you can create 3D movies and DVDs in the future when 3D technology has gotten more prevalent.For now, though, my whole family is in love with the Sony Bloggie 3D.  Although it makes me yearn for better software and playback options, I wouldn't give it up for anything.  5 stars for the sheer fun of seeing home video in 3D.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann