This is a very sophisticated camera that appeals to the affluent casual user & the pro-sumer - hence the spectrum of ratings ( its really too sophisticated for the casual user - & has annoyances for the semi-pro user ). This camera is a VERY sophisticated - feature rich camera. Most of the problems noted in the reviews have excellent work arounds ( IE like any other camera ) IE shutter priority, aperature priority, bracketing. What probably frustrates users is that because it is heavily "automatic" - it doesnt solve all picture taking problems "at the press of a button" - you have to use alternative modes in low light conditions, a tri-pod etc - these workarounds are usually buried in menus etc. I have found the battery life excellent "IF YOU DONT USE THE FLASH MUCH". I carry two batteries - I buy the MAHA batteries - they are cheaper & have 20% more capacity & their charge time is just as fast - work with the NIKON OEM charger - forget the OEM NIKON batteries. The Nikon software is excellent & much improved. This camera ( for what I do ) - there is nothing else out there the is like it in a compact package - the ergonomics as simply excellent - & the flip out view finder is essential for what I do. The resolution capabilities, & zoom are fabulous. The small camera bag that can be bought as an accessory from NIKON with the belt loop - SUCKS - this has disintegrated on me & has also almost let my camera depart my body for the pavement !! If you buy this camera - use you VISA - VISA adds another year or two to your factory warranty & forget the consumer add-on warranties ! Im also using a 1Gig IBM microdrive - which has very fast write-times - remember this when you are looking at solid state memory ! Therefore, the recovery time between shots is reasonable. NITS - camera does not recover between shots very quickly - very annoying - have missed some shots - but this is true of all current digital camera in this price range. The power save mode puts the camera asleep when not in use, also causing you to miss candid shots if you are not mindful - I usually pulse the trigeer occasionally to "keep it awake" - this can be adjusted though - which I havent bothered to do .. The competition in this price range - SONY/Minotla 7? - SOny uses over priced proprietary media ( memory sticks) has slightly better resolution & horrible ergonomics ( overall for me not worth it - plus Ive never have a Sony product that has lasted very long - they look great - but my experiance is that they are fragile.) The Minolta in this price range is not as good & eats batteries- but is cheaper - IN THIS PRICE RANGE ONLY TWO CAMERAS - The S0ny & The NIKON period as of 10/2003.. But check the price of the Sony media ...The IBM microdrives can be had for very cheap right now since they have sold out to Fugitsu on the uDrive technology & patents ( Fugitsu now offeres a 4 gig microdrive based on the IBM technology - & again the advantage is writetimes - check this out !! ) If you are going to buy solid state memory - get the VIKING on AMAZON w/rebate, you won't find a cheaper price, yes - even on ebay !