I'm sure not many people are interested in this anymore, but I felt that I oughta chime in with these reviews.  I've had this camera for almost 4 years, since the end of '07, and I've had only good experiences with it.  Of course, that might be because I'm not used to $1000 SLRs or anything...it's my first camera and I'm just now looking to upgrade from it.  But anyway, it's a very solid little machine.  I've taken pretty good care of it, always kept it in its case and stuff, but the fact of the matter is, this camera has been from the Virgin Islands to Ontario to the Adirondacks to North Carolina beaches to the Appalachian Trail, it's been camping numerous times, it's been in humidity and high heat and sub-freezing and rain and snow, and it's always brought home quality photos.  Even though I'm now looking to upgrade to something with more zoom and more manual controls and some of the cool features cameras have these days, I'll be keeping this one until it breaks.  No, the video isn't HD, and the zoom motor is very noticeable during video recording.  And no, it doesn't have many features compared to new cameras.  It is rugged though (I'll refuse to buy a plastic camera knowing that aluminum bodies are so much stronger and better and last longer and don't get scratched easily and look better), takes good photos, has a decent screen, gives you all the important options in the Program mode (even gives you manual focus control), has a neat and intuitive "button" system, and a solid lens.  And I liked the menu system.  It's been a great learning tool.  Not perfect, though.  After 4 years, the buttons are starting to loose some of their sensitivity or something...they don't always work the way I tell them to.  And even when they did, it took FOREVER to navigate your way around an image in the playback mode if you were at all zoomed in on the image...like, checking the focus or something.  It's a pretty slow camera, taking a second or two to focus, like 4-5 seconds to recharge the flash, etc., but there was never any lag when navigating menus or anything. I never even really bothered using the face detection mode.  The "Advanced Shake Reduction" is, as the other reviews suggest, a bit misleading...it just ups the ISO or the shutter speed or something to cancel out some of your hand shake.  The scene modes worked alright, although I really just kept it in Program for most of the time (I used the Landscape scene mode a few times, didn't see much difference between that and the way I had the Program mode set up), and then changed whatever things I could from that screen.  So yep, that about sums up my experience with this camera.  I would definitely recommend it as a first camera or for someone who would be happy keeping pretty much the same settings and getting consistently good photos.  I would not recommend it for anyone who wants a powerful zoom or fancy "panorama" or "10 fps burst shot" or "intelligent auto" or "twilight" modes or anything like that...I would consider this camera pretty basic and simple by todays standards.  But I'll give it a solid 4+ stars for being so good at being basic and simple :)