I read so many amazing reviews about this camera I just had to have one. Unfortunately, it did not live up to all the hype and I just returned it.8.3MP? Where are they?Biggest problem:The photos are definitely not sharp, my old 2.1MP Fujifilm F401 took photos with better exposure, better color, and seemingly better resolution. So what gives? I have absolutely no idea. I've read reviews saying how sharp the photos are from this camera. I definitely do not see it. Even with the camera on a flat surface taking a photo in the timer mode with flash, so you know the camera is not moving and has enough light.The F-series apparently has some special type of dithering it does to the photos (If you zoom in you can see this) that makes it where you can't sharpen them after the fact, because when you try, the sharpening doesn't make any difference, and actually makes the photos worse.With the old F401 it worked great, cuz it made sharp 2.1MP photos and the dithering didn't matter because you didn't have to sharpen the photos. Unfortunately with the F40fd, not only are the 8.3MP photos not as sharp as the old 2.1MP F401 photos, they still have that same dithering pattern so you can't sharpen them. You just get lots of extra pixels of useless data. I wonder if there are just serious problems with this new high-megapixel sensors. They are lower quality, but Fuji has no choice since nobody would buy a camera with the better, lower megapixel sensor??Yeah, I guess this camera has great sensitivity for low-light photos, but if the flash and outdoor photos are horrible; what's the point unless you feel like lugging around two cameras!The old F401 exposed perfectly and the color always looked great. Flash photos on the F40fd have a yellowish hue and are always overexposed. (At a relatively close distance -- say 6 ft away which is for me a normal distance for flash photos of people). Yeah, I tried putting it in manual and lowering exposure compensation; then they were too dark and grainy! My old 2.1MP F401 never had any problems like this.The highly touted "face-detection" doesn't work most of the time; it seemed relatively useless to me. If the face is well lit and looking right at you it MIGHT work, but since it is so unreliable, 90% of the time it's useless!In trying to solve the problem of over and underexposed photos, I tried the manual mode with the spot setting for exposure; it did nothing as if it was still on the non-working multi exposure mode.Also, you can't zoom while making a video and the M-JPEG makes larger files than cameras offering MP4 videos.Lots of hype, but nothing delivered. Why can't we get high-resolution photos that are sharp? I think the people reviewing this camera have never used one of the older lower resolution cameras that took such better photos.The other day I was looking at some old 1930's photos that were taken on slides and converted to JPG files. It blew my mind how much better these old photos looked compared to photos taken on the Fujifilm Finepix F40fd. You'd think photo quality would have come along in 75 years, but I have to honestly say, the photo quality of the 1930's photos BLOWS away any from this camera.What a disappointment. Bye-Bye F40fd.