Casio Exilim Zoom EX-Z1000I purchased and paid for a Casio Exilim Zoom EX-Z1000.  The third day after it was received, it failed.  I sent the camera back to Casio and after about three weeks they returned it to me.  Having called several times, I was unable to locate the camera.  It seemed that the employees were too lazy or too inefficient to check about this camera.  But for the fact that I had a proof of delivery from United States Post Office the camera may have been lost by the incompetence of the Casio repair system.  After multiple calls of an almost prayerful nature I finally found out the order number of the camera and was told it would be a few weeks until the part could be obtained.  About a month after I purchased and paid for the camera it was returned by Casio.  It was dropped at the doorstep without any requirement for a signature.I opened the box couple of days after I received it and attempt to take photographs.  The alleged repair did not cause the camera to work properly as is promised in the advertising and their manual that comes with the camera.I sent it back to Casio again.  I was told that this camera would be replaced with a new camera within seven to 10 business days.The camera was purchased and paid for July 12, 2006.  Casio says they will return a new camera to me after September 18, 2006.  The reason they gave is that they do not have a replacement camera and they have to wait for new one to come from Japan.  The date of this writing is September 7, 2006.I intend to file a suit against Casio for fraud [the intentional misrepresentation of a material fact to cause the customer to act to his/her detriment] along with a request for punitive damages.I would advise no one purchase a Casio camera because their warranty service is nearly worthless.  I called Casio about 10 times and never received a single reply.  On the 10th time, I was told by the representative that she had called me.  I told her there was no such call on any log.  She said she did not leave a message.  Then she said someone answered the phone and hung up.  Then she said she called my Florida telephone number.  I check my Florida telephone number and no such call was of received.  She then gave me a phone number in New Mexico.  I checked the telephone log on that telephone number and there was no such call.  A feeble excuse was then made saying it sounded as if someone answered the phone and hung up.  I retorted, if I wanted to convey information and the telephone did not operate properly I would call again.  She never would answer why she did not leave a message.To make Casio and better corporate citizen and to cause them to produce a better and more reliable product and raise their awareness of the importance of customers, PLEASE DO NOT BUY CASIO!