I did a lot of researching on CNet, Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and several other places before I decided to buy this camera.  I was looking for something that was simple to use, had a lot of zoom, had good-to-excellent picture quality, was for everyday use (i.e., I'm clumsy, so I didn't want it to break the first time I touched it), and was in the $100-200 range. I also wanted a camera that was nice enough and had the technology to last several years.  Basically, for what I was wanting, I narrowed it down to three cameras:  the Kodak Z915, the Canon SX120IS, and the Panasonic Lumix ZS3.  The Panasonic had a wide-angle lens, which I was very interested in but which wasn't necessary, while the Kodak camera was (at the time of purchase) about $50 cheaper than the Canon.  I decided I wanted something a bit more sturdy than the ZS3 and with better photo quality than the Kodak, so I decided to give this camera a try.As other reviewers have said, this camera has some good and bad to it.  I've been playing with it for four months now, and I love it sometimes and hate it others.  That said, the good things include:--excellent photo quality (by my standards and for its class)--versatility (the camera has settings for foliage, aquariums, snow, different indoor lighting, and a sunset filter)--the opportunity to have more control over IS, exposure, focus, etc., than a basic point-and-shoot--sturdy design.  Because it's a bit larger than other cameras, it can't fit into a pocket, but it is also not going to fall out of my hands from strong winds or clumsiness.--The ability to take multiple shots is nice (I know other cameras do this, but it's the first time I've had the ability to play with it).  This camera will take 3 shots at about 1 second per shot and will refocus on the subject between shots.--The flash is manually popped up when you want to use it so it doesn't accidentally go off when you don't want it to.  You can also take pretty good pictures in most lighting without the flash.--The camera takes AA's, so if you run out of batteries in the middle of a trip or away from a plug-in, you can just buy replacements.Some of the bad things I've found:--If you want a good shot, you have to make *everything* hold still.  My little brother shows cattle, and 6 out of every 10 pictures will be blurry if taken when the calf is walking around the ring.  Once things are held still, though, the photos look very nice.-- The auto-focus and image stabilization don't always work as planned.  Sometimes I will center something and try to take a picture of it, only to find that the camera was focused on something behind it (this may be due to impatience in taking the picture).--It takes about 5-10 seconds after you use the flash for you to be able to take another picture.  I usually fix this by taking a shot with flash first and then closing the flash so that I get a faster turnaround.Also, I've been through 3 pairs of AA's since I bought the camera and have taken hundreds of pictures and used several hours of playback, so I would say that that is fairly decent battery life.  However, I also take the 'dead' batteries out and they function in my tv remote, so the camera doesn't actually use all of the juice in the batteries, it just takes a lot of power to run.Overall, I really like this camera despite my inability to get it to take good shots of fast-moving objects.  The quality of the pictures it takes correctly, the price, and the sturdiness/longevity of it make it a good value for the price.