I purchased the Olympus E-520 about 6 months ago after researching cameras for about 3 months.  I looked at the Pentax K200D, Canon XSI, Nikon D40, Nikon D40x, Nikon D60, Sony Alpha 300 as well as the Olympus E-420 and the Olympus E-510.I read all sorts of detailed reviews ([...] has some of the best ones), watched video reviews and product demonstrations on YouTube, spoke to friends and family that owned some of the cameras mentioned above and most importanty, I went to camera stores and actually held (and worked with) the cameras in my hands.This is my first DSLR camera and compared to the competition, I'm very happy with my selection.  I wound up buying the camera body with the 2 kit lenses.  Originally I planned to only buy the body and then either the 14-54mm or 12-60mm higher end Olympus lenses but I decided that having two (lower quality) lenses would give me a nice range to work with as I learn different techniques.  Also I like to take pictures outdoors and am very happy with the pictures I've taken so far.  This is not to say that I haven't taken great pictures at night or indoors, I have and I will say that you can too but you have to learn how to use the camera.  I took loads of horrible pictures at first, lucky for me, my dad (who owns the Sony Alpha 300 and has been taking beautiful photos with SLRs for years) helped me to understand that most of my bad pictures were my fault and not the camera.I'd also like to recommend a book or series of books, "The Digital Photography Book," written by Scott Kelby.  In this series Scott tells you exactly how to acheive a various effect without really explaining the theory behind it.  He will say something like if you want to get that silky warerfall or stream effect this is what you need to do: Switch your camera to Shutter priority mode, an set the shutter speed to 1 or 2 seconds.  To avoid getting a picture that is blown out (because of all the light your slow shutter speed is letting in) it is best to shoot around sunrise or around sunset.  Since the shutter is open for 1 or 2 seconds use a tripod.  Since the water is moving it will be blurry and the surrounding area will be sharp.Books like the one mentioned above will help you to realize that there is a lot you can do with your camera if you only take the time to learn.I read all of these Amazon reviews months ago and really like how people can comment on a someone's review and I recommend that you check out the comments that appear on 1 and 2 star product reviews, sometimes the comments reveal that the user incorrectly reviewed a product and that is helpful to know!All of the cameras above take good pictures.  It's important to feel comfortable navigating the camera menus, you should feel comfortable holding and taking pictures with the camera and you should think about what you'll be using the camera for.I actually just purchased the Olympus MF-1 OM Lens Adapter ($82 on amazon), which allowed me to buy an old Olympus OM 50mm f 1.8 prime lens.  Good glass will help me take better pictures and this adapter helped me to get a good quality lens for a ridiculously cheap price (I got the OM 50mm f 1.8 prime on ebay for $20).The more I use my E-520, the more I love it.  I'm learning so much and appreciating all that Olympus packed into this lovely camera.  You can check out to pictures that I submitted in online photo contests ([...]) by clicking on the following link:[...]Good luck in your search!Joe