I give this a one star rating because I am extremely disappointed in this product. I bought his camera because in the past I have had a great Nikon point and shoot, but after 6 months of use with the s610, and reading other reviews, I see I am not alone in my problems. I had the Nikon 5900 camera, which was the best camera I have ever owned, of any brand. Of course that model is 5 years old (I have been through another Nikon and a Canon since), and so extinct, but I am disappointed in the apparent decline of Nikon quality. I have learned my lesson.1) The biggest problem is the camera's inability to take pictures in normal (tungsten) lighting. Even flipping the white balance to manual (and pre-setting it), the picture looks yellow. The only way I have been able to get somewhat normal looking pictures, inside at night, is to put the white balance to daylight. I have tried the other WB settings to no avail (they either come out yellow or bleached blue). Many of the comments I have seen on reviewers with this same problem have said operator error, well, I have manually adjusted this camera with all the settings and am convinced that this is a Nikon or s610 problem! This is a big problem for me, as I don't get to choose what time of day my kids do cute things. Daytime photos (with lots of natural light) are better. This could be a flash problem because the flash is also very weak on this camera, so that could be it.2) Taking pictures in lower light with flash is a hit or miss process. The flash ONLY lights up where the focus is, and is weak at best. Also, indoors I must have the flash on all the time. We have many windows in our house with plenty of natural light, and I should not have to force flash in the daytime to get crisp clear pictures on a 10MP camera. (without the flash the pictures are very grainy- disappointment in a 10MP camera)3) No matter what ISO setting I set the camera to, I am getting a lot of noise. This is also disappointing in a 10MP camera, and the noise problem is why I chucked my Cannon elf (5MP) for this camera. Grainy pictures should not be happening in the middle of the day, with flash. The VR stabilizer is a joke.(also one of the reasons for my purchasing this model)4) The "face priority" is also a joke. It either does not recognize the face, or if it does, it takes FOREVER to lock in and take the picture, by which time my subjects faces (5, 3 & 1 year old) are not even looking at the camera anymore, and we have to start all over again. If you don't have the face priority on, you must use the manual focus, or make sure that the auto flash is picking up what you want to focus on. Again, this hogs your time, and by the time you set all that, the picture is over. Exactly why I did NOT buy and SLR, because I do not want to have to manually set the camera for each shot.5) Even though the LCD screen is big and clear, it does not accurately reflect the picture taken. Sometimes the picture looks crisp on my LCD, and upon downloading it to my computer or printing it off, the picture is a tad fuzzy. This is a BIG disappointment in 10 MP camera! So, I end up paparazzi-ing my kids, just to make sure that one out of the 5 shots I take will actually be clear when printed.If I wanted to have to manually adjust my camera each time I take a shot (and miss the shot since my subjects are almost always small children) I would have purchased a SLR. This is not really a point and shoot, as it should be ready to go, and take good pictures in automatic mode with minimal adjustments. Not a good price for the quality, especially a 10MP!!