I have used a variety of Canon digital cameras for at least eight years, and this is the first model with which I've been disappointed. I'm not a professional, but I do enjoy photography as an artistic hobby. I wasn't sure if I wanted to spend the money on a DSLR, so I bought this as a step between that and my point-and-shoot. After a year of using it, I realize that I should have invested in the DSLR. I viewed a lot of sample photos online, taken by others who own this camera, but unless you are using a tripod or shooting outside, the average quality of this camera's photos are just not impressive.Picture quality - While the high megapixels are a positive, I find that unless taken in ideal conditions (bright sunlight), the photos come out grainy and/or blurry, so they look low quality anyway. No amount of experimenting with the ISO or other features has solved this. Also, objects in the photos aren't clearly defined - there is often a blue or white fuzzy edge around the subjects. One of my biggest complaints is that in most lighting conditions, especially indoor natural light or outdoor cloudy light, there is an extraordinary amount of white blowout. The 20x zoom is great, but again, unless you are shooting in ideal conditions, it's hard to get a crisp shot.Video - The video is high quality, while not professional, but for everyday use, it's convenient to have HD video options as well as photos in the same camera. I especially like the "record" button on the back of the camera, which is much faster than having to turn a dial to shoot in video.Body - This camera is as large as a DSLR, but for the added bulk, the picture quality is just not worth it. The camera itself weighs about a pound, but takes four AA batteries, which adds a lot of weight. Having gotten used to a rechargeable battery in my previous camera, I can't help but notice how expensive it is to keep buying new batteries. Battery life is average. I've had some difficulty opening/closing both the battery lid, and the flap lid for the memory card (I have to force them to move). The shutter button frequently gets stuck, so I have to try multiple times, and I have frequently missed the shot that I wanted because I couldn't make the camera take the picture. More often, I have to apologize to people posing for the photos because it takes a good fifteen seconds, and a lot of wiggling the shutter, before the picture is taken. The one feature that I love is the large screen that you can flip in any direction.Features - The list of features seems impressive, but when actually put to use, none of them contribute to a higher picture quality. I have never gotten a clean shot using macro, a feature I loved on my previous Canon.All in all, this camera takes photos equivalent to a smaller, cheaper Canon Powershot, but for twice the cost, it's not worth it.