Suddenly I had an urge to share my experience with the Leica X1 camera which has been with me since the end of October 2010. I had been literally in (photography) exile over the past ten years since I stopped shooting with film cameras back in the late 1990s. I had put my longest-serving film camera, a Pentax Spotmatic and a prime lens, on the shelf when I was becoming too busy at work. Since then I had some experience shooting with a few digital cameras but I had never owned one. I didn't really like what I saw in digital cameras when it became more popular in the early 2000s. Image quality was basically poor. But again, I compared them to the image quality of a decent 35mm film camera (such as a Nikon FM2). It was perhaps an unfair comparison but it showed that I'd better retrieve my film camera off the shelf and start shooting again, rather than getting myself an expensive-but-low-quality camera.Time did really fly. Fast forwarding to July 2010. I unexpectedly bought my first digital camera when I came across a Panasonic Lumix GF1 while I was browsing shops at the airport during my trip to London. The GF1 with a 20mm prime lens looks like a range finder (RF) camera (of course, the GF1 isn't), which will suite my type of photography. I know a SLR camera (and now a DSLR camera) is much more flexible than a RF camera and can outperform a good RF camera in many areas. But again, I like a RF for what it is and how I use my camera. So I bought the GF1 with a 20mm prime lens and took it with me to London. I felt good about shooting photos again as a way to liberate myself from pressure at work. Shooting with the GF1 was great but its image quality, though very good, cannot compete against any decent film camera. Then, a search for a better tool kicked off and I started looking for something better.Having come across the Leica X1 on the internet, I read a couple of reviews and finally got myself the camera, knowing all its limitations. My relative had shot with both medium format cameras (a Mamiya and a Hasselblad) and some Leica cameras so I learned a lot about film photography back in the late 1980s and the early 1990s. I thought about the X1 and Steve Huff's review has been very useful [...]. I would encourage those who like to know more about the Leica to read his review. I am not a professional photographer, so what I try to share with you is my experience with the camera in action as an amateur photographer who returns to the photography world after a long-term exile.I have heard many people saying that the autofocus of the Leica X1 is so slow. Well, it may be slow to some or very slow to others. For me, it is not bad at all. Given that all of my film cameras had no AF, I certainly have no problem with the speed of the Leica X1 autofocus. At the best of time, I could manual focus my RF cameras faster than auto focus on my X1 but such time has long gone (but it may be back one day...one fine day). I have missed many shots when the X1's autofocus was not fast enough but, well, I had missed many shots when I was out shooting with any manual focus film camera back in my heyday (when I had to do four things almost simultaneously: setting the shutter speed and the f-stop, focusing and composing a shot).Handling of the X1 is superb. Setting the aperture, the shutter speed and the ISO is very easy. I don't care about scenery modes (apparently mandatory functions in a compact or DSLR camera), so it does not matter to me one bit whether such fancy (or marketing gimmick) functions exist in any Leica camera. In fact, I don't fancy such things in the Leica Land and I am glad that there is no such thing in the X1 or any Leica M cameras. The art of photography should be preserved as our mind and brain should be developed to actually think before even put the camera on an eye level. The digital world has taken so much away from our brain development. Kids growing up in this digital world appear to operate in a different mental model (it is a topic of which I'd rather not deal with in this review).In terms of image quality, I am very happy with what the X1 has produced so far. Most of the images produced from the X1 blow the best images produced by my GF1 out of the water. As I am not a pro and may not be one, it is very unlikely that I would get myself a Leica M9 and a Leica 35mm Summicron ASPH, which will put me back about $10,000 ($6995 for the M9 and $2995 for the 35mm Summicron).At the end of the day, shooting images with the X1 suddenly brings back good memories again!