For the current amazon price ($106 USD), this item is a steal! I bought this camera because I wanted to take underwater pictures for a vacation in Hawaii. Since I was experimenting with underwater photography, I did't want to spend too much - just in case, this didn't work out. But it turns out, I had nothing to worry about! I just returned from Hawaii. Most of my trip (1 week long) was spent by the beach or in the water. This camera was so durable and easy to use. I took over 600 pictures (using a separately purchased 8 GB memory card) and the camera battery only needed recharging 1x the whole trip!  All of my friends were awed by the camera and are planning to get one for themselves.I looked at some of the other reviews on here. A small number commented that they did not like the picture quality. I personally find it fanatastic. The picture quality setting can be changed from 10 MB down to much less, as needed. I kept my setting at 10 MB. The pictures when transferred onto my computer looked great and were comparable to other camera pictures of the same type but different brand (Nikkon, Sony, Cannon). (My house owns a lot of cameras.)  The waters in Maui were generally very clear, but even so it was necessary to hold the camera close in order to get good shots under water. I would estimate the camera has a 3 ft visibility range under regular salt water.  Even with this range, I was able to get clear shots as long as I held the camera close to the subject matter. I bet visibility would improve in pool water or truly clear water. (I'm a little jet lagged now so I may upload my pics at a later date.)I also noticed that a few people claimed the camera did not work and broke. I can only comment according to my personal experience. According to the instructions, you have to make sure that the battery slot & memory card slot clicks closed. Just slide the slot until you hear a faint noise. The inside of the camera obviously is not waterproof, just the outside is coated with some material to help keep water out. The casing must be closed tight to prevent water from seaping into the electronics.Also, a few people mentioned the shutter delay. There is a fraction of a second delay, but I find that unless you get a SLR you will probably experience delay in most handheld digital point and shoots. The delay is comparable to other cameras of a similiar type, and in general, I would say somewhat better if not on the same level with most other point and shoots.This is overall a great light weight little camera, especially given the price. If you want to take fun vacation photos and not have to worry too much about theft or water damage, I would buy and have bought this camera.  I LOVE IT! (As you can see from my star rating).