Did you ever experience a moment where you've said "oh man i wish i had my camera!" or, you've had your camera and just wished it wouldnt create such a huge bulge in your pocket??  Well problem solved.i was in the mood for buying a small camera and tripped apon this little beautie...at first I was skeptical, thinking Im paying too much for something that might turn out some-how dissapointing...I read the reviews everyday for about 3 days wondering if I should buy it or not. Well guess what happened next...I bought it.so after i bought it, I kept reading the reviews to escape any doubt in my mind.I came home late at night and saw it on the table (considering that im still with my parents and they were home when it was delivered) and was TOTTALLY excited about its arrival...I took it out and 1.the packing was excellent 2.the camera is TINY!! I measured it to everything I could think of...and the closest thing was a pack of cigarettes!! its even slightly smaller than that!!!(slightly)3. once I got it I went on a rampage of photography, the menus were pretty easy, I didnt even need the manual at first to turn it on and start rampaging...(thats good for the men)  hmmmm...now for the reason for the 4 STARS.(though it deserves more of  4 and 3quarter stars)Alot of people gave it 4 considering theres lack of a viewfinder and lack of an optical zoom...believe me, im a hard-to-impress-guy when it comes to quality...the camera compensates the optical with its QUALITY in EVERY pic!! thats right... EVERY pic...but now for the only  major problem on my hands.. i read what was in the box and i saw the ion battery charger with the battery...and at first i was like "COOL",and I thought well now the good part is that I dont have to waste gas and precious money to buy more batteries...but the bad part is that it takes electricity to charge up and you have to do that with an outlet...(primarily at HOME) so if your camera runs outta juice and you're without your charger and electricity...boom you miss out on your rampage ...and you cant just go out and buy batteries at your nearest convience store... but i suggest a power a/c outlet that you can hook up to your car lighter....yeah they make'em.. I bought mine at wal-mart...ooh that is an awesome store..and I felt smart about it ever since...  so in conclusion besides the whole battery charger dilema...this camera is awesome in all aspects,  size, quality, and speed of getting those"quick-shot-moments" that are impossible to get with a slow shutter camera. I bought the bronze one since my pocket has that quality-for-cheap type mentality, I doubted the color and I wished I could have gotten the black one, but once I got the bronze, i was amazed at the color..to me it looks like looking into a brand-spanking new penny...so shiny and irrestible to look at...actually i fallen in love with the camera (if there is such a thing!)  so besides the charger...if your looking for something compaq, ready to shoot in a second, and where quality meets above expectation, then this is the CAMERA to buy//////// go ahead, DONT wait any longer reading this stupid review...buy the camera NOW!!! TRUST ME IT WONT DISSAPOINT.. :)