Overall, a great camera, but there's better stuff out there - for a higher price of course.Features that I rarely use: Flash, any portrait mode. I take pictures of everything EXCEPT people.Features that I expect to use but haven't yet: Video.-----Like most smaller cameras, the sensor isn't the best. Images turn out quite grainy at high ISOs, so I wouldn't advise that you use it in dark situations unless you have a tripod - at lower ISOs, dark situations will make the exposure time very long and make the image turn out very blurry unless you use a tripod or set the camera on a steady surface, but low ISOs greatly reduce grainy pictures.It's also rather slow. The autofocus refocuses when you hit the shutter button so it's not good for quick shots, and its startup time can be frustrating sometimes. But that's not a problem for me usually.It has a "hi-speed burst" mode in the SCN tab that allows you to take pictures either very quickly, or REALLY REALLY quickly, depending on your quality preference. Resolution is limited to 3 MPx but that's just fine for me since that's the normal resolution I use anyway. This can be useful if, for example, you're in a car driving through trees and you see an opening ahead where you want to take a picture - you can start a high-speed burst right before you get to the gap, and it'll keep taking pictures til you release the shutter button - you can delete the extra pictures afterwards.The lens is amazing. I've taken a picture at a range of THREE INCHES of my jeans and you can see every fiber crystal-clear. When set to 1x zoom, the lens is very wide angle, so you can take in much more of an area with a single shot than you would expect. Or if you're going to the other end of things, you can zoom in on anything at any distance, really - the 12x zoom is excellent, and when used along with digital zoom (which sometimes happens automatically) it goes up to 23x. The optical image stabilization is very useful in this situation.The battery life is phenomenal. I wouldn't know the picture count per charge, but this camera lasts FOREVER before you have to charge. I would like to be able to charge the battery without taking it out of the camera, but that's just what I'm used to.I have three 2GB SD cards, and with my preference for smaller image sizes in order to take more, I take most pictures at 3 MPx. I frequently format the drives after uploading the images to Photobucket (I remove the card and put it in my computer's SD reader to do this) so that if I should have occasion to take a thousand pictures I can do that (and then have to change memory cards).Another side note is that I haven't tried most of the scene modes in the "SCN" tab, but the ones I have tried work very well, particularly the "Food" mode.Overall a very good camera for the price, with a very good lens and a very good battery life.