I have been using this camera for several years now. I bought it when the 20D was the newest offering in the Canon line. I paid big bucks for the camera plus the lens, about $1400 at the time. It is a shock to find out that this expensive machine is now only worth about maybe $300, used.I have gotten a lot of good use out of it, however. My photography skills have improved with the availability of the custom features that this camera offers. While it has a good selection of point-and-shoot options, I have not been using them. They work quite well, but so do the selections for manual settings, and when used correctly, these manual settings make for creative photography. I recently bought a large format printer, and I have been blowing up photos shot from this camera to 11" x 17" images. I had shot the photos from a tripod, and the details even at that extreme size are sharp and vivid.The 17 to 85 mm IS lens that I bought with the camera has turned out to be versatile and useful. It is able to take moderate macro photos, and its wide angle feature is something that a lot of camera buyers would not specifically look for, but when you have it, it is wonderful to take wide pictures outdoors.If I could change the camera, there are two things that bug me: one is that the viewfinder is not 100% of what comes through the lens, so that if you focus tightly on a subject, when you see the image on your computer there is extra real estate around the edges that you did not plan to put in the picture. The other problem is the LCD screen in the back. If you are shooting outdoors, it is very nearly impossible to see what you have on the LCD screen. I guess it just isn't bright enough.Neither of these problems are bad enough for me to take a star off my rating. On the plus side, this camera takes very good pictures in low light situations. While there is, in fact, some noise at ISO 1600, it is not enough to ruin the photo the way it does on so many other cameras. It is great for taking pictures in theaters with the lights low without a flash. The flash itself is powerful, and if you like using a flash, then this is a good one.One of the features that I most appreciate is the ability for the camera to shoot in RAW mode. When I first got the camera, I shot JPEG's. However, as I became more familiar with the RAW feature, I began to appreciate it more. Also, over the years, Adobe has greatly improved its camera RAW application. Now I would not dream of shooting anything other than RAW, because of the ability to adjust your picture before converting it to a JPEG or TIFF. In Adobe camera RAW, you can open your picture in either 8-bit mode or 16 bit mode, and you can also open it in either a small or huge size and several sizes in between. I consider this to be a great advantage.If you are new to photography, or on a tight budget, I would highly recommend this camera. Even though it is now several models back from Canon's newest top-of-the-line, it still takes fine pictures and has many options for customizing your shooting.