I can't begin to tell you how wonderful this little camera is. I am a graphic design student and all my teachers require us to take our own pictures to use in our projects. Before I had this camera, I had a Kodak 3.2 megapixel camera and although I loved that camera it just wasn't powerful enough to meet my needs. So after months of research, I decided that this would be the ideal camera to meet my needs. I'm proud to say I made a wise purchase.Let's review the positives.-It's slim and light weight!-Anti-shake makes it impossible to blur up your pictures, trust me I've done the tests.-It's extremely easy to use.-Nice big view screen (a huge problem with my Kodak)-Fast shutter speed (not the case with my Kodak)-Various kinds of modes and flashes-The most important feature is the photos are absolutely wonderful with this camera. If you are a professional photographer this camera would make you proud.Now as with every product, there are always a few negatives and this camera isn't any different.-It comes with minimal accessories and no case. Because this is a nice little camera, I recommend you also purchase a case so you don't hurt it.-As with all digital cameras, the battery life is a little on the low side. You can get in a lot of shots but I recommend buying a back up just in case. I purshcased mine on ebay for a mere $8. If you are lucky you could get that deal as well.-You do have to take the battery out to charge it and it's a pain. I would try to buy a cradle if you can but if you don't it's not a huge hassel, just less steps.-You will need to upgrade to at least a 1GB memory card if you would like more than 100 pictures and I'm guessing you will.-My biggest gripe about my camera is that you can not change the default settings on it and have them remain after you turn the camera off and back on again. It doesn't allow you a lot of control. The good part about this is eventually your figure it out and you can eliminate the problems when you find the right buttons. It just would be nice to change something and not have to keep resetting everytime you use the camera.-Another thing that bugs me is that the default saving of pictures is 72 pixels. For all of you who don't no what that is, it's the resolution of your picture (how clear it is). Now the default for printing your pictures on a standard printer is between 140-240. Now the good thing about the camera is it takes huge pictures so you can trim them down in photoshop like I do and make them fit your needs. But for people who don't know a lot about this it can make it difficult to load pictures on the net and it might take forever to upload them. That is the one thing I enjoyed about my Kodak. It kept the default pixels at about 230 and the picture size was still large enough to work for you.-And my last major gripe with this camera is that it's sometimes difficult to find the right mode to take some pictures. A good example of this is when I was at a function this year, they were putting on a show. With the show came backlights. It took me forever to find a mode that would take decent enough pictures. My Kodak came with a setting for this very problem and I used it all the time. I only wish this camera did the same.Overall, all the cons out weighted the bad and I love my purchase. I think this would be a wonderful find for anyone who enjoys digital photography or is a graphic desinger such as myself.