As a budding amateur photographer I have a dSLR and a few lenses, but even the body and one general purpose lens is too much to be lugging around in many situations, so a month or so back I started looking at super-compacts for those photo opportunities I was missing, something I could have on me at all times. My main criteria:* Truly portable. Jeans or shirt pocket.* Something that will survive there. Molded metal, not token pressed metal covers or plastic.* Extensive and easy to access manual adjustments.* Best image quality available for its class, especially low light - I hate using flash.* RAW capability.Canon haven't released a new S since 2005 I think (the venerable S80), but it is back with a vengeance and the S90 presses all the above buttons. It is also a much more attractive beast than the older ones IMO - all-black, sleek, very minimalist. The anodized aluminum casing looks to be close to 1mm thick all round and should stand up to quite a lot of abuse. The lens and control ring are plastic but suitably thick and sturdy. I am stunned by its image quality particularly in low light; it doesn't come close to cameras with larger sensors and lenses but it is impressive for a camera this size. The lens-mounted control ring is great. The camera has all the manual adjustments you could reasonably want using that ring, the rear wheel and the shortcut button, and it can be set to run almost invisibly, e.g. no flash, AF assist lamp or beeps, great for candid shots. The optical image stabilization is a major boon, and I can't overstate the importance of raw - the best shots often happen for me spontaneously in the worst conditions and even the best JPEG encoder will chew a quick noisy shot to pieces and limit recovery options.It does have a few downsides, mostly minor:* The control wheel on the back is too easy to jog. It's only caught me a couple of times (knocking it to ISO3200 in broad daylight, oops) and I've learned to work around it by changing my grip, but it could be addressed in firmware - wheel lock on the shortcut button please! For the next iteration I'd prefer another dial under the mode dial instead though.* The tiny lens has quite bad distortions and aberrations particularly at the wide end, but most of these can be dealt with in software. JPEGs are corrected well by the camera itself while RAWs are rightly left untouched. The included software will deal with RAWs but I use DxO/Lightroom, same flow as my SLR.* The anodized metal coating started to scratch off within a few days of life in my pocket. I kind of like this "lived-in" look though, makes it look old and even less conspicuous. :)* No HD video. This seems to be a must-have for some but wasn't an issue for me as I am primarily interested in stills. I don't think you can expect video worthy of HD out of something this small anyway - prosumer video cameras are way bigger and more expensive than this for a reason.* Zoom may not be long enough for some. Instead it's wide and fast which I prefer overall. I wouldn't mind if they dropped it back further to 2.5x or so to gain elsewhere. By the way, you won't get strong depth of field effects from a lens/sensor this size, despite what the promo literature may say. For closeups of small subjects it's noticeable, but you're not going to see much background blur on portraits, say. Like most fast lenses you also need to stop it down a bit to hit its sharpness "sweet spot", f/2 is rather soft at the edges.* The 3" screen is beautiful but I think it might be too big if anything - it does battery life no favors and makes it more vulnerable to damage. Mine also has slight backlight bleed along the top edge but this isn't noticeable most of the time. Shrinking the screen a little would free up rear space for extra controls.* Battery life is an annoyance, bank on no more than 100 shots. I probably won't get a spare, it's just another thing to be carrying around which rather defeats the purpose, so I do need to remember to feed the thing frequently. Also, I don't know what the designers were thinking but the battery gauge gives virtually no warning when the camera's about to die - as soon as it drops from full to two bars you have very few shots left. I hope this is something Canon can fix in firmware because right now the gauge is close to useless.Many of these are compromises made to get class-leading image quality out of a camera so small - all in all very impressed and no way could I give it fewer than 5 stars. It's been ready to pop out of my pocket constantly since I bought it.Canon made the right choice here and with the G11 backing off from the "megapixel race". If anything they could go even lower - I got plenty of great shots out of my old Nikon D40 which was "only" 6MP. Sensor resolution was never a big issue there, and it's even less so on super-compacts with their tiny compromised optics. I'm interested to see how other manufacturers respond to Canon's raising the bar with this camera. Its excellent Sony CCD will surely show up elsewhere soon. Nikon in particular don't seem to have seriously tackled this area of the market yet - never been very impressed by their compacts - I hope this will wake them up.