I absolutely love this camera!I was looking for a good quality point-and-shoot camera for everyday use. I have a D-SLR, but it's large and heavy. I wanted something I could use to take pictures without having to plan a photo shoot or outing of the like.I chose this camera because of the great specs it has (14.2 mega pixel, 7x Optical zoom), because it shoots HD video as well as still shots, and because it has a touch screen.  The touch screen is very easy to use, and it's quite responsive. It's one of the better non-apple touch screens I've encountered. It has a mess of little extra features, like motion sensitive commands (pressing a specific button on the screen and tilting it one way or another will activate a different function or mode of shooting). It has face detection, which is nice if you need it. It has auto-focus on as a default, but you can turn on one-touch-focus, which allows you to touch anywhere on the screen when preparing a shot and it will focus on that spot. It streamlines the switch over from taking pictures with an iPhone 3gs or 4g, which is good for those who have them. When looking at pictures you've taken, you can either click through the pictures, swipe the screen with a finger, or tilt the camera one way or another. If you don't like those features, though, you can turn them off. Honestly, though they're great.I think it's a great camera. It has a lot of little features, which make the price worth it. You can playback photos with music and different effects. You can also edit pictures in the camera; it has a few basic fixes to pictures like changing the brightness, contrast, light color, and saturation. For most of these features, there's an autocorrect option, which will use standard measures to change it to make it better. You can rotate photos (though the camera does take into consideration the orientation of the camera when snapping pictures). You can apply a variety of filters and effects to the pictures. You can also resize them within the camera. The altered photos are saved as a new image, so you don't lose your original photo. It's great for when you don't have a good photo-editing program, as I currently don't.I'm actually in love with this camera. It has great battery life, a nice flash, and great pictures. It's a perfect size for everyday use; I just throw it in my purse when I'm on my way out and I'm ready for any photo-op while I'm out and about. It's perfect for when I spot beautiful clouds or random little things.  (By the way, if you're worried, as I was, that your camera will get banged up or scratched being in your bag or pocket, I use this case with my camera: Case Logic UP-2 Universal Pockets Medium (Blue).) The camera does seem fairly resistant to scratching though, so it's really up to you. The camera is light though, and it's pretty quick to process commands. It makes me very happy.Overall, it's the best point-and-shoot camera I've ever gotten. I definitely recommend it.