The reason I purchased this camera was to use it for both pictures and video when I don't want to carry my DSLR and HD video camera.  It is a mistake to compare it to either, rather it is more fair to compare it to other P&S; cameras available in the $400 price range that are capable of video.1.  Still Camera Features:  The AF modes and multi-point AF tracking is quite good and allows you to get the shot.  This is probably the best feature of this camera and hats off to Panasonic for doing this right.  However, comparing to Canon P&S;, the AWB and color balance is definitely lacking. It is particularly bad when shooting in ambient artificial light, but outdoors it is a little bit better, but not much.  If RAW shooting was permitted, this could easily be fixed.  For such a good lens, the picture quality of the files don't hold up well to the Canon G9, it just seems to lack fine detail.  Now again, you could say I'm being picky, but remember I'm comparing it to other P&S; and I would think that this camera's shots should be comparable to say the Panasonic LX3 or a Canon G9.2.  Video Camera Features:  The AVCHD Lite will NOT work on a Mac with iMovie, which is the best inexpensive video editing software available, that comes standard on all Macs.  You have to use Motion jpeg which takes up more memory card space and you can only shoot in 15 min. increments.  The zoom feature while doing video is nice, but it is slow to auto focus.Finally, this camera is made in Japan and is solid and has a good feel. It is small enough to fit in a man's shirt pocket or a woman's small purse.  The 3" LCD screen is nice and you can see all of your settings on it. In the real world price vs. performance is key and you can't have everything. That said, this camera is more appropriately priced at $300 and would then merit 4 stars.  At nearly $400, for what you get, 3 stars is the best one could give it.EDITED 26 OCT 2009 (updated from 3-stars to 4-stars):1.  AVCHD Lite format can now be read by iMovie 09 on all Macs.  It works great, and although I didn't play the video on a large screen, on a 24" LCD monitor the 720p video looks good.  The microphone pickup is quite good too.  On a 16GB SD card you can get well over 2 hours of video, but battery life is eaten up even without zooming so actually getting continuous 2 hours is not possible.2.  Setting a maximum ISO will help in reducing noise, particularly chroma noise, but it will drop the shutter speed too low where image stabilization becomes less useful.3.  The price is now approximately between $270-$290 which makes this P&S; camera a better deal, but if you have to spend full retail, then research what the alternatives are since color balance is an issue.  For the money, its a good deal.