****The best selling points of this camera (for me):- it works on AA batteries, and if needed, you can buy them in any country. (Buy rechargeables!)- it has an awesome zoom (when coupled with the digital zoom)- the pictures are beautiful, and can blow up to 8x10 on high resolution- even when you shoot the shot at a high resolution, you can change it later to a lower res if you want to. But be careful, you can go down, but not back up!- it has a panorama function that works pretty good, and it includes stitching the pictures together- it fits on a tripod- it is quite practical in size- it is very affordable for what you get and the quality of output.- you can view your pictures immediately on a television with the video cable- you can view the image on the TV while you are shooting the picture (works great for family portraits so you can see the shot before it is taken and fix things that don't quite look right)- I like the rapid fire shooting it has The things I can live with but wish were better:- it takes any smart media card, but the panorama function only works if you buy the Olympus smart media card- If you plan on using it for extended periods, you really need to buy rechargeables- the digital zoom is not very clear when viewing the image UNTIL you actually take the shot. And you really need a steady hand. But the shot comes out perfect. The thumbnails look blurry, though the picture really isn't.- The pics take a long time to load onto your computer if you try to load them through your camera. I bought the DAZZLE ZIO! SMART MEDIA READER and it downloads the images boom-boom-boom-boom...instantly! Excellent feature, but sold separately.- Doesn't come with a carrying case (good carrying cases are expensive - also sold separately)- it only comes with a 16mb smart media card, YOU NEED MORE! (cha-ching)...for a 128mb, which by the way is about all you need for a week vacation. Takes 167 pics at high resolution.- It sometimes takes a long time to focus and I did miss a few action shots because of this, but if you are prepared and pre-focus the camera it works great. You can also use the rapid firing option and just delete the ones you don't want. I did that too and it worked great. Overall, this (in my opinion) was an excellent choice. I have had the camera for 2 months now and I LOVE IT! It was quite affordable if I were only buying the camera at... but when you add in the rechargeables, the recharger, smart card, carrying case, cleaning rags, media card reader, and tax, you do need to think of it more like an investment than a toy.  The final bill came out to... OUCH! Would I do it again? You bet! Considering the stock market, it was the best investment I made all year. Do I regret not getting the 4.0 mp? No way, the zoom is not nearly as good as the 3.1, and when am I really ever going to print out an 11x14 picture (which is the only reason you ever need to go bigger than a 3.1.) besides, my printer isn't even big enough to print it, so I would have to have a shop print it - not realistic. Don't waste better options for more mega pixels, unless you are a professional, you really won't have the need for them.Hope this helps!