You really have to work hard to take a bad shot with this camera. Also the 720p HD video is amazing.  Very happy overall.Below I've put together a few notes on getting the most out of the camera and avoiding some of it's minor foibles..It's not as obvious as it should be when video is recording.. I liked my old camera's blinking led.. The ZS3's on screen record indicator(especially when you have the display set to view histogram and a bunch of other info).. is not distinctive enough.  The record button is also not as easy to press as it should be. I may add one of those small little self-adhesive rubbery sticky dots on the button and see if that helps.Highlights can end up clipped in videos(and pictures to a much lesser extent).. This can be fixed by putting camera in "normal mode" on the dial and pressing "up" on the D-pad. This is the ONLY place you have access to exposure control that works for both video and pictures.  I would recommend -1/3 for pictures and even -2/3 for video.  For some reason the camera is very aggressive at brightening video.. I've taken video of my son playing lacrosse at night on a lighted Football field.. looks almost like broad daylight using default exposure and still clipped the whites even in that low light.One other note on video.. and I was burned by this. When you hit the record/stop button at the end of shooting a video, it does NOT continue to process video left in the buffer.. it just dumps it. That means the actual end of the video is about a half second before when you hit the "record/stop" button. I lost one of my son's goals that way.. Hit the button to stop recording right after he scored, and the video ended up clipped right as he was shooting. :(  My old camera had very limited recording length per card(no SDHC support), so I am still a little trigger happy.. will have to adjust for this minor flaw.Video does stutter slightly on panning.. I think this is a function of the imager only recording at 30fps while video is converted to 60fps for AVHDC.. it is either duplicating frames, or averaging one in between which causes it to not be as smooth as I might like in that situation. Seems most noticeable in very bright light with something like bricks in the background. Might try MJPEG mode(30fps only) and see if that changes anything.I was surprised by the camera's focal depth while shooting video. People in the stands right in front of me seemed as clear as the players on the field 50+ yards away even in fairly low light.I also use "Intelligent ISO800" in picture mode.. nice feature that boosts ISO automatically when it detects motion in the frame.As for the flash.. which BTW is perhaps the camera's weakest feature.  I find a much cleaner way to deal with turning it on or off, is by using the quick menu and turning Unlimited burst mode on and off.. In burst mode, the flash is forced off. I leave burst mode on most of the time.. you can click and just get one shot, or hold shutter down and snap off a series of quick shots.. Great for group and individual candid photos.Software that comes with the camera is not great..I am using my old Cannon Zoombrowser software for pictures. I am forced for now to use Panasonic's provided software only for video. The Software provided is also far worse at playing back video clips on my slow computer than a couple of other players I use.  Video trimming feature, while nice to have, is counter intuitive.. you select the part of the video you want to delete, and not the part you want to keep.. that threw me for a while. Also frustrating that there is no easy way to rename videos and there's also no way to set a "star" or "favorite" rating for videos(on or off the camera).Good news is the AVCHD(mt2s) video files can be directly uploaded to YouTube(which will convert them to their HD format for you)Flash burst mode(in scenes) while limited in resolution(3mpix at 3:2) works well for capturing quick snaps of kids playing around in poorly lit rooms.Wide angle really is nice.. so much easier to compose shots than with my old Powershot S2..Can't believe I have so much more resolution, effortless shooting with snappy focus and amazing HD video quality, All in a camera 1/3rd the size and weight and it still has the 12x Zoom. Stuff it in my pocket and take it anywhere.  Good ridance to extra batteries and the "man purse" I had to carry with that S2 clunker!  The big bright high res screen on the back is a wonderful addition as well.