If you are having security issues and need actual photographs or proof of what is going on, this is not going to be of help to you. However, this Defender Imitation Dome Security Camera is so realistic that it is not only a great deterrent, but will bring you great peace of mind for only $10.00. Do these fake cameras work? ABSOLUTELY. At every place I worked, the owners used them. I worked at a Dry Cleaners who had a safe in the back. They had 2 security cameras and never had a robbery. One camera was real that didn't work and the other camera was an imitation. Both were mounted on the ceiling and you couldn't tell the two apart. Only if you held them in your hands could you see which was real and which was fake, as the real cameras are heavy. Another large cosmetic factory where I worked for years had employee problems. Working shoulder to shoulder on production lines all day caused tempers to flair on occasion, and sometimes someone would get their car egged or keyed, so to stop this problem, the company installed security cameras all around the parking lot. Needless to say, we never knew if the cameras were real or fake, but the car keying and egging magically stopped!This Defender Imitation Dome Security Camera looks exactly like the real thing. You could put this side by side with a real one and you would not know which was which on the ceiling. Only close up and in your hand will you feel the heavier real camera. This imitation camera comes with mounting equipment, as it is designed to be mounted on a ceiling and look down. I found it easier to install with string through the battery door and the string taped with heavy packing tape to an inside window frame, rather than drilling holes and screwing it in permanently, for a perfect view of our yard. This imitation camera is super light and can easily be held in place with simple string and tape. The battery compartment holds 3 AA batteries, which are supposed to last 3 months. Also, there is a one year guarantee, which means you can have a great LED flashing deterrent for only $10.00 a year and of course forever if you just use the dome without the flashing LED, should the LED finally fail.Another great thing is this camera can be mounted inside or outdoors. Since the unit is all plastic, it will stay perfect outside no matter what the weather. The flashing red LED light is wonderful- just like the real ones- it says the tape is filming you right now. Also included are 4 window warning stickers- just like the real ones come with, which is a nice touch for added security. Even if you need a real camera, you can also use these fakes for more security in combination with the real ones. No one ever knew at the Dry Cleaners where I worked for years that there was one real camera and one fake one side by side. It's just more added deterrents to help safeguard your property. If you want 24/7 protection- all cameras whether real or fake will always do the job, as after all, what crook is willing to take that chance of being photographed and this $10.00 Defender Imitation Dome will do just that!