Yes, 2012 is drawing to a close in a couple of months, and I just reverted back to a camera introduced in 2006 - the D80.Why on earth did I do that?  The D50 I started with in 2005 was a fantastic camera.  Well, I got caught up in the megapixel marketing hype AND digital video craze, and decided it was time to upgrade.  So I sold my D50 and went for the D3100.  The D3100 is a great camera on paper; the specs are excellent.  But the feel is much more "Fisher Price" than "Nikon" in my opinion.  The grip was tiny and the camera just didn't have the "feel" I was used to with the D50 (some people would consider the lighter weight an advantage, but I found that I missed my steady old camera).  And when I took pictures the D3100 didn't seem to want to focus like the D50 did (which probably could have been remedied in some menu buried in the settings, but I couldn't quite get the D3100 to cooperate).  I took plenty of A+ pictures with the D3100, but I felt almost like I was carrying around a point-and-shoot camera that is dumbed down for the masses.So I recently decided to take the crazy plunge of selling my D3100 and go backwards in time to the D80.  My first instinct was just to pick up another D50, but the D80 had enough improvements (yet was still similar to the D50) that I went for the D80 (more megapixels, ability to accept SD cards > 2GB, and more bells and whistles).  The price for a good used one at the time of this review is well under $300, and now that I have taken the plunge I cannot tell you how happy I am with the new camera.The D80 has made me really learn more about adjustments and how to take great pictures, and playing with the settings "on-the-fly" is 100 times easier with the D80 than it was the D3100.  I love the fact that the D80 has the old-school readout on the top of the camera that tells you pertinent info at a glance (even has a backlight for that).  Sure, the D3100 tells you all of that stuff on the main LCD panel on the back of the camera, but it is an extra step than gets old quickly.  The D80 has a few additional buttons and a wheel on the front that really speeds up the process of changing settings, viewing photos, and changing things around in a snap.  In a period of about 2 mintues I took 20 pictures of the moon, and tried a wide range of ISO settings and shutter speeds.  I wound up taking some phenominal shots using ISO 100 and a shutter speed of 400 (no noise and very little hand shake blurring).  But with the D3100 (or some of the other newer models), I would have had to jump through multiple menus to accomplish the same feat.  I would simply not have gone through those steps and my moon picture would have turned out too bright and would have been blurry, and I would have shrugged my shoulders.  But the D80 has renewed my photography interest, and amazes me how great pictures can be even from an "old" camera.In summary, if you are looking to get into a good DSLR, don't think that you HAVE to buy the newest thing; if you find an older camera at a good price, give it a shot.  For the money (again, 6 years after it was released), the D80 is a fantastic camera!