I own another camera that I never use.  My daughter is three and between snacks, a change of clothes and her entourage of stuffed animal friends there is just no way I'm toting a bulky camera on the chance that she does something cute. And on those rare occasions I do manage to bring it, by the time I adjust the settings I've already missed the shot.  More often than not, in my hurry I've also adjusted the settings incorrectly and ended up with a blurry, unusable photo.  I realized that I was constantly missing memorable moments when all I really needed to do was change cameras. A big complicated camera just doesn't make sense when your trying to catch your toddler's spontaneous moments of adorable.So, I started looking.  After spending several hours on the internet I decided on this one.  The AI mode is perfect for those moments when you only have enough time to turn your camera on.  At the same time there are several manual options that are great for parents.  The Kids Mode encodes your photo with your child's name, date and age (Years, Months, Days). You only have to enter your child's name and b-day once and it saves the setting.  Another is Burst.  When turned on your camera will continuously snap pictures as long as you hold the button.  Once released it writes them to file.  Like most parents I like to take multiple pictures to ensure I get the shot.  If my daughter blinks its okay because her eyes were open in the next frame. I also liked the soft skin mode (more for me than my daughter).  It really seemed to soften smile lines and crows feet which I think any mother with small children can appreciate.I was going to order from Amazon, but to ensure delivery was on a day that I'd be home I needed to wait until Thursday to order.  Later, I was picking up a few things at Walmart and decided to see if they had this model so I could try it out in person.  They did and it was $149, same as on Amazon.  Since you can return any digital camera purchase within 15 days if your not happy, I decided to purchase it from there.  Also, their store warranty was cheaper by half.*Edited 8/16/12:Another reviewer stated they had to remove the battery to charge it. I'm not sure why there would be a difference or if they reviewed the wrong model but that is not the case with mine. I was surprised actually because all of my previous cameras have had a large battery pack that had to be removed and plugged into an even larger battery charger. I just assumed it was that way for them all. However, this camera has a small flat battery positioned in the bottom next to the memory card.  To charge it you plug the USB cord into the side of the camera and the other end into the wall using the small plug provided.