PROS: Very Good Indoor/Low Light Image Quality for a small camera especially at wide angle, Good Flash range; fast Lens (f/2.0) at wide angle, manual controls.CONS: Overpriced; No optical view finder, Image Noise reduction reduces sharpening and detail at telephoto end, camera sometimes blows out highlights at close range, image quality no better (or worse) than many other compact cameras in day light, lens aperture slows down to to f/4.9 at telephoto endOTHER THOUGHTS: Most digital cameras take very good pictures in good lighting conditions (daylight).  This camera takes some very nice pictures in such conditions although no better than many other compact cameras including other much cheaper Canon models and with less dynamic range than some others such as the Fuji F200EXR.The challenge for all digital cameras is shooting in lower lighting conditions (indoors).  Cameras with large sensors, (DSLRs and micro 4/3 cameras),  handle this without too much problem in most conditions. Compact cameras which invariably have  small sensors and a weak flash struggle in low light (at higher ISO settings).  There are some older compact cameras which also have relatively large sensors and a strong flash (i.e. Fuji F20, F30, F31FD, Olympus C-7000, Canon G6) Some of these cameras are still available used at reasonable prices although they do not have image stabilization nor a wide angle lens.  The S90 with a sensor larger than most compact cameras sold today, is the best small low light camera currently available that I have seen (I am not counting the Panasoniuc LX3 as a small camera; see below).  The S90 is not comparable to even the worst DSLR or better than some of the older cameras mentioned above (especially the C-7000). The S90 is better indoors than the second best camera currently available, the Fuji F200EXR.  The flash on the S90 is stronger and the images look brighter and cleaner than the F200EXR in most instances. The S90's strong flash results in the battery discharging somewhat quicker than other compact cameras (a worthwhile tradeoff).  The S90 takes  much better photos at the wide end (where the aperture is at f/2.0)than at the telephoto end. At the telephoto end, the lens is modest in its range (3.7x) compared to some other small cameras and and is also rather slow(f/4.9).  At the telephoto end, there is obvious and heavy noise reduction being implemented in the .JPG processing.  This seriously compromises fine image details. The S90 offers RAW (unprocessed image)shooting but this is seriously compromised by serious image distortion (which does not seem to appear in .JPG images as far as I can see).The Panasonic LX3 does a better job in low light at mid shooting ranges (50mm equiv or so). The LX3 also has a fast lens as well as  large sensor (for a compact camera). The LX3 also has a much wider (24mm vs S90 28mm equiv)and faster lens (f/2.0-f2.8 vs. the S90 f/2.0-f4.9). I have been able to use the LX3 indoors without a flsh resulting in very usuable photographs. When attempting the same thing for the S90 I was disappointed at all zoom ranges except at its widest (28mm equiv) range. The LX3 may not be a fair comparison though, it is larger then the S90.  The main draw back is the very limited telephoto range on the LX3; only 60mm equiv at it longest (vs 105mm for the S90). The Lx3 is also more expensive than the S90.CONCLUSION:  If you do most of your shooting outdoors, this is probably not your camera.  The Fuji F200EXR is better outdoors, is cheaper and does a reasonable job indoors.  Similarly, if you are prepared to carry a bulkier camera, a  small DSLR (i.e. the Olympus evolt e-4xx series) is in the same price range and is a much better value and takes much better pictures. However, if you take many indoor pictures, need a very small camera  and can afford the S90 price, then this camera may be what you are looking for.