I love Fuji cameras - and no, I'm not a Fuji employee, but maybe I should be - I would love an employee discount!  This Z37 was a deal I couldn't refuse and I believe this is my 10th Fuji digital camera I've purchased since 2004.  I got the purple color and it's beautiful.I owned the Z30 previously, but at the last minute I decided to gift it to a young relative of mine only because of one thing I disliked about it: On the Z30 the USB plug-in was located INSIDE the camera's battery compartment.  I feared the latch would eventually break off since the USB plug, the battery and the memory card were all in the same area.Instead, the Z37 Fuji has the USB plug on the SIDE of the camera.  In addition, this is a multi-use plug.  With the Z37 you get an AC adapter cable in addition to the USB cable.  The AC adapter charges the battery inside the camera.  So unless I'm removing the memory card on this camera, there is no reason to open the battery compartment.The AC adapter replaces the separate battery charger that comes with the Z30.  This also means if your battery runs low, you can use the Z37 with it plugged into an outlet, but of course, this does limit what you can take a picture of, unless it's something near the electric outlet.The Z37 is slightly thinner than the Z30 but otherwise they appear to be the same.  Same LCD size, and the buttons are located in the same configuration.  The LCD is big and bright - I have no trouble seeing anything outside in the bright sun. It's tiny and lightweight and easy to carry in either a pocket or small bag - it weighs slightly over 4 ounces.And since the lens has a cover - and this is the way the camera is powered on/off - by sliding the lens cover open (like the first Fuji digital cameras invented) you almost don't need to buy a separate case....although I do keep mine in a case because I don't like the exterior to get scratched.Just one complaint with this camera, otherwise it's perfect.  There is no good area to hold onto the camera. The entire back is composed of LCD screen and buttons. At least the back area is rubberized so it does help with the grip.But the pro's way outnumber my single complaint:>>> Quick response when opening the lens cover to take the first shot>>> SR Auto - just point and shoot>>> Takes beautiful pictures>>> Fast response time after taking a flash picture>>> Lithium-ion battery - one charge lasts over 200 pictures>>> Takes good videos - better than my expensive Panasonic LumixNote about the videos:  You can't use optical zoom once you start filming, but you can set it before.  You can use digital zoom after you start filming, but you have to turn it on before-hand in the set-up menu.  They aren't HD but they look pretty good.Note about the SR Auto setting:  This setting drains the battery a little quicker, because the lens and sensor is constantly evaluating and focusing whatever you have the camera pointed at - the lens noise is completely normal and nothing to worry about.  If you don't want to hear the lens focusing, just set the camera on regular Auto instead (the picture of the camera icon).In conclusion: This is a good entry-level camera and I recommend it for just about anyone who is looking for an easy to use camera.  Even a young kid. And it's built tougher than it appears - since the lens zooms INSIDE the camera body. Case in point: Two days after I received my Z30, it slipped out of my hands and hit the kitchen floor (my condo is built on a slab). I thought the camera was broken, but I turned it back on and was none worse for the wear. Not even a scratch.  This Z37 appears to be built just as tough as the Z30 which I dropped.It comes with just 18 MB of internal memory, so pick up an SD card if you don't already have one.