Let me get the negatives out of the way first. This camera does have a soft focus, and that can be a problem if you are a precise focuser. About 90% of the time the autofocus picks up what the center of attention should be, but for the other 10% of the time learn to use the manual focus. If you're taking family snapshots, you'll be fine, so long as they're not moving too fast. This leads to the other issue: there's a slight delay (1/2 sec at the highest photo settings) when you take a shot. Most of the time, it's not noticable, but if you're trying to take action shots with precise shutter timing, it'll take some practice. The delay is much, much better than some of the waits I've experienced on older cameras -- sometimes it was a full second or more. More to the point, if you're a photo perfectionist, then why are you buying a 3MP digital camera in the first place? You should save your money and buy a digital SLR where you don't have the limitations that come with cameras in this range.All that said... you can have my camera when you pull it from my cold, dead fingers. I've had experience with a number of digital cameras, and I've never had one that actually makes me look like a good photographer. The A70 is a great fully automatic camera, but its manual settings make it the "missing link" between the entry-level and SLR models. I've never seen a $...camera that gives you this much control over your shots -- shutter speed, aperture, focus, white balance, film speed, and exposure are all under your control in program mode. There are a number of presets (e.g. fast shutter, variable aperture and time, and a few more I can't remember right now) that allow you to take control of only the settings you want to control. You can also attach proprietary lenses (with a sold-seperately attachment ring), adding still more flexibility. And, while it does have a learning curve, you can take great shots straight out of the box -- something I couldn't say for some of the earlier digital camera models I've used. If you're looking for a camera that gives you manual control, but you're not rich enough or ready to go for the high-end digi SLRs, give a long look at the Canon A70.Two other things I should mention. One, it does take 4 AA batteries, but this is a good thing IMO, since it means longer operational time for the camera. Pick up a couple sets of NiMH batteries and a charger. I took the A70 on a four hour hike and one set of fully charged NiMH cells. Never lost operation of the camera. (I didn't keep it on the whole time, but I've used digital cameras in the past that would have petered out an hour in, even with limited operation.) Two, get at least one (preferably two) 128MB or larger Compact Flash cards. The camera will fit 76 large format, super high quality images on one 128MB card.