Reading through the reviews here I have been seeing a common trend of problems with the camera, or I should say user. A lot of users are going to be upgrading from their entry level DSLR like a T2i or d3100. You have to remember this is NOT a point and shoot camera like entry level cameras are. There are so many more settings and factors that will effect the photos you get. I have had this camera for about 6 months now and it has been quite a learning curve. Instead of complaining that the camera doesn't take great pictures, I learned how to work with the camera to get great pictures that i would never have been able to get with the t3i I upgraded from.Why?The main reason to buy this camera is: its much faster, more accurate, more advanced, 19 point cross-type AF system. Again, there are many settings that effect how the AF will function, and its up to you, the user to determine the settings you want to use. This camera also provides a micro adjustment for each lens to get your focusing better than you could have with an entry level DSLR. And remember that there is a dioptric adjustment. If you think you are seeing "fuzzy" or "not focused" pictures, its because you did not adjust this and its because of your eyes, NOT the camera.This camera is very well suited for action photography. Noise is very clean up till ISO 3200 which makes getting action shots a breeze.This camera has some sort of weather sealing which makes it a good camera to take outdoors on a rainy day.To get the most out of this camera you MUST be shooting RAW and be WILLING to do some post production.Having 8fps shooting, and basically an unlimited buffer has allowed me to get many more shots than i would ever be able to get before.It has a MUCH larger viewfinder than an entry level dslr.The AF works wonders in low light.The battery lasts me around 2k+ shots on most days.When I first received this camera I was disappointed.  I would snap two identical pictures on the 7D and on the t3i. For some reason I thought the t3i took better pictures. The t3i's display is quite sharp and gives you a false sense of the pictures you take. In reality when I would put both photos on photoshop and begin editing them, the 7Ds photos were sharper and had less noise.Dont expect to get low noise like a FullFrame body like the 5D. This camera IS susceptible to low ISO noise in certain conditions. Review your settings and turn off all in-camera noise reduction.A few quick facts about this camera:The t2i/t3i, 60D, and 7D share almost identical sensors. The 7D has DUAL processors which allows it to have substantially better AF and faster shooting. Technically these cameras should take very similar pictures. The 7D is Canon's flagship Crop-Sensor Body.Finally- put your money where your lenses are. An "L" series canon lens is going to do much more for you than upgrading your body.In all I am in LOVE with this body and Im very glad I upgraded to it. Even though this camera was released in 2009, Canon is still providing firmware updates that increases its performance. The last updated increased its RAW and RAW+JPEG buffer and added manual audio adjustment.Happy shooting!