This is an excellent digital camera.  For the past several years I have had a Nikon Coolpix 950.  While it did a good job, I have used Nikon 35 mm cameras for decades and the unusual shape of the Coolpix 950 never felt as comfortable to hold and use as a 35 mm. Also, the 950 was too menu driven to make it quick and easy to use.  Problems solved with the Coolpix 5700!  Although it is smaller than any 35 mm I've ever owned, it still has the familiar shape.  It is also less menu driven, with several buttons that allow you to easily access features so that you can keep your eye on your subject, rather than having to flip through lengthy menus.  While there is an extensive menu system, Nikon has provided 4 different user settings, 3 of which you can customize with whatever features you want so that you do not have to constantly be searching through menus to set the camera up for different situations.  I have one user setting set up for ease of aperture priority use, another set up for shutter priority use, the third set up for complete manual use. Switching from one user setting to another is easy and can be done while keeping your eye on your subject.I admit that the camera could have actually benefited from being slightly larger, but overall it has a good solid feel and easy to use layout. (People with very large hands might disagree). Only criticisms:  (1)  The lens is not threaded for filters!!  There is a substantial piece of glass in front of this camera and the only way to protect it is to buy some goofy extension tubes and put a filter on that.  This is very poor designing for a camera that is intended for advanced amateurs and "prosumers." (2)  The auto focus is a little slow.  Overall, the lag time for this camera is significantly better than my 950, as well as most other digitals, but the auto focus can sometimes be a little slow and finicky with certain subjects.  (3)  The LCD monitor on the back is a little too small. Again, the camera would have benefited from a little larger overall size, which would include a little larger monitor on the back.  The monitor on my old 950 is substantially larger.  (4)  Nikon needs to package this camera with at least a 64 MB CF card (or better yet a 128), instead of the almost useless 32 MB card that it currently comes with.  (I heard that earlier production models came with only a 16MB card!!).All of that having been said, this is a GREAT camera.  I haven't experienced any of the problems with the pop-up flash that others have reported.  Perhaps this was an issue with some of the earlier production models.  Included in the box is a battery charger, which was an excellent idea on Nikon's part.  (There is nothing worse than buying a new toy and you can't even play with it because you can't charge the batteries).  5 MP is awesome, the picture color and balance is superb, and the extensive list of features and flexibility is astounding.  If you're looking for a top of the line digital for under a grand, this is the one!