I wasn't going to write a review for this because there are so so many on Amazon I hardly see the point. But I just have to share some thoughts on this camera.Things that amaze me:-The Auto Focus system. Most of the time I use all 19 AF points and let the camera decide. And I'm amazed at how it gets it right most of the time. Sometimes in a tricky situation it may miss it. (EDIT: 5/10/11: I no longer use all 19 points. I switch between point and expansion for precision focusing. But still, the sheer number of options in the AF system is amazing.-The Auto Focus in dim light. I love how even in a dark room I'll get the camera out to take a shot and I'm amazed that it could find focus. This is something my XSi could not do. Not even close.-Movie Mode. I'm a DSLR guy that likes movie mode. Why not have movie mode in a camera? I like shooting little clips and I plan do use this ability to provide additional services for my customers. Great quality clips.-Ergonomics. This is an area that is subject to opinion. Some people like Nikon grips better. That's ok, no reason to fight. I personally like Canon grips infinitely better. This is a very very comfortable EOS to hold.Things that are great:-Image quality. The image quality of this camera is very good. It's not a good deal better than anything else these days. Nikons, Canons, Sonys, they all take great pictures.-Back LCD. It's sharp and clear. 921,000K pixel resolution is a huge step up from the LCD of the XSi.-Magnesium Alloy body. An all metal body makes this camera a tough one. The metal body is sturdy and feels much more substancial than plastic Rebels.-Weather Sealing. I haven't had a chance to use this feature but I like the fact that I can shoot in the rain with this thing. (as long as I have a weather sealed lens as well)-Wireless Flash transmitter: This camera has a wireless flash transmitter for controlling off camera Speedlites. I love this feature.-8 fps. 8 frames per second. Great for catching action. And it's still 8fps in 14bit RAW, something the Nikon D300s can not do. I have a 90mb/s memory card and I get about 19 shoots in a burts of 14bit RAWs. Shooting in Jpeg with NR off I believe you can shoot at 8fps until the memory card is full.Things that are good:-ISO performance. This is a crop sensor camera. Which means the ISO performance isn't going to be as good as the 5D Mark II or the Nikon D3s. That being said, for a crop body it's good performance. I get clean images through 1600, usable a bit beyond 3200 (4000 is ok), usable at 6400 if the situation is right. I've never tried to take a serious picture at 12800 so I'm not sure how it would look. I've taken test shots and it isn't pretty, but I do think it could be used if you got lucky. I'm ok with this performance.Things that are not good:-There isn't anything about this camera that I don't really like. For a crop body camera it is the best option on the market. The Nikon D7000 is a cheaper camera and does have a few advantages over the 7D. It's a comparable camera but it isn't a better camera. And that's ok, because the D7000 wasn't meant to go up against the 7D. We'll have to see what the successor to the D300s can do.Bottom line:This is a fantastic camera that will serve you very well as long as you do not need a full frame camera. I do intend on going FF asap but for now this is a great step in the pro direction. And, this may be important to know, I will not sell this camera. When I get my FF rig, this camera will stay with me as an excellent second body.