I have had the camera for about 6 months and do not regret it a bit. That does not mean it is a perfect camera.  First of all here are the list of requirements I had when I was shopping for it.  #1) small  size #2) AA batteries #3) SD Card memory #4) 4MP or better  #5) $100-130 range #6) good battery life #7) no optical zoom #8) convenient and easy to use.  This camera hit on all cylinders and still does.  I know someone is going to say why no optical zoom???  Great question.  Start up time and shutter lag is much more pronounced with optical zoom. Also, the more reviews I read on cameras that were already above my price range the common phrase went something like "I XXXXXX and the lens won't work anymore XXXXX camera is dead" It seemed to be the fragile and weak point of the less expensive cameras. Optical zooms also increased my price range and battery drain.  When backpacking I do not want to pack more batteries. Would I have loved to have one of the credit card sized Exilim's with zoom and all?  Sure, they were too much money and besides this camera was going backpacking and all sorts of stuff it was likely to get beat up.  I wanted something solid and so far it is.  The things I discovered I like about this camera that I did not know before hand are #1) the software is the easiest and best I have ever encountered.  I did have some difficulty installing it.  One call to cust service and he walked me through the steps of how to shut down the conflicting application and install it and I have never had an issue yet.  I thought the simplicity and small size would be nice.  I underestimated how nice it is.  Because I can carry it anywhere and use it quickly and easily I take far more pictures.  My kids take far more pictures and they take great pictures.  My wife who could not use anything but a disposable point and shoot can use it.  If you have not figured it out, we like this camera.  Now a couple of things to balance out my review.  I bought the c310 Easyshare for my son.  In comparing photos I noticed a couple of things.  Some of my photos would be very contrasty and his would be more balanced and even.  I have read these cameras electronically boost color saturation and I think they went too far with it on my camera.  But still good pictures in most cases.  In low light I could not get it to take good pictures.  The flash reaches about 7-10 feet and then it was all black.  I found out if there was some light and I turned the flash off I would be able to get a picture and in some cases a good one.  I could not figure this out until I read that the ISO range is 100-400 with auto adjustment except in flash mode.  Then it locked at 140.  Problem solved.  Turn the camera on, push the flash control button 3 times to turn it off and it may take an OK picture. With the flash turned off atleast you have a chance. It still is not a good low light camera but most in this price range are not going to be.  That is a feature that costs more.  All in all, this camera is a keeper? YEP.  It will never be my only camera and it is not perfect, but for a small affordable camera that can go anywhere and be ready to use at a moment's notice it gets the job done.  It is not and never will be perfect nor will it be a professional photographers dream but it is mine and I like it.