Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 10.1 MP Digital Camera with 12x Wide Angle MEGA Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 3 inch LCD (Black)For all the good reasons given in other reviews this is a great camera for its purpose, really fabulous actually except for that crummy flash.The reason I would probably never buy a Panasonic camera again is the atrocious software. Ever time I have to start that accursed software I just lose heart and I just wonder why Panasonic is such a complete dud at creating the photo handling software. It's just a complete frustrating mess.The main purpose of the software seems to be to give you lots of warnings about not daring to touch any photos on the camera without using the software or you will not be able to access them again - you've lost them! That's true because I did in frustration move some photos in the usual drop and drag way and I lost access to the whole memory card and had to reformat - that's what they tell you so it's true.But who the heck are Panasonic and what past age are they living in to tell you that you cannot access any of your own digital property without using their mind-draining software. It's totally beyond me, yet noone in the reviews seems to mind???For example, you want to transfer the pictures taken since you last painfully started their software? Go jump, no such function, best you can do is try to remember what you transfered last time and then untick everything and then tick one by one the new photos. You want to tick the first in the series to be transfered and then the last, the usual "shift-click" - sorry it doesn't do that. Work your way through one by one click by click you sucker. You want to play their video? Yes it's great HD but their own formatAs for the people saying how great it was to upload to Youtube and Facebook I am stunned. How does that work - the Youtube uploaded has failed every time at the END of every upload I have tried to make. The format is not recognized by Youtube to be uploaded directly. The sizes are too big for Facebook. And the software warns you at every step that if you touch a file or change a name of anything in any movie folder then you will lose the lot. Is that what you want to risk of all your vids of your newborn child????This Panasonic crowd are locked into a prehistoric mindset of locking you into their formats and software, and woo will befall you if you attempt to use your normal IT skills to access and edit your own digital content, stills or videos. I find it appalling and as I said enough to almost certainly ensure I never buy another of their products.  I just hate every time I have to connect the camera to my computer.Just to round out the perspective I am putting here, I did say that I really love the actual camera it is quite remarkable. But not remarkable enough to overcome the frustration and fury of using their software.