To begin, I'd just like to say that I am very happy with this camera.  It's suits my needs as a beginning photographer very well -but it is by no means a 'pro-consumer camera.'  I believe that the camera is solidly constructed (even though it is a plastic body).  It feels very sturdy and well constructed.  An aluminum body like the P9 would obviously be more appealing, but I can't expect much more than high-grade plastic from a sub-300 dollar camera.I'd rate the feature set of the camera as its weakest attribute -keep in mind that i rated the features as 'good.'  This is clearly a point and shoot camera with enough options to produce excellent pictures in nearly every situation.  Keep in mind, to attain excellent pictures in difficult lighting conditions, you must learn the menus and how the features like Twilight mode.  The only features I would like to see on this camera is the ability to manually adjust the aperture and shutter speed.  I think the camera does an excellent job of automatically choosing, but the option of manually choosing would be nice.  Also, the 2x optical zoom is a little paltry... 3x optical zoom would be nice.  I guess I'd have to spend an extra $100 dollars for the P71 to get those features and 3Mp resolution.  Oh, and the lack of sound while recoding videos is a little annoying, but I think that shooting videos with digital camera's is rather gimmicky and useless.  This feature, or lack there of, means little to me.I felt the image quality was very good...excellent for 4x6 pictures and perhaps slightly larger, but you can always have a higher resolution:) I really am very please with the picture quality and I'm rather amazed at the clarity for such a low budget camera.The menus are very intuitive and I have only glowing praise for the user interface of the camera.  I felt all of the menus were well designed.  Please take the time to learn the menus...it might really help your picture quality.  Overall, an excellent user interface.Lastly, I felt without a doubt, that this camera was an excellent value.  It comes with everything you need to get started.  You can fit 30 pictures at the highest resolution (standard compression) on the bundled 16MB memory stick.  This may seem a little small, but it's equivalent to one roll of film (and of course reusable).  Also, I've seen prices for 128MB memory sticks for around $60-$70 so the prices are very comparable to SmartMedia and other types of camera memory.  I'm very please with the included recharable batteries and charger.  Sure it takes 13hrs to charge the batteries, but I still think it's an excellent value for the money.  There are no additional costs with this camera -unless you want a faster charger or more memory.  Oh, and the batteries last an exceptionally long time.  Mine haven't even come close to running out yet, so I don't know quantitatively how long they last, but I already pleased with the battery life.Overall, this a good buy for consumers looking for a point-and-shoot camera for 4x6 prints (and occasionally larger).  I think this also good for someone just beginning to learn photography because it does offer some primitive manual adjusts, like adjustment of the film speed, and of course all the benefits of digital photography.  Namely, instant feed-back of pictures and no film development costs.I'm pleased with this camera....a good buy.