[[ASIN:B004H8FNF8 Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-H70 16.1 MP Digital Still Camera with 10x Wide-Angle Optical Zoom G Lens and 3.0-inch LCD (Blue)In the 1980's I enjoyed photography as a hobby.  When my equipment wore out and my vision wasn't good any more I lost interest and gave it up.  About 12 years ago I received a hand me down digital camera from a family member who always has to have to best and latest of everything.  It was a nice little camera...simple to use; but with my poor vision it wasn't much fun; and I only used it on a rare occaision; but it wasn't for a hobby.Recently, I was looking for a new camera and, I compared several of the major brands that were priced under $200.00.  They sure have come a long way in technology.  I was able to narrow my search down to 3 camera's and spent much time weighing the pro's and con's of each. I carefully examined the cameras that were in the running for simplicity, quality, function, etc.  It was the large 3-inch screen that finally sold me on the DSC-H70; as well as, the extra features that allow just the right amount of creativity for me at this stage in life.WOW what a difference!  The Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-H70 is so easy to use.  You can actually see what you're taking a picture of and; I have not had any problem with glare or being unable to see what's in the screen when using it out-doors.  I'm still learning about all of the extra features; but it was so easy to set up, and I was able to try it out in no time.  The instructions could be a bit more thorough and perhaps include a comprehensive index.  But the on camera help is good for when you don't have your instruction booklet with you. It is a great camera for the price.  Plus their shade of Blue is my favorite color.Hooray! I don't have to squint or point and guess what's in the photos now.I do wish the camera came in a box-set with all of the accessorries.  If it does, I couldn't find it.The camera came with a corded strap, a transfer cable, a software disk, one battery and a battery charger.I was disapointed in the quality of the battery charger...flimsy plastic which looks and feels like it could easily break.  I can actually slightly squeeze the sides of the charger...it is not made of solid hard plastic like the ones I had seen before; and it does not have an charging adapter for travel use.  The charger did charge the battery without getting either hot.  Take note that it does not come with a memory card.  It does have enough internal memory for 3 photos.In conslusion, FOR THE PRICE IT'S A GREAT LITTLE CAMERA!  It's not just a point and shoot...it has some extra features that allow you to be creative. ie. self-portrait timer, manual operation mode , automatic mode option, plus many that I haven't played with yet.  The extended video option sounds like fun...I'm waiting for my memory card to arrive along with my hard shell camera case that has a memory foam lining so I can start enjoying my new Camera.