I really wanted to get this camera because of the dual view.  While this is a nice feature, it is not worth losing the quality of the picture.  Although you can get everyone's face in the shot, it is rarely centered.  The view screen on the front does not align exactly with the screen on the back, which is actually taking the picture.  So, most times, you get a bunch of extra background on one side (or another, if you over-correct) that you did not intend to be in the picture.  But, it is definitely better than not having the screen at all.  It just could have been aligned better by Samsung.If you have a young child, you may want to reconsider purchasing this camera.  I bought this camera to take pictures of my 19 month old son.  When taking a picture inside with the flash, his eyes are closed/ half closed in almost every picture.  I am very disappointed about this, as this is my main purpose for this camera!  You probably get one really nice picture for every 25-35 that you take.  When you turn the flash off, the picture is terrible.  Since a small child is a moving target, the picture comes out all blurry.  When outside, the pictures turn out fine.  So, it is just not a good camera if you plan on taking pictures of a child.  That being said, it is a decent camera for a teen/ young adult who would only be taking pictures of other teens/ young adults.The only other thing that I am disappointed with is the clarity of the picture.  I went from a 10 MP Canon to this 12 MP Samsung.  I thought that the picture would be better on the Samsung.  But, I don't believe it is.  I have not yet downloaded my pictures from the camera to the computer.  Unless the clarity changes from the camera screen to the computer screen, the pictures on my 10 MP Canon were noticeably better.  It was also much nicer for taking pictures of my son.  It broke, which is why I needed a new one.I do a lot of shopping online, so I know how helpful customer reviews can be to the online shopper trying to find the best item for the best price.  The price from Amazon was not the best.  But, it was the best price for the best service, I believe.  I did find this camera about $30 cheaper at Abe's of Maine.  However, the customer reviews on Abe's of Maine were pretty bad.  Not only do they supposedly call and pester you to buy more things, but some customers said that the shipping time could take up to a month.  I needed this camera for a vacation in Florida.  So, I spent a little extra for the Amazon service.  It was worth it to me to know that the camera would get here on time.  I did not listen to other customers who said a lot of the same things that I am saying.  I thought that the dual view was worth losing a little bit of clarity, which may have been true if I didn't have these issues taking pictures of my son.  It is not a terrible picture, just not as crisp as the pictures from my Canon.All in all, I probably would have loved this camera before I had my son.  Knowing that there are better cameras out there that would better suit my needs, I probably would not purchase this camera again.  Like I said previously, it is a good camera for teens/ young adults.  The only worthwhile reason to purchase this camera it the dual view.  If you want to take pictures of small children or if you want a crisper picture, go for a Canon.  There may be other brands out there that are also good.  But, I can only speak for what I have used.  I hope this helps someone!