Here is a short summary of my experience with the camera the last few days.  For starters, this camera has an enormous feature set.  For a relative beginner like myself I had to read the entire manual - carefully.  You can take it out of the box using the default settings and take fantastic pictures however I ran into a number of issues until I started reading.The camera battery charges in about 2 hours - which is great.  The battery was only lasting about 70 minutes at first but after asking someone why it was "clicking" all the time I found out it has a default setting of continuous auto-focus.  This keeps the image in the viewfinder sharp but is much harder on the battery.  I changed the setting to focus only when I press the shutter release halfway down and now get about 90 minutes battery life.I initially had a problem with the auto focus not locking on in low light.  After changing a couple settings it is much better.  Tonight I finally tried out the picture previews.  Looking through the viewfinder, I found a photo I took where I wasn't sure if the subject had closed their eye's or not.  They were standing a short distance away and on the small LCD I couldn't tell.  Once the picture was selected, I used the zoom feature and went in for a close up.  I could see, plain as day that it was a keeper.  Some people might not consider this a big deal however at a family reunion or similar special occasion you want to know if you need to get another while there's still a chance.  I will also point out that while I scrolled through the images and zoomed in (still in preview mode) they were very responsive.  I expected some lag while panning around but it was trivial.The Electronic View Finder seems kind of strange to me however I'm rapidly growing accustomed to it.  I've heard you can have trouble getting "action" shots with it due to the lag behind real life and it updating.  The delay seems to be about 1/20th of a second.  Since you can lock the focus for a distance you expect something to happen and select a program to compensate for your choice of a faster shutter speed, I haven't had a problem with sports.  I actually find it easier than an SLR.  I've never been able to manually rotate that stupid focus ring in time to catch anything.  This is similar - prefocus approximately where it's going to happen.  The auto focus takes about 1 second in well lit areas but might hunt if it's too dark, zoomed in too far or a combination of both / contrast.I've heard a few people complain that the eyelet on the right side jabs them in the palm when holding the camera.  I'm not sure where they grab it but I found that it fits perfectly in front of the webbing of my index and middle finger - doesn't touch.  Also on the left side there are a series of buttons on the lens housing.  I've never come close to bumping these.  It never occurred to me to hold it that way.  With my left hand I support the camera with my thumb and index finger from the bottom, centered under the lens.  To use the buttons I rotate my thumb up.The flash is centered well above the center of the lens.  I believe this contributes significantly to the near elimination of red-eye.  I don't think I've caught even a trace of it so far.  Also the red eye option from the flash menu actually lights up a white light on the camera positioned just below the shutter release and power switch.  This has also worked well and avoids the "strobe" effect of the flash prior to actually firing.  I always thought that was annoying.  My only complaint with the camera is that it doesn't have a factory option to use filters.  There are third party products to get around this, most notable is device that screws into the tripod bracket and has an adjustable arm that sticks out in front of the camera and will hold a filter in front of the lens.  I haven't purchased one yet, but plan to.  Before spending the kind of cash that this one is going to set you back, go to a local store and feel one in your hands.  I think it's a fantastic piece of engineering, built very solid with the largest feature set I've seen in a single camera (without cutting corners).  If you make a living  with your camera then I'm sure you will find it's missing some spinbobulator that just doesn't cut it in your case however it's a lot of fun to use and will satisfy the needs and growth of almost anyone that doesn't truely require the giant step up to a D-SLR.