I have read both positive a negative reviews about the 20D and there seems to be a theme among bad reviews that the user complains about poor picture quality, that their standard point and shoot produces better images and how they couldn't just pick the 20D up and create professional pictures.  Quit frankly I agree with these reviews to a certain extent but it is not the fault of the camera...it is the unrealistic expectations of the user that they are going to buy a high performance tool and suddenly become a professional photography without learning how to use it.  They want to simply push the shutter button and produce pictures they can sell.  Come on people...let's be realistic.  Expecting professional level photos just because you buy a high end camera is about as unrealistic as thinking you can play professional baseball because you purchase a Rawlings Gold Glove.I am by no means a professional, but I do like to take nice pictures.  I was the same as many people that were frustrated when I bought the 20D, broke it out of the box and hit the shutter to find out that my point and shoot appeared to take better pictures.  But rather than figuring I wasted my money on useless camera I did something many people refuse to do...I read the owners manual.  After taking a Saturday to read the manual from cover to cover, playing with the settings and learning a little bit about lenses, I tried the 20D again.  Understanding the settings, lightning requirements for various lenses and the functions of the camera I was able to make vast improvements with the pictures taken.  This time the pictures were clear and crisp, colors were strong and I was able to plug them into Photoshop and work with them to create some fun additions.  As I used my camera more, I learned how to use the various modes in different light settings, which allowed me to take pictures in virtually any environment.  Since one of the main complaints of many 20D reviews is its limitation in low light environments, I expected this to be a weakness of the camera.  This was not the case. What I found to be a bigger issue in regards to dark pictures is the lens.  If you are using cheap entry level lenses then yes, you are going to have more difficulty adjusting to lighting.  But if you use a good solid lens (it doesn't have to be an L Series) like a 50mm 1.8 or 1.4, then you can effectively shoot in just about any lighting.  From the reviews I read it seemed the reviewers were dinging the camera when really they were just too cheap to purchase to buy decent quality lens that would have provided them then balanced lighting, crisp images and clear colors they were seeking.  The proper lenses make a world of difference.  For those that don't believe me, go to your local photography rental company and rent an L Series lens for the weekend (should cost you about $25).  You'll be amazed by the results you get in your pictures.  Think of your camera like a car.  If you purchased a Porche, is it going to preform better with standard tires from Walmart or with racing tires?  Yes, you can put cheap tires on your car and it will roll around...but you will notice the true abilities of the car if you equip it properly.  Same thing with the 20D.  If you go cheap...you will get cheap pictures.  If you equip it properly then you will see a huge difference. If you have the money to purchase a $1000 camera, don't expect professional results by putting a $50 lens on it. Make sense?The biggest strength of the 20D is the sports photography that you can do with it.  The pictures are beautiful.  With a 5 frame per second shutter burst you can freeze a baseball as it hits the batter's bat.  I use a telephoto Canon lens that I got off Ebay for $300 to take sports pictures and the results are fantastic.  I have taken pictures at all levels of sports, from youth up to professional, with beautiful results.I have been using my 20D for about 6 months and the bottom line is practice, practice, practice.  Like any other tool, the more you use it, the better you will get with it.  Although I only take pictures as a hobby, after just 6 months of owning my camera I would be willing to put my pictures taken with my 20D up against some professional photographers that use more high end and more current models of cameras.  The pictures come out that clear and crisp.  If you are looking at being able to pick up the camera and use it like a "point-n-shoot" then the 20D may not be for you.  I like to tell people, "if you want to 'take' pictures then get a point and shoot.  If you want to 'make' pictures then the 20D will serve you well."