UPDATE: After owning this camera for over a month, I ended up returning it to my local electronics store. I tried using high-quality rechargeable batteries but it was still only giving me maybe 50 shots per charge which to me, is unacceptable. I do like to REVIEW my pictures after I take them but that shouldn't drain the battery THAT much. The final straw was yesterday when I tried to take pictures of my children opening their presents at our cousin's house. The battery was completely DEAD and it wouldn't even shut off properly- the lens was protruding. Luckily, the store let me exchange it without a restock fee. I traded it in for the SONY H20 which sports a 10x Optical Zoom, HD movie mode, and a lithium battery...watch for my review in the upcoming weeks. I will admit that it did have "great" image quality but what is the point of owning a portable digital camera if you have to constantly worry about the battery life? I didn't want to spend the next 2-5 yrs always having to carry 2x AAs with me wherever I went. Below is my original review:I have owned my share of digital cameras including a 3 MP Nikon Coolpix that I bought back in 2001 for way too much money. I also own a Pentax dSLR but everyone needs a "compact" camera. I am a big fan of Canon Powershots but after my recent trip to the US OPEN, was craving a slighly larger camera with much larger Zoom capability. I was debating between this one and the New Fuji 72EXR. One of my travel mates owns the SX110IS and raved about it and I loved the photo quality of her pictures so I was leaning towards the Canon. Plus, there's something about to be said about Canon "color"...Fuji color (I owned the Fuji F30), in general, is definitely "cooler". And I personally found the dials and menus on the New Fuji a tad too complicated. So on my recent trip to Best Buy, I picked up the Canon SX120IS after much deliberation. I can't say that I regret my purchase as the photo quality is amazing but there are definitely some drawbacks you need to be aware of.First, I found out during my daughter's Girls Scout ceremony, which was held in the gymnasium of her school, that the FLASH RECYCLE TIME can be very long...it took about 4-6 seconds  between photos. Granted, it was in the gymnasium but I wasn't expect it to take THAT long between Flash pictures. After all, it is a 2009 model right? I will post a picture later that is supposed to show them holding up signs to spell D-A-I-S-Y but instead shows them putting down the cards as I missed the shot. I read somewhere that the use of 2 "AA"s (vs lithium batteries) is what causes the longer flash recycle times. I do wish that it came with Lithium batteries which leads me to next criticism. Second, the batteries do not last nearly long enough. I got the camera on Wednesday and by Friday, it was flashing the Low battery sign. Granted, I had several events in between but my old Canon Powershot would have easily lasted another couple of weeks. Third, the battery case feels flimsy and unfortunately, the SD card slot is located next to the battery so I end up opening it more than I would like. I would plug it to my PC using an USB plug but again, it would drain the battery. Fourth, the strap it comes with is way too flimsy for the camera. It looks like the same strap they use on their tiny SD30 cameras. I ended up ordering a sturdier leather strap from Gordy's camera straps. So far, these are my four drawbacks with #1 and #2 being the major ones. I can live with complaints # 3 and #4.If you have read up to this point you might ask "Why are you keeping the camera then?" I am not 100% sure that I am. If I get too frustrated by the flash recycle times and poor battery life, I might just have to return it. But for now, I want to try to work within its limitations for two reasons: Great Image Quality and 10x Zoom. I don't "need" HD video (it would have been a nice bonus) or super-slim factor but I do require Great Image Quality and wanted the extra Zoom. As for the flash recycle times, in most cases, it's much faster than it was in the gymnasium. And I do have a battery charger + rechargeables I will dust off and try. I will update this review if I decide to either return it or have learned to LOVE IT despite its limitations. If you do buy this camera, definitely invest in a screen protector.