The Mavica CD-250 is a great little camera.  For the professional it is a complete solution.  For the amateur it falls just short of being a complete solution, due to the badly executed software that comes with it.Although I got this camera mere hours before leaving on a professional assignment, Day One I was fully productive. Despite the fact this is my first digital camera I learned how to make it do everything I wanted with hardly any tears or frustration. At the end of the day I was solidly sold on digital photography. (Good thing, considering the bucks I had invested!)I bought this camera to be a high-end point-and-shoot unit. The 2 MegaPixel resolution is perfectly adequate for any kind of snapshot photography.The CD-R drive was a feature I decided I HAD to have. CD-R discs are SO cheap they can be used as throw-aways. I could carry gigabytes worth of storage with me for a twenty-dollar investment. Their versatility and portability makes them vastly superior to the memory-chips other digital cameras use. And they are great as an archival storage medium -- much like having the negatives from a conventional photo shoot.One major advantage of shooting on CD-R discs is you can have several disks in use at one time, each one devoted to a different subject.  It's not like film where removing a partially-used roll and reloading it at a later date is tricky and risky.  Since you can 'Finalize' a CD-R many times you can store several 'shoots' on one disc.  Each time you 'Finalize' a disk you do waste some storage space, but CD-R's are so cheap it costs you pennies at most.  The convenience in helping to keep your shots organized is well worth the cost.A feature of the Mavica I have only just learned to use is the zoom/pan/scan ability of the camera's display screen.  Because you can zoom a stored image on the display, you can see any piece of your shot at high resolution.  This is extremely handy in making sure you've gotten a properly focused image, and that the detail you wanted was actually captured.  It's much, much more convenient than having a PC standing by so you can check your images on a high-pixel-count screen.I had posted an earlier version of this review that complained about the InfoLithium battery fully discharging in less than a week while the camera sat idle.  Whatever caused that problem has not recurred.  The battery DOES discharge slowly, as the manual says, but it has been losing only minutes of charge per week.  The manual does suggest removing the battery if you are going to store the camera for a while.  But if you are going to use the camera every week or three, this shouldn't be necessary.There may have been something I left turned on that flattened the battery faster than normal.  To date I have not figured out what that might have been.One concern remains -- the software that comes with the Mavica CD-250. As a digital photography newbie I find it incomprehensible. There is no manual. There are no on-screen prompts. Not even a 'Read Me' file. There are just a bunch of icons that offer no explanations as to what they are or what they do. A quick-start pamphlet would be a major improvement. But frankly, I'll go shopping for some better software rather than try to deal with a package that was so clearly an ill-designed afterthought.My advice. If you are looking for a point-and-shoot digital camera the Mavica CD-250 should be on your short list. It is a versatile camera made even better by the CD-R recording system.  The software is a throw-away, but then there are lots of excellent aftermarket software packages available at all levels of sophistication and pricing.  Your PC should not need any additional software to display, file or transmit your photos.  Shop for better aftermarket software at your convenience.Ed Bianchi