I'm shooting since 1985, when I bought my Yashica FXD. Eight months ago I donate it to my sister and I've bought a 137 MA Contax with a couple of Carl Zeiss + Yashica lenses. Two months later I bought an 159 MM Contax also. I love these cameras and the lenses. Thousands of shots most of them in diapositive film and some B/W. Then the digital era were dawn and everything start to look easy and cheap (except the hardware of course - in those days -). Three years ago I bought an Oly C5050Z bridge camera in which I found everything I wanted but for portraits and landscapes only, because as I've tried to capture a motorcycle racing (and Enduro) I've managed to take good shots, only when the racers stood still. Then came the E330 (which is the only new at all camera I have). Seven months ago I've bought a used E1 from E-bay. Good price and in good condition camera.The E1 of course hmm....Its lovely, its a tankmade and ...only 5mgpxls, someone would thought for today's standards. But who cares about the resolution. A4 prints from my Canon Pixma 4300 are excellent. Colors are vivid but not over saturated. Images are crisp and clear (specially in the eyes - portraits - and the water drops - landscapes and macros -).But there is one complain: ...the AF capability. I find the AF speed quite good, but someone must beware the vertical level of the focus. The solution is not to trust the first result of the focusing and to refocus again. Of course you can do this in stand still images and for moving subjects I use the prefocus method. But this is not a real problem for someone who is used to with the old manual SLRsHandling the camera is a pleasure, and I'm looking all around for an opportunity to aim through the bright viewfinder, to press the shutter, to hear the sound (like a gun's breechblock), to capture the moment, to steel a piece of time, to keep a person young for the next decades to come. I do love the feeling of this camera.Buttons and switches are in the right place and when someone get used with the camera, can operate her even in the dark immediately. The size of the buttons is small and the sense of pressing them is not so accurate, that means handling the camera with gloves (in cold weather) is a little bit difficult thing.The rear LCD is a little bit small (maybe tiny) for today's standards and also the shot takes a little time (I never counted it) to appear. At the first time it was annoying for me - getting used with the E 330 - but now I don't mind at all (I have my 19" LCD from my PC).The 14-45mm kit lens is good (Value/Money), but I think that my 55-200mm SIGMA is far better in quality and sharpness.Today I use the E1 with my old glass (Zeiss + Yashica) and I have no problem at all with the manual focus, because the viewfinder is bright and sharp focused images is a piece of cake - even in races - like the old days with my lovely Contaxes. I think that there is no need to extol the quality of the construction and the image clarity of Zeiss Lenses.For software I use the CS2 with the Genuine Fractals plug in, but Olympus Studio 2 is working grate too.Conclusion ?Great camera to handle, to shoot, to hear the shutter. I do love my E1, giving me inspiration to see things beyond the eye.Ohh!I forgot the C5050Z. Urban landscapes, people, trains, beaches. The body is rugged and the lens is terrific.The only thing I need is time to shoot.