I purchased a previous model of this camera, the DMC-TZ5K and returned it because the audio was so poor in movie mode and the low light performance was sub-par.  (Amazon handled the return no problem.)  The audio on the ZS3 is awesome and the low-light performance is improved.  I have been researching compact point and shoot cameras for a while now and eagerly awaited the arrival of this model.  Purists insist that video cameras are the only way to shoot decent video, but I find that hybrid P&S; cameras are less intimidating to subjects so people tend to behave more naturally than when I whip out a dedicated videocam.  Plus, it is easy to carry.  I compile a lot of movies on my Mac for east coast  friends and family to commemorate their visits to our California home and the ZS3 is easy to work with.  I can shoot (and archive) in AVCHD lite mode and  Imovie 09 (Mac) can import the video directly from the memory card, although it has to convert the footage to a different format it can edit.  The camera also shoots in JPEG mode for those whose editing software can't process AVCHD lite.  I was very happy with the quality of video I shot with my Sony subcompact, but the proprietary Sony memory card and incompatibility with Mac software without converting the footage on my PC (to retain the audio)  were deal killers when it came to upgrading the Sony with an HD video model.  The camera has a lot more features than I even care to understand, but I like the fact that you can switch to video mode with the touch of an easily accessible button.  MY MAIN COMPLAINT about the ZS3 is that it takes a few seconds for the movie mode to engage after pressing the record button, and I have had to learn to wait for the indicator on the LCD screen to tell me I am in record mode before shooting.  When I reviewed my footage the first few times I realized I hadn't been recording sometimes when I thought I was and was sometimes recording when I thought I wasn't.  Very frustrating.  The camera should be quicker to respond when switching modes.  The Lumix also has proprietary batteries, which is expensive.  I gave up trying to order an AC adaptor, since I couldn't find a vendor, including Panasonic's own website, where I could buy the expensive 2 piece (sold separately) adaptor.  Fortunately, since my Mac was able to read the memory card directly through IMovie 09 (NOT IMovie HD) I didn't have to worry about burning up battery power uploading the video from the camera itself.  The battery life is decent BUT BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN ORDERING EXTRA BATTERIES.  I ordered the wrong ones from Amazon the first time, because the description of what Panasonic cameras these NON-COMPATIBLE Panasonic batteries (DMW-BCF10) fit was misleading in the description.  I returned these two I ordered directly from Amazon with no problem, but had to get the correct ones from another vendor (but through Amazon) and pay a little shipping (I am a Prime member).  Unlike many of the reviewers I did get the correct battery the second time , but that company, inspiretech, does not seem to be selling these batteries through Amazon now.  The  CORRECT BATTERY, the DMW-BCG10PP, is now listed as available through Amazon by Vortex Cable.  Presumably Amazon switched vendors for better reliability.  Way to be responsive, Amazon!Pros:  Picture/video quality, audio quality, uses standard SD/SDHC memory cards, compatibility/ease of use with Mac, size, 12X zoom, size, decent battery life, two modes to shoot HD video, wide-angle Leica lens, facial recognition, image stabilizationCons:  Slow to switch from picture to movie mode, some accessories hard to find, proprietary battery