I recently bought this camera mainly because I was sick and tired of accidentally breaking more fragile point and shoots. As many reviews state, this camera is a tank but (IMHO) very well designed and visually appealing. The photos are good but not great for a camera in this price range. However, the way I look at it, you are paying for the durability and underwater capabilities over picture quality.The shooting options and settings are varied and flexible and the "scene" and "guide" modes are a great addition for newbies who either don't know how or don't wish to bother with manually changing the ISO, white balance etc. Also, this camera produces nice video both in and out of the water as well.Overall I am pleased with my purchase EXCEPT for the following facts which I feel that I need to point out and which really disappoint me about Olympus:1) When taking video in VGA mode at 30fps you are limited to only 10 seconds of recording time!! Well, that is unless you purchase one of Olympus's new xD Type M+ cards. In that case you can record up to the limit of the card but there is still a catch; the new xD Type M+ cards only go up to 2gb. This limits you to only 18 minutes of record time. Plus, even though this camera accepts 8gb microSDHC cards (with the included adapter), Olympus has decided that you can only record at that setting for longer than 10 seconds on their own, proprietary card. Also, even when shooting at lesser settings, Olympus caps your videos at 29 minutes REGARDLESS of the storage capacity of the medium. On top of all this is the fact that the documentation on the camera, though "technically" accurate, is very misleading on this point. Nowhere in the documentation does Olympus ever state 29 minutes is the maximum recording time. If you look at page 54 of the manual, it shows a 1GB card maxing out at 29 minutes, but doesn't show the limits of a 2GB or higher card...this leaves the average consumer to think that larger cards could record longer of course.2) Another feature that is disabled unless you are using one of Olympus's proprietary cards is the panoramic function. This is disabled when using a micro SD card for storage. Why would Olympus do this? IMO both of the above situations are just Olympus's way of pressuring the consumer to buy their memory cards. Overall this wouldn't be that big of issue (well, besides the whole shadyness of the tactic) but Olympus's cards are too small and too slow when compared with the newer generation of microSDHC cards that currently can hold up to 8gb and move data at up to 6mb per second. Plus, why not allow standard SDHC cards which can hold up to 32gb and can be MUCH faster? Heck, I wouldn't necessarily mind buying and using an xD card but Olympus really needs to up their storage capacity and speed in order to compete with SDHC and MicroSDHC instead of attempting to hold the consumer hostage by means of petty, unnecessary function limits.