Hello,Well, to cut short some of the remarks in those reviews, a few points:- The USB is not slow. Transferring a full 16Mo card to my computers (Windows XP/2000 or Mac OSX) takes less than 10 seconds. The slow USB problem is mostly due to computers running W98OSR2 (I don't have the exact reason, but the slow USB is not due to the camera).- Batteries: Olympus has the great idea to accept AA cells, adapted to rechargeable batteries (1.2V). You can buy two sets of nickel-metal batteries in any store for 20 bucks, with the charger. And even if you're in the middle of Continental India, you will find AA cells without problems, compared to lithium batteries. NiMh cells last longer than alkaline batteries, but make sure you always have a set of 4 batteries charged, especially if you use the LCD screen at all times. Now the good points of the camera:- a good optical system, with little deformation at wide angle, and a decent aperture. It can be used indoor without flash if the subject is static.- good flash exposure, and many capabilities (slow mode to keep the ambiance, red eyes reduction, flash off...).- Overall good light exposure. It is not op-perfect but the multi-zone measurement makes a good job in classic composition. For highly contrasted scenes, you can use the 'spot' measurement, which is maybe too wide to be really 'spot', but precise enough to expose one part of the picture perfectly.- Fast processing, probably due to a lot of RAM in the system. A full-size picture is processed in about a second.Bad points:- Noise of the zoom: it sounds awefull, but like most other digital cameras... The system that prevents the optical system to come out when the lens cap is on is a little weird, but proven efficient (I have that camera for more than 3 monts... Tested and approved)- Batteries run out quickly... BUY SOME RECHARGEABLE NI-MH. Those cameras are power hungry. The other solution is to wait 5 years, technology will be better and more power efficient!- Size? it's not a compact camera, and it won't fit in your shirt pocket. Price to pay for a decent lens, and a large LCD screen. In the other hand, it handles very well, and proves to be a very nice fit in your hand.- No sound in video mode: at that price point, I'm not really surprised. And to answer the question:"How much would it cost to olympus to add a microphone", I can answer: about 3 dollars (microphone+analog front end+D/A converter+processing power to encode sound!), and something more to add inside this already squeezed camera. If you want sound with the video, go to a better model - more expensive. The main purpose of a camera is... TO TAKE PICTURES!Overall rating: I like this camera, that provides good colors and very good exposure without hassle. A lot of manual features are available, very good for someone who knows how to use a regular film camera. At that price point...you will not get any better. The resolution is very good (3.3MPS) and detailled, indor photography is possible. If you need an even faster lens, check the C3030 (F1.8 constant), but you will pay a nice premium for the upgrade. The cameras are similar otherwise.