Let me first say that I've been a Canon fanboy and still am. However, they really fell down on this one. I have had many many Canon cameras. Almost a fetish really. Currently I have a 940IS, an SD4500, an S95 and a couple dSLRs. I don't expect a single camera to do everything well, which is why I have so many. Well, that and the aforementioned fetish.PROS:10X zoom lensSolid qualityNice screenPretty good video, even in low lightPretty decent pictures in low light, very good in good lightGood macrosGreat pictures with a flashDedicated video buttonEasy to reach, well positioned controlsCONS:Absolutely horrendous battery lifeslowww 10X zoom lenslittle big and heavyBattery door right next to tripod mountFocus huntingHard to use scroll wheelDid I mention the horrible battery life?If you've spent any time researching this camera, you know it performs pretty well, including picture and movie quality, especially in low light. Not fabulous, but pretty well considering the 3.4 aperture lens. In the right lighting this camera takes great pictures and if your subject is not moving much and you have a few seconds set-up time, you can take great pictures with the zoom. Let's face it, the zoom and the price is why you bought this camera, right? It's why I did.But now let's skip the accolades I covered in the PROS and get right to the dirty. The zoom is slow, plain and simple. If you can capture anything but a non-moving target when zoomed in, it will be because that target is cooperating and there are no time limitations. If you plan on trying to snap some pics of your daughter playing soccer or your dog having a ball in the park, forget it. You're going to be much better served with a super zoom or a dSLR. Canon tries here but fails in my opinion. The lens WILL however allow you to frame longer distance stills that you couldn't do without cropping.Movie performance is very good combined with the zoom. Just last night I filmed portions of my son's music concert in a dark auditorium. The movies came out great although the sound recording leaves something to be desired. You may want to buy a stand alone sound recorder and combine them using software on your computer for optimum quality. BUT, and here's the huge BUT (not butt), the battery life makes this a giant pain and is why I now plan on selling the camera. I got maybe 12-13 minutes of recording out of one fully charged battery. Then I had to remove my monopod from the tripod thread to replace the battery, rethread, power up and then get another maybe 12-14 minutes of video. I had to switch to my S95 to record the rest (30 mins) of the concert, which it did on a partially used battery and still had life left. I couldn't zoom in as much though. The battery life and the hassle of swapping in time sensitive situations is the HUGE deal breaker in my opinion.Why make a camera that is supposed to be able to take great pics in most situations, near and far, and do 1080p video (only 24fps by the way) only to severely hobble it with a very weak battery? Why!Just to quickly cover the rest of my CONS, which would not be deal breakers in and amongst themselves. The camera is pretty big for a compact, which it really has to be for the wide screen LCD and the big lens. I actually like the feel of it, especially ergonomically, but be aware that if you are looking for a cam to slip into your front pants pocket or tuck away in a purse, this may not be the right one for you. Especially when you figure in the charger and/or the 3-4 extra batteries you have to carry...  The scroll wheel is a little hard to get a grip on, especially with dry hands, which in the NE means about 8 months out of the year. This camera hunts a bit focusing, even in bright light when zoomed in. And I already mentioned the battery door right next to the tripod mount. Since you have to swap batteries often, you know what that means.SUMMARY:If you can accept the limitations of this camera, then it is a good deal. Especially after the price drops. But if you want a really compact cam, this isn't it. And if you do anything more than snap a few shots here and there and take a 2-3 minute video now and again, this camera will drive you bonkers trying to keep it fed with power. What could have really been a do all/be all camera fails hugely with the lack of a quality battery. Since they obviously weren't trying to make the most compact camera in their line, it is inexcusable. Sorry Canon, but I'm no fan of this one.Lastly, if you can forego the zoom and can pony up the extra cash, buy the S95 (skip the S100, it has issues). The quality and value in that little camera will astound you. As close to a dSLR picture in a mini-cam as you can get at the moment. Just terrific, especially in low light with its 2.0 aperture lens.