I am a long time Canon camera diehard, and my wife is a long time Sony camera user.Recently we wanted to upgrade to smaller, more capable cameras.  I purchased the Casio EX-Z1080 after reading favorable reviews online.  I purchased this for my wife, and she loved it after trying it out for a week.I really liked photos, movie mode, speedy photo performance, and decided to buy a second one for myself, in lieu of some of the Canon models I was seriously considering.Pros:  Small, long life battery, very simple and easy to use, great images, lots of features.Cons:  Not much, macro mode is not as good as the Canons I have used, but still adequate. Movies are only at 25 fps instead of standard 30 fps, but not a big deal in my eyes.So far we both love our Casios and look forward to enjoying it for a long time.EDIT:  I did a side to side comparison to a Canon SD800is, which I was debating about buying, and here are some thoughts about these two cameras:The Casio EX-Z1080 is far more intuitive and usable than the Canon from a UI perspective and physical ergonomics perspective.After playing with the SD800is for several hours, and reading every page of the Canon basic and advanced guide, I'm still confused on some features, and it's definitely a lot more complex to use than the Casio. I skimped over the Casio user guide and it's super intuitive to use.Here are the pros/cons of the two cameras in my opinion:Casio Pros (in relative order of importance):1. UI and ergonomics are super, even my wife who is not a technowhiz figured it in a few minutes.2. ability to easily change most settings very very quickly, which means more flexibility in taking shots3. large, clear LCD screen4. long battery life, one of the longest in its compact camera class5. 10.1 megapixels (doesn't really matter to me because I use 1600x1200 most of the time anyhow, or 2 megapixel resolution)6. sturdy metal case, solid feel, versus plastic case / more fragile feel of the SD800is.7. Visible battery meter shows status in 3 bars, so you can recharge well ahead of the weak battery status.Casio Cons1. digital image stabilization only (means increasing ISO to compensate for movement) - although most images are fine2. lack of optical viewfinder (I use this in bright light, and to conserve battery life if forced to)3. optical zoom only 3x, versus 3.8 on the SD800 ISCanon SD800is pros:1. Optical image stabilization - this is the best image stabilization method, versus digital Image Stabilization which is not really all that good2. wide angle lens - more area for indoor shots3. 3.8 optical zoom4. Optical viewfinder (at the expense of a much smaller LCD)Canon SD800is cons:1. UI and ergonomics are far worse than Casio (I spent 3 hours studying the manuals and still haven't figured half the stuff out like I did with the Casio, and I HATE the hard to push buttons on the back)2. battery life is not as good as Casio, and there's no battery status meter.  The weak battery icon pops up only when it's too late.3. Can only do date and time stamp on 1600x1200 images (I like to date and time stamp every shot so I know when it was taken)3. 7.1 mega pixels versus 10.1 megapixels on the Casio (not a big deal in my book)4. Feels bigger and fatter than the Casio (although they both have the same dimensions, the Casio just feels a lot slimmer, and better)5. plastic case. versus metal case of the Casio (the Casio feels very good to hold)6. much smaller LCD than the Casio7. shiny chrome parts are constantly smudged, and hard to keep cleanSo overall Casio is such a user friendly camera, that it really is optimal for the point and shoot crowd (most consumers).