As far as the body is concerned, the ergonomics of the camera are wonderful. I love to use the wheel instead of actual buttons, especially while using the manual mode. The camera fits very comfortably in your hand, as it should. I think that the camera has a good weight to it, its not too heavy to where its uncomfortable but its not so light that it doesn't really feel like a camera. Another note:YES THIS CAMERA IS THREADED SO YES YOU CAN ATTACH FILTERS TO IT. I had such a hard time trying to figure this out before I bought the camera because some sources said the camera couldn't take any filters and others said that it could. I found out myself that yes the camera does take 52 mm filters. I have had this camera for several months now and I thoroughly enjoy using it. The zoom lens work very well; they are quiet, fast, and they focus very nicely from wide angle to telephoto. I have only had one issue with the camera and that is with the close-up and macro photography modes. I do a lot of close-up/macro work so I was a little disappointed by the lack of magnetic power the lens have. The focusing is wonderful, you could literally touch the lens and still have your finger in focus, but it is not magnified to see the details. To me, macro/close up photography is about seeing the great detail in things that the human eye cannot perceive. While this camera keeps everything crisp and sharp it just didn't give me the versatility I desired with close-up photography. However, one set of lens cannot do it all so I don't really consider this too much of a fault. I just went ahead and bought macro filters and was happy again.  As far as night scenes are concerned, the longest shutter speed for this camera is 15 seconds. I have found that this is good enough to cover most generic nigh scenes. If you want a longer exposure or you do lots of night/low light photography then your better off getting another camera, probably an actual DSLR. The 3200 ISO on this camera isn't anything to be impressed with because the image quality is pretty bad. The ISO 1600 image quality is OKAY. I would say 800 and below are pretty good. Because this isn't a true DSLR camera don't expect DSlR image quality. The quality of the images are very atractive, but for the best quality possible you're going to have to put more money into a better camera.  From my several month's of experience with this camera I can honestly say I love it. It fulfills my needs very well, it's reliable, and its durable. The battery life is wonderful. If you are looking for a great camera at a great value then you can just stop right here. However, if you are looking for pristine, professional studio quality images then you will want to get an actual SLR.  I will be uploading photos that are unedited with no filters so that other's can see the image quality while the camera is at the full zoom and when it is not.