Ok, so I'm tired of people bashing things they buy because they're too lazy or stupid to figure it out or do it the right way. I don't care what people say, this camera is amazing! I got it out of the box, fully charged the battery before ever turning it on and in the mean time, I went online and downloaded the firmware update. Granted, I understand that people might not have an SD slot on their computer, but most newer HPs or iMacs and a lot of laptops have an SD slot standard, so it becomes easier every day to get that kind of thing resolved. (I have a 3 year old HP and new iMac, so I can't complain about this issue.) If you don't have this on your computer, you can always find someone that does.After I fully charged the camera, I checked what firmware it came with FOLLOWING THE DIRECTIONS ON THE KODAK WEBSITE, which is listed on a paper that came with the camera. I noticed the screen being a bit slow and non responsive, so I was hoping the firmware update would fix that, and boy did it ever! It takes a bit to update everything and you have to do it in a few different steps, but if you read and follow the site's directions and are a bit computer savvy, this is not a problem whatsoever, and totally worth the wait. BTW, don't forget to format the Micro SD card in the camera before saving the update on it, since it needs to be done for the camera to recognize it and this process will delete everything on the card.After everything was installed and updated I powered the camera back on and I can only say that it was worth the wait and the camera is worth every penny i paid for it. It takes awesome pictures and the screen is almost as responsive as my iPhone 4!!! There is a bit of a lag between taking pictures since it will show you the picture you just took, but a light tap on the button to take pictures with brings you right back to the camera view. If you use the red eye reduction option, there is a bit of a delay between what you see and what you shoot, which can be difficult if you have small kids like me or kids in sports and such. I just turn that option off and do the automatic flash and I can always touch up pictures on the computer if it is too bad.The LCD display is a bit grainy in low light, but the pictures come out great and the flash does what it is supposed to do. The camera takes great pictures in auto mode and adjusts accordingly. There is also an option to change everything manually, but I probably won't mess with it unless I have plenty of time or I want to be really creative.About the internal memory; the camera's documentation and description clearly states that the internal memory only stores a thumbnail of your pictures, not a full version and that a micro SD card has to be installed. Again, if you don't read anything, you have no reason to complain. You can buy a good 4 gig card on Amazon for like 5 bucks nowadays, so please don't complain. That is an amazing price, since they were $40 a little over a year ago. Just make sure it comes with an adapter if you want to plug it directly into your computer.This camera has some awesome options, mainly the share button and you can tag people and upload directly to facebook or wherever you want to send pictures to, just check it on the screen and everything gets done for you. The camera does however not have some gadgets that other cameras have, like that black and white picture option with a splash of color like some Canons have, but oh well, that will only be part of that creative mood that comes out once in a while and there is computer software for that.Over all this camera is awesome and I highly recommend it if you don't like buttons and a good camera. Check store websites often since this camera is being offered at 199 a lot, and that's a really good price for what you get.I hope this review helps and convinces you to go ahead and get this camera.