I just got back from a two-week trip in Europe with my new Sony DSC-HX100V Camera and wanted to add my feedback to help others and thank everyone who helped me choose this camera. In summary, this is a fantastic camera and was a pleasure to use. It is a large step up from my older version from Sony. I took more than 4,000 photographs in two weeks. and put the camera through about every test that it could have.In more detail, here are the key aspects and my two cents on them.Overall Camera Performance: This camera is a work horse and had many features that made it a dream to work with and a couple that are major issues in my opinion (which I will cover later). I used the Superior Auto automatic feature almost exclusively with the hand dial located near the shutter release I quickly tweaked the EV levels when necessary. It also does this for you automatically by taking three bracketed photographs. I chose to have the instant control which worked very well for me. The battery life was very good. I had three batteries which lasted longer than I anticipated. I would charge them daily which more than met my needs. Only once did I run out of batteries and used my new Sony DSC-H70 at that time. I actually switched between cameras depending if I needed a really wide angle or wanted to be less obvious.Picture Quality: Picture quality was outstanding even at the longer focus distances. What an incredible range of framing options with the 30x Zoom. In many cases, since I was shooting at the highest 16M size I simply made minor edits in the camera after the shot. I was totally amazed at the picture quality at all ranges day and night. Even though I took a monopod, I never used it. All photographs were either hand held or I found a natural tripod at night to add some minor stability. I was more than impressed with the picture quality and so were the people I was traveling with.Ease of Use: This is a very easy camera to use. Most things are well placed and there are great features. It is lightweight, very user-friendly and was a joy to use. The weight is well distributed and makes it an easy camera to keep with you at all times. I just enjoyed using this camera and it just got easier.Two Major Flaws: Again, this is my opinion, but I found two flaws in the camera design that impacted my work with the camera. First and most important, this camera will allow you to delete an entire days worth of photographs without asking you if you are sure you want to do this. Click and they are gone! Paris at night...gone. I went back out until 5:00 a.m. to re-shoot. Before the trip, my son deleted some photographs and I was furious - not at him but that it could have happened. And then I did it. I was tired and looking at photographs and deleting some and then a day's worth were gone. This is a huge flaw and I would by no means let it stop you from getting the camera. I ended up manually protecting all of my photographs before I would look at them. Just be careful. Second, is that I kept turning on the movie function which is a small button located in the wrong place for me apparently! I missed a few shots stopping the movie.Very Highly Recommended: I would highly recommend this camera. This trip and this camera were both dreams come true for me. Watch the delete button and you should be very happy. I have added some photographs to the page to show the level of detail and performance in some of the most challenging shots.Two Months Later: I am very happy with this camera. I had some 11x14 prints made and they are amazing quality. I will try larger soon. I did notice some purple showing up in small details with extremely bright sunlight but it is very rare.