I saw a TV commercial for this camera and I thought I'd see reviews on amazon.com for the product. Last week I purchased a panasonic ZS3 and I am waiting to have it on my hands.This is not exactly a review, so I apologize about that, but after reading a bit about this camera, it seems that it's just "ok" and has normal functions for it's price. the new tech it has, the dual screen is great, I can think of a couple situations where it might had come in handy compared to my sony cameras.I do suggest for anyone to try get information on this camera before buying it. I've been let down by newer sony's models as they don't take amazing pictures as I'd would like to (and as I was used with an old P200 from sony)I also suggest reading V.Bank's review. his review seems to be honest and makes me believe all he is saying is the truth. There is another review that doesn't seem to be a user review, but a fan, or almost as someone who works for samsung. Mary Shelton seems to know too much about the camera, even though "she" says she doesn't know much about them. the link she gives for the review, is called "seagadget". I did some review and this site belongs to samsung electronics America inc (SEA). So it's not a review, it's a product in-depth description. if you go to the site, take note that they only review samsung "gadgets"When I mentioned Mary as a "she", I said that because "she" seems to have other identities. She just copies and pastes her review, did it on the samsung TL220, but with another nickname (Giles Shelton "EtherMagic" (Chicago)) --- Why use another nickname and do the exact same review?. Then I wanted to search about the camera at dpreview, and found his exact same review, but signed as "Paul". there are a few days apart from each "review" but he or she always say "I went to best buy yesterday". someone defending so much a product that you don't actually have is not a good reviewer. I wouldn't dare to review my ZS3 even though I have also toyed and research a lot about it. I would even wait for a couple of weeks to make a good review.Anyway, I can compare a bit the samsung with the panasonic Zs3 which have the same msrp:megapixels: samsung has 12 vs pannys 10. If you are going to print out posters then samsung is a winneroptical zoom: panasonic wins all the way with 12X vs. 4.6X . That's more than doublewide angle: both are wide enough, BUT panasonic has 25mm vs samsung's 27mm. (smaller is better, gets more of the scene into your picture)The other specifications are similar, so I won't go into details. mini SD? who cares? I've owned sony with memory sticks and never had a problem to transfer them to a PC or to my laptop. Paul, Mary or Giles (whatever his name is) is right, it comes with an adapter so you will have a regular sized SD. Afraid to get it lost? Be extra carefulGo to best buy and try the samsung, try the panasonic, try whatever brand you like. At the end, the most important thing about a point and shoot is that you get excellent results from your shots, daylight, low light conditions, etc. All of the rest fails and is worthless if your pictures don't come clean.you can find REAL reviews of REAL people here at amazon and everywhere else, make sure to read them and discard what looks fake.