I purchased this camera to use for close-range stuff in clubs, bars, street photography and while having fun (pictures of friends, family, etc.) I wanted a simple point-and-shoot, something with decent specs (wanted at least 3MP) and *especially* something with a form factor as small as possible.The unit fits into my pocket unnoticed...especially in comparison with most other digicams out there with similar specs. The unit starts up fast (uner 2 secs...nice!) and is fast in taking pics and saving them (don't have a high-speed SD card, oh well...) Focusing I wish was instantaneous, but it is way faster than my Dad's old digicam ever was. It takes maybe 2 - 3 seconds on average, sometimes less. Annyoing, but probably endemic with all digicams in the ballpark range.The image quality of this unit is super-nice. Color is pure, natural and "living." Detail is high. The superfine JPEG mode is very nice. I wish it had a "raw" option (it may, I don't know how to get it to do that if so), but I don't think it does. Superfine JPEG clocks in at about 2MB per 4MP picture. Not bad, a decent trade-off.Once you get down into Fine territory, you start to see ever-so-slight fuzziness and jpeg compression artifacts. I am the type of person who appreciates HD video-type signals, and like to see the blackhead on the nose of the guy across the bar. So, take this minor gripe for what it's worth.The other "negatives" about this unit are no optical viewfinder (you use the review screen to frame shots...believe me, NO big deal AT ALL...preferable for me) and no optical zoom. The optical zoom thing I am of two minds about: on one hand, I have had the *occasional* use for clear zoom. On the other hand, if it means adding even a millimeter to this unit, FORGET about it. So, at the end of the day, it's fine by me.The images are detailed and sharp. As long as you can keep your hands reasonably still, you will get insane detail to images. Slight softness in high-contrast, distanced situations (such as dark text against a light backgrond on a candy bag on the far end of your shopping cart, for example) exists, but I am splitting hairs.The DiGIC chip is awesome...images come out consistenly well-balanced (hump in the middle of the graph) and there are plenty of options for displaying image info as they are shot. Also, there are plenty of manual controls, good white balance, etc. WAAAAY more than a user like myself (I understand these things on a surface level, but mostly just want everything done for me...I like point-and-shoot for my applications).All told, I am very impressed with this unit. It also looks really cool, to boot (I have the silver, and the circular, shiny brushing/grooves on the front look great in club/bar lights or anywhere else...very attractive). Body is metal housing, have had no problems with it. I notice that there are slight dimples if I turn the unit sideways in the light, they were there from the beginning. No biggie, can't see them straight-on.If you are looking for a light, compact, purse and especially *pocket*-sized unit, I can think of no better than this one. Surprisingly I was able to get it new in West Hollywood, CA. for a significantly lower price than listed here.The great thing about this unit is the value factor:a.) good priceb.) you don't have to pay for processing and you can take way more pics with freedom, freeing you to experiment and snap more casual/unposed stuff since there is no extra outlay financiallyandc.) you capture irreplaceable moments in high-detail that easily justify the cost of the unit