This is CMOS, in no way to compete with CCD even in the cheaper point and shoot category. It may be better CMOS as Sony claims, but there will be grains at low light conditions.  And you don't even have a flash light.  In normal operating conditions and lighting, I have no complain.As the name suggest, it is really for people who blog all the time and share their pictures and short clips.  It has 3D and a little more convenient than a good camera phone, which would cost you two bloggies if you lost it.The max video resolution is full HD at 1080p.  This is necessary (to find viewers) to share your video's on youtube, through 3D TV's.  My $600 3DTV looks quite impressive.  Previously you won't notice the sand on the foreground on the beach, but now it's interesting and on your face.  Really you got to have a 3DTV or a 3D monitor, or going to get one soon, otherwise there's no point to it.The LCD screen is much poorer than a high resolution smart phone in 2D (it cost a fraction too).  In 3D it's only purpose is to give you a better idea what you are shooting.  My kids always switch to 2D mode, worrying that the picture taken will be as bad as the screen!  The Nintendo 3DS is better.The maximum 5MP is only available when in 2D mode and in conventional "square" mode.  In 3D mode and in wide screen mode you have less resolution.  So resolution wise, it's not even comparable to cheaper cameras.  But since we mostly watch videos and pictures on the HDTV, it's not a problem.I'm used to downgrading quality in exchange for price and features.  I remember my first analog camcorder can shoot under candle lights with beautiful videos.  It was expensive.  When I changed to DV camorders, they shrink the lens and the quality isn't that good.  My last point and shoot has better lens and higher resolution than this.  But my daughter lost it.  We are used to taking shaking video and pictures with the phone so we know we will be satisfied with the bloggie.  It's perfect for touring and family pictures.  Looking back, it's not the resolution, color, fidelity that counts, it's what's in the pictures.  Though when I have thousands to spend I will get a better one that's easy to carry.The distance between the two lens is less than the eyes.  This is not lesser 3D. The 3D video and pictures look natural.  My first estimate is that for shorter lens distance, the 3D effect is "more" for nearer objects.  It's not a problem as a normal picture has objects in all distances.  Actually it's a good feature for close up objects, as eye-distance 3D lens have trouble shooting them.When you have two lens, they have to be matched.  So it's understandable that once calibrated in factory, it's expensive to let them move, and even let them zoom digitally.  It's no point to zoom digitally if you have and know how to use an editor, thought it takes time to recode the picture.Once you are used to smart phones and the cams on it, it's a step backwards to use the buttons on the Bloggie.  But you can get use to it.The integrated USB connector is a nice touch.  You can charge, upload anywhere with a USB connector.  You will never forget the wire.  Also, you can just plug it in your TV or Bluray player to be used as a USB drive.The Bloggie use two file types that is not universal - .MPO for 3D pictures and .THM for thumnails of videos.  So your best bet is to use the included Windows software to import (upload) your videos and pictures.  In Linux, you need to batch change these extensions to .jpg in order to upload them standard packages.  MPO is an extra jpg image on a jpg file.  THM has no difference from jpg, just small.The 3D video format is mp4, half side-by-side, compatible with almost all latest 3DTV's.  Few 3DTV's will understand MPO pictures.  To display 3D pictures, I have to convert the pictures to top-bottom (better than side-by-side for passive 3DTV's), and read them via the USB port of the blu-ray player, and set the TV to 3D video mode.  I don't know if the bundled software have something for this.  Though every MPO pictures comes with a separate 2D picture, which is just a copy of the left image.