I bought this about two months ago and have been figuring it out ever since.  I haven't seriously handled an SLR since the late 80s/early 90s when I had a Minolta Maxxum.  Real life and raising a family made me put my passion for photography on the back burner.It's my passion, so I knew I wanted to get into it again, but the prices of the cameras were astronomical for me until I saw this camera. OMG.Okay, so my old Ricoh (70s) and the Minolta were fine cameras.  But they didn't require a degree to figure out all of the controls.  I'm a pretty quick study, so I had them up and going in no time. The only thing that kept me from doing more was, of course, the price of film.  Now that film is not in the equation, I'm shooting rolls and rolls and loving it. Each shot teaches me a little more and I'm getting better and better.This little camera is the bomb.  I purchased this and the Tamron AF 70-300mm f/4.0-5.6 Di LD Macro Zoom Lens for Pentax Digital SLR Cameras (it was cheaper separately at the time I purchased them rather than the bundle), and I haven't regretted it even for a microsecond.  While the controls on this (and every DSLR) are a little daunting, I have managed to crank out some photos that amaze me.  I've Photoshopped a few choice ones and they are, in a word, stunning.The two things I'm loving most about this camera are the low-light and the macro features.  I've been able to take awesome shots in places that are poorly but beautifully lit (hey! this is Vegas!).  I've gotten **this close** to bees and flowers and taken gorgeous shots.  I can't believe the quality.The cons are that for some reason, it is reluctant to focus in low-light situations when the LV is running.  And I haven't upgraded the firmware.  One day.  The other con is that although I've used the video function a couple of times ... it leaves a little to be desired.  Of course, my *real* video camera is a Canon DV, and gives almost broadcast-quality footage.  This has a little ways to go to equal that camera, but it's okay in a pinch.  The video feature also sucks battery power big time.So purchase it for the stills, not for the video.This camera is a treasure, and I'm so glad that the quality and price have been able to resurrect my photography passion without killing my budget. You absolutely cannot go wrong with this camera.  By the way, I purchased black because I think the colors are, well, *hokey.*Update 10/2010I'm updating this review because I want to let folks know that it's still the most amazing camera I've ever owned.  Disclosure:  New iMac with Photoshop.  Therefore, decided advantage.This little camera continues to amaze me.  I figured out (by reading the manual) how to do HDR photos, and the rest is history.  My photos are posted on my employer's intranet, and I get compliments every day.  It's lightweight, easy to use, and a wonderful possession.  I gave this five stars when I'd only had it a couple of months, and several months later, I wish I could give it ten.  It doesn't have the controls and screens that you'll see on the higher end Nikons and Canons, but the photos are the final story.  And mine are fabulous. And I still love the camera.