I currently have a Nikon D90, Canon G9,& Nikon S610.  In the past, I've had two Minolta SLRs, a Canon XT, and a Panasonic lumix. I Got this camera mainly for the HD video and awesome zoom for an Alaskan cruise. I actually forgot how great the Panasonic Lumix cameras are.  I gave mine to a friend years ago and I forgot how great it was.  I was particularly impressed by the quality of a video with she took with it and thought seriously about getting this one.  Then I read many positive reviews and that was it!I love:  the video quality is great, even when played on large TVs...it doesn't lose sharpness or appear grainy.  I usually make DVDs with my pics and videos, and noticed that with the Canon and S610, I lose quality and sharpness especially when it's played on big screen TVs.  The audio is also great - I picked up thunderous sounds when the glaciers were calving.LENS & SCENE MODES:  The Leica lens is another reason I got this camera.  One day I hope to own my own Leica, but until then, I am totally satisfied with this Panasonic.  My Nikon D90 takes beautiful pictures, but when I thumbed through the pics, I couldn't tell which were taken with that one or with the Panasonic.  That really impressed me.I also like that I can preset different modes such as sunset, snow, etc. without having to navigate through the menus.  It made things super fast and easy to get the shots.  There are many scene modes to choose from which is both positive and negative.  I haven't had time to really play around and compare shots taken in the normal automatic mode, and one taken in a specific scene mode.CONTROLS:  Overall, the buttons and dial are easy to use and make adjustments quick. I like that most things are controlled on the outside body of the camera.  This means you don't need to fool around with menus to look for what you want.FLASH:  I also appreciate that this camera gives you many flash options.  There are times when you want to force flash or times when you can't shoot with flash.  This camera gives 5 options - auto, no flash, force flash, red eye, slow sync/red eye.SIZE & WEIGHT:  This is a mid-sized camera that is still small enough to carry around daily.  It isn't the lightest or smallest camera, but this to me is an advantage.  It's often hard to avoid camera shake and blurry pics with smaller, lighter cameras, especially when you ask others to take pics for you. I like how it feels in your hands - its not to small that your fingers block the lens, flash, or microphone.BATTERY:  I like the rechargeable battery vs using AA's.  The battery lasted quite a few days before it needed to be recharged.  I was going to buy a back up, but since I've been using it, I know there is no need.What I didn't like:  Others have mentioned noise when zooming in video mode.  The amount of noise varies, sometimes, when you slowly zoom in, it's not too loud.  However, at other times, it really is loud.  Luckily, I usually put music over my videos so it's not an issue.No view finder.  The LCD screen is great and large.  But sometimes, in sunny conditions, it's hard to see exactly what you're getting.  So to have the option of a view finder would be great.Limited video time:  I believe that you can only film for 8 min 20 sec.  I don't know if this varies with the size of your SD card.  Right now, I have an 8 GB card in.I was thoroughly impressed by this camera that made the "negatives" so minor. You won't be disappointed.