***update*** I changed my rating on this camera because I bought the canon powershot sx210IS, and it has the exact same issue as the fuji! so I'm giving the fuji 3 stars now instead of 2, because it is an ok camera, and maybe the "foggy" details is a common problem in superzoom cameras. too bad, it could have been great. still, though, this fuji could use some improvements, such as with the manual setting options and the monster size battery charger...note: I am very happy with my canon sx210is, even if it has the same image detail issue. other than that, it is way better than the fuji.ok, here is the original review I wrote:I wanted to upgrade from my Canon SD600, which has been a GREAT camera, but lacked image stabilization. I heard there were some compact cameras with 10x zoom, so I was intruiged.I took sample photos with my old canon and new fujifilm. I didn't spend too long, maybe 2 hours shooting and comparing. however, there were some things that helped me determine nearly right away that this is not the camera for me. I found one (big)pro and several cons, and then decided to stop wasting my time:1. pro: the 10x zoom is awesome! I got an amazing amount of detail, even when I blew it up on my computer. these were outdoor shots so the lighting condition was ideal.2. con: manual mode: on the canon, I could choose the lowest ISO (which is 80) and then the camera would automatically set the proper f-stop and shutter speed (a low ISO is good because you'll get the least amount of noise possible). the fujifilm did not do that. once I put it on the lowest ISO (only 100), it was up to ME to determine the f-stop and shutter speed. BOO. I don't have THAT much time to fool around with settings. once I figured out the proper shutter speed, the image was mediocre.3. con: image stabilization (part 1): if I do need a slow shutter speed (so I don't have to use a high ISO or flash), then I want image stabilization to be my friend. the I.S. on this camera is consistently disappointing. my canon, without I.S. takes consistently better images than this fujifilm.3. con: image stabilization (part 2): even when the camera was on auto mode, with decent amount of light, I still got some shaky looking photos. the fujifilm uses a kind of I.S. that is in the sensor, rather than in the lens (the lens kind is more common, it seems). I read that the lens kind of I.S. is better. I took my chances anyway and was not happy with the results.4. con: image details: I shot test photos on auto mode in my living room. on my computer, I zoomed in on one particular painting on my wall and compared the canon and fujifilm photos side by side. the details of the painting were much sharper on the canon every time-- with or without flash.5. small pro: this camera is in fact small, only just a tiny bit bigger than my canon.6. small con: the battery charger is enormous, and has a big bulky cord. not good for travel. it's a small complaint but it bugs me.I'm going to return this camera and keep hunting. maybe I'll have to give up the idea of having a 10x zoom but that's fine by me, as my main priority is good, clear, low light pictures. I'm probably going back to canon, as the SD600 was pretty great, so maybe a newer version of that (with image stabilization) will be just what I need!