I recently got this camera (yes i know, the S95 just came out) and I've loved using it.The S90 is a point and shoot camera,but not necessarily compact. It's about an inch thick and an inch and a half including the control ring. The controls feel good with the exception of the shutter button. The control ring can easily get confused for the shutter button when you're not paying attention. It only has a 3.8X zoom, but the large f/2 aperture is worth it. I've taken several low light photos at isos of 80-400. Noise isnt much of a problem until iso 800. after 800, it starts getting noisy...fast. The priority modes are a nice addition to this camera as well as the custom, program, and manual modes. The auto mode will do a good job on its own, but the camera really shines when put in manual.The picture quality is excellent. Zoomed in at 100% there is little chromatic abberation and only some purple fringing, but it wont detract from the photo too much. It has less chromatic abberation than average (most P&S; cameras ive seen have it to some extent so don't get too uptight about it). The RAW capabilities are pretty nice, but there is a great amount of barrel distortion when shot in RAW mode. The camera does a really good job of correcting it when converted to JPEG though.This is the low light king of the P&S; jungle. Sony and Casio have CMOS sensors with a mode to take several pictures at different exposures at a high speed. Not needed with the s90. The day I got it I tried using it in a dark parking lot at night in front of a few shops. I was able to see everything in the picture with the f/2 lens at iso 80 and 1/5 shutter speed. It takes some time to play with the settings and figure out what works.Blur from hand shake isnt that bad due to the IS on this camera.It takes some time to get used to the plethora of controls and settings. This camera isn't for novice users. If you're looking for a great point and shoot and aren't technically inclined, then search for another camera. As i said before, this camera does a decent job in auto mode, but it really shines in manual. The auto mode sometimes selects settings that may undersaturate the pictures.Colors are for the most part accurate, but greens tend to be somewhat bright and reds and blues are very strong. Yellows tend to shift toward to green but its not that bad.The camera operates at an average speed, with some shutter lag and as long as you prefocus, it shouldn't be that bad.Overall, this is a great point and shoot with great low light abilities. It produces better pictures than any other point and shoot I've seen and its large sensor only adds to the experience. With decent noise handling up to iso 800, which i havent seen on any other point and shoot, it will give you a sharp image in any light.