Notice in the title I call this a "compact camera" not a point and shoot. While you can use this as a point and shot camera in auto mode, this camera is far more. It features a larger imaging sensor than most point and shots.  Actually the same as the Canon G11 series. It also features Canon's Digic 4 processor, their latest and greatest. It has far more control options and adjustments you can make. On the front of the camera, the lens sticks out about a quarter of an inch (even when closed). Where it sticks out is a control ring that you can set to do different things, such as zoom the lens, change the ISO, exposure compensation, etc. One thing you might notice is you don't see a flash on the front. The S90 has a flash that pops up when needed. Works pretty well as long as your subject isn't farther than about 12 feet (normal for this size camera). A mode dial on the top lets you chose between manual mode, a few auto modes, scene modes, and a custom mode (you define the settings). The S90 features a large 3" LCD on the back that is very bright. I work well in sunlight, a good thing since it doesn't doesn't have an opticl viewfinder. The viewfinders are going to be a thing of the past for these size camera.One thing the S90 has that almost no point and shoot has is the ability to shoot RAW. This means that it saves the data from the sensor directly to the memory card without the camera processing it. When an image is processed, some data is "destroyed". The cameras sensor has a wider range than the PC or print can display. When processed, the camera decides which data to keep (and Canon's Digic chip is very good at this). However there are some situations that fool the camera and don't give you the best picture. If you shoot RAW, you get to make the decision when you process it in your computer. You will need software that can handle Canon RAW files (Lightroom, Photoshop, etc). The good news is that Canon includes their DPP (Digital Photo Pro) software. This software is very, very good. I like to shoot RAW & Jpeg (the camera saves both to the memory card at the same time). I use the Jpeg pictures unless I have one that doesn't look so good, then I use DPP to process the RAW file. I can then uually get a better image.For more technical details go to [...] and look up the S90.The bad things...There are a couple of problems with the S90:1. One is it can be a little slippery if you're holding it with one hand. Very easy to drop. However, a company named Lensmate sells an add on grip that does not really add to the size of the camera and really  makes it easy to hold. It's a little pricey ($32.00) but it's machined out of aluminum, is light, and looks like it's part of the camera.  If you buy this camera, buy this grip.2. There's a second control ring on the back and it's very easy to accidentally move it and change a camera setting as it sits right under your thumb. Lensmate sells a little Delron ring (about $5.00) that goes around it and keeps your thumb just off of the control ring. Push down and you can rotate the ring to change settings. Anoither good thing to have.The best things:1. The picture quality is fantastic for this size camera. I've made 13x19 prints and they are great!2. It's size. Since you can carry it in a pocket, it can go everywhere.Bottom line... I sold my G11. The S90 is every bit as good for me and a lot smaller.