1) GENERAL THOUGHTS about Canon old SLR cameras and "CANON SX 120 IS" digital cameraSince 1973, when I bought my first Canon 814 super 8 movie camera, I have always been loyal to the brand and I currently have two super 8 cameras (Canon 1040 silent and 1014 XLS sound) that I'm saving for some savvy collector who would like to buy them, plus several SLR: a New F1 with AE finder, two A1 with winders and one outstanding T90, with a set of FD Canon lenses ranging from an outstanding 20 mm f2.8 to an excellent 85 mm f1.8, including a rare FD 50 mm f1.4 and a little wonder called "35 mm Tilt and Shift" (all manual) for architecture shots.Unfortunately, I have never purchased a digital SLR because Canon technicians were not smart enough (or honest enough...) to offer an adapter allowing me to use (even manually!) my excellent FD lenses that I refuse to throw away in order to buy the new autofocus ones, especially the 35 TS for which I paid more than $700 thirty years ago!  If they had made this adapter, I would have already purchased at least two digital SLR cameras.Nevertheless, I did buy a digital A85 several years ago that I still have and which makes excellent pictures.A year ago, in March 2010, I bought my second digital Canon camera: the "SX 120 IS" from Office Depot because I had a $60 reward card from them and because they also accepted a $25 coupon, which lowered the price to a mere $128 with tax out of my pocket.  After taking a few pictures along the beach, I packed it and returned it for a full refund, except for the $25 coupon that I lost.2) THE ALMOST PERFECT "CANON SX 120 IS" DIGITAL CAMERAThis could be the perfect camera... IF it had a viewfinder!  Unfortunately, whoever designed this (would be wonderful) camera, decided NOT to put a viewfinder, which killed the sale!It is as small as my old A85, it therefore fits in a shirt's pocket, and has the same familiar selector on top allowing you to choose between AV (Aperture Value) if you want to work on aperture priority, TV (Time Value) if you prefer to select your speed and let the camera choose the aperture, and even a manual mode.  In addition, it also has several all automatic point-and-shoot modes that I always ignore!On the other hand, it works on AA batteries that you may find anywhere.  Therefore, you will never have to stop shooting when your rechargeable battery runs dead in the middle of the jungle: all you need is a pair of fresh alkaline batteries that won't dig a hole in your pocket because of their weight!Finally, the 10X optical zoom (equivalent to a 36 --> 360 mm on a 24 X 36 SLR format) is far more than the mere 3X of my A85.So why did I return it after taking a few excellent pictures along the beach?Simply because I was shooting blindly, due to the fact that it has no viewfinder and it is impossible to compose a picture with the screen under direct bright sunlight, as we have in our sunny Miami Beach!  As I said, the absence of viewfinder killed the sale!Last December, I bought the "CANON SX 20 IS" which also works on alkaline batteries, has a 20X optical zoom and, most of all, a viewfinder, but it is almost twice as thick as the "SX 120 IS" and it is therefore far from fitting in my shirt pocket.  I have not tested it yet because I have been too busy with my last academic book about French dramatist Jean Anouilh (550 pages in French that will soon be listed on Amazon) but I expect to do it next month during my trips to Seattle, Las Vegas and Montevideo.  A detailed review will follow most probably by the end of the year.3) CONCLUSIONIF I were still living in Paris, France, with a handful of sunny days per year, I might have kept this very good and handy camera.  But since I now live in Sunny Miami Beach, it is totally useless for me without a viewfinder because it is absolutely impossible to compose the picture on the screen under bright sunlight.  True, you could shoot blindfolded and spend several hours later reframing each shot in the computer.  But ever since I started taking pictures of landscapes and architecture in the 1960s, I never point and shoot; I think, frame and reframe before pressing the button.  This was a must when you had to pay a fortune to buy and process color slides before the digital waste era!Now, if you can afford to pay a beautiful secretary to stand behind you with a huge black umbrella and shade your screen while you frame, this might be a good option.  But since I'm just a French professor working almost for free at FIU, this solution is out of question for me!