I have owned an Olympus C70 now for a couple of months,  I have taken over 1500 photos with it.  I "upgraded" from a Sony Cybershot DSC P73 (4megapixel).  I have a large collection of Olympus OM SLR film cameras/lenses, and was interested in getting back into the Olympus family.When it actually manages to focus  the Olympus C70 produces absolutely fantastic images,  but in normal family photographing  it rarely manages to focus,  or it underexposes severely when using the flash,  or it spends ages trying to focus.  What is the point of a camera that cannot focus on a human face in anything but direct sunlight? Why is there an AF illuminator that makes absolutely NO difference to the ability of this camera to focus? The Sony cybershot beat this olympus camera, it focused nearly instantly every time.  I never lost a photo due to bad focus or the flash exposures being badly underexposed.  With the C70 I spend so much time trying to work with the focus limitations that I have begun to hate using it.  It's just not possible to use this camera to take quick family photos,  by the time you mess around getting it to focus that magic moment is gone forever!  At first I though it was a bad camera,  I  exchanged it for another,  if anything this new one is even worse.  Perhaps it is my technique that is at fault, Olympus say that it uses contrast to judge focus,  that's great, but it appears that a human face does not have enough "contrast" to get this camera to focus in anything but direct sunlight.  Often it will focus on some high contrast object in  the background,  or if I have it in spot focus mode it will refuse to focus on my childs face.  Olympus customer support said that one workaround is to compose your picture by focusing on a similarly distant object, lock the focus and then reframe the picture on to your subject.  Sounds great in theory but in reality for shooting shots of people that move this is really a pain in the neck.  And in my experience I have often been faced with trying to find a suitable high contrast object to focus on.  There is a manual focus mode, that works very well, and I often have to resort to this,  but it's interesting that the much cheaper Sony that I had before did not need this option and focussed perfectly every time in every situation.There is an option to allow full time autofocus, this supposedly allows the camera to keep focus even when the button is not pressed.  This option is very much an annoying waste of time.  You can point the camera at something,  this continuous autofocus will then get it into focus all by itself,  great!!  Then you press the button to take the shot and the camera has another go at autofocussng and you end up in the same position as above. And it seems strange to me that the continuous focus, often gets focus where the actual Auto focus it tries to do when taking a photo cannot? This option must have been added for marketting purposes.The image quality when it manages to get focus is nothing short of stunning,  I love opening an image in Photo shop and just zooming in,  the details seem to go for every and are pin sharp.  The noise levels of this camera are excellant, you can take a photo of a blue sky and not see any visible noise!  You can take a photo of a face and zoom in until you can see every single little hair!  It's really an amazing image quality.  If it would focus then this camera would be perfect.Oh and a word or warning,  be "very" careful with that expensive bit of plastic and aluminium,  I phoned the local olympus repair centera and was told that if you so much as scratch the camera, olympus can and sometimes does void your warranty.  At least this is what I was told on the phone, not sure how legal that is in Australia.In summary, If you want to take still life photos and can live with an autofocus that is useless for low contrast objects,  this camera's image quality is unbelievable.  For family snaphots, it's the pits.