I've been looking for a new point n shoot for several weeks now and have tried out several that my son-in-law recently purchased. I'd just about decided on the Nikon Coolpix S6000 when I found the S8000 instead. In the past 2 days I've taken about 50 pictures with it. Having had Nikon, Canon & Fuji in the past, I was somewhat familiar with the Nikon menus, so working with the S8000 was not a problem and easy to learn.So far I find the photos have outstanding color, the best I've seen in a point and shoot in the auto mode. If you like over saturated colors, this may not be the camera for you. The pictures are tack sharp...most of the time. One or two of the photos were not at all sharp and it seemed the camera just wasn't quite ready. At the same time, it was the fastest to start up and to be ready for the next shot I've seen in a point and shoot. There was almost no shutter lag. I have not tried all the different modes yet other than macro and video. One big plus to me is its ability to handle strong contrasting light. Video's going from sunlight to shadow were handled well by this camera.I am very disappointed in the videos. While I did not have any audible noise (the audio is great), the movies seem fuzzy to me with muted colors. The Canon's I've used are much better at video than this S8000.The 3" Clear Color Display is crisp and bright, and adjustable. I really like the fact you can hardly turn this camera on by mistake as the on/off button is slightly recessed and takes a bit if a push. The menu buttons and menu itself are pretty easy to understand and navigate. To turn on the video, you just push the red "scene" button on the back of the camera.As for weight and shape, it's very light and thin and seems to fit the hand well.In the box was the usual manual in several languages, a nice camera case and thin cord to put on the camera for a strap. It also came with a 2gig SD card and a fully charged battery so right out of the box it was ready to go. What I did not like is the USB cable that came with it. It's not a standard mini USB connection at the camera end so it seems I have to have this cable and can use none other. It's just so easy to misplace a cable or forget to take one on a trip that I really would prefer a standard connection. The camera can be charged on the computer or at a standard 110 outlet. I don't know if it's 220 ready for travel or not.Because of the cable and the poor video on the camera I'm not sure I'll keep it. Perhaps I can add more info in a couple of days. I will upload a couple of shots taken with it to give you and sampling.UPDATE: Well I decided not to keep the Nikon. Just didn't seem to fit my hand comfortably and the USB cable bothered me. So I picked up a Canon SD960 IS with a much sharper & better video which can be zoomed while filming, a nice feel to the hand, and is smaller in size.