This was a new camera for me, replacing and upgrading from a 2005 Canon.  I am a point and shoot, basic photographer. My subjects are my 4 year old daughter and my pets. However, I also like to take pictures of the hawks that frequent my yard.  The Canon had a hideous shutter lag, just awful! And the picture quality wasn't keeping up with the demands of online photography products, like Christmas cards.  The shutter issue sent me to a Nikon product but I wanted a camera with great zoom.  I read a lot of reviews and decided the Coolpix L110 was the best choice for me.  Reviewers who are much better and knowledgable photographers have found this camera mediocre.  Well I don't.  I'm still figuring it all out but I'm very pleased with my purchase so far.  My number 1 concern was this camera would be too technically difficult for me to use.  Not true.  It has 2 auto functions, an easy auto and auto.  I had to watch a You Tube video  or two to figure my way around quickly.  I will read the directions but who wants to do that as soon as they open the box?  You want to take a picture first! The zoom is outstanding!  The picture quality is equally impressive.  There is a sports setting and I tried to get some motion shots of my daughter at her first dance lesson but all the photos blurred.  I'm sure it's me, not the camera but I say that to point out that there is a learning curve.  As you can see plainly from the pic of the camera, you are giving up easy portability with the camera - the only purse this camera will fit in is a large tote type bag, so my cross body purse leaves me out of luck.  However, the features of the camera outweigh the convenience of being able to put the camera in a shirt pocket. I have not tried the video feature on this camera yet.  We have a Flip, so that was not a  primary reason for purchase.  It's nice that it's there and I'm sure I'll try eventually but I can't weigh in on the quality of the feature.  I had to have the red one, from a purely female point of view.  wink wink).  And it is pretty.  Very happy and don't let all the features scare you away if you're a rank amateur.8 mos of experience later....  Well...I still like the camera but I have found some short falls.  The sports/motion setting creates grainy photos.  The auto settings are awful, you must use the other settings.  I like the wide array of choices for specific conditions and most settings are good.  The video function is minimal at best - 30 seconds is all I've managed to get.  The video is great, just too short. I'm bound and determined to make this camera work but it frustrates my husband.18 mos later and back from WDW.  I brought a back up camera in case this one gave me agita but I left all others in the hotel.  I am pleased with the quality of the vacation photos and many have complimented. I am updating this review because I find fault with one aspect of my 8 mos later review.  The easy auto is a good setting.  This camera is still very motion sensitive which doesn't help when your main subject is 5.5 years old.  You have to make sure the crosshairs are on your subject because the background sometimes comes out less focused.  So if I'm photographing birds and the crosshairs focus on the feeder instead of the bird, I've got clear feeder, blurry bird. Easy auto fixes this to a degree.  I fixed the video function by getting a 16gb SD card.