I have a Canon EOS 6.3MP camera that I think is great and that I use when I want to pretend to be a great photographer, but it's just too large to mess with for quick weekend or business trips. And my old Olympus D-490 2.1 Mp digital looks (and weighs) like a brick contrasted to the newer technologies. So when my Olympus flash finally broke ... it was time for the plunge to another pocket digital camera.I learned of the Kodak V570 after I was trying to confirm my resolve to buy another Canon camera (Powershot D450) and stumbled across a review in Kiplinger magazine. Attracted to the Kodak's design (and it was a top choice in their review), I decided to check it out.I was hesitating on buying the Canon only due to it's fit with my hands for the controls/buttons. The quality of the camera, the resolution and balance of the photographs and everything about it seemed great ... and I have a friend who loves his with the exception of its flash.But this Kodak V570 turned out to be a wonderful shocker:> it was from Kodak (I've been a Canon and Olympus guy for 20+ years from the AE into the digital age and thought Kodak was only for great film and for Brownie's);> it's ergonomic design and ease of use is simply the best I've encountered. Small enough to fit in the pocket, but great ergonomics on the switches, buttons and menus;> the use of ultra-wide and non-projecting telephoto make the camera fun, versatile, and can even pull off some shots I can't do on my Canon EOS (without buying yet another lens);> intuitive exposure settings that are simple to use and effective;> the panoramic view feature, in camera, pulls together a 3.1MP photo that beats what I've been able to do with Photoshop;> and, it simply is cool-looking. Friends literally have had the same reaction to it as when I first showed around my iPod when it first came out a few years ago.I've been shooting with it a little over a week now and am having great fun. The dock critiques I read on this camera have not been a nuisance to me, the camera integrated seamlessly without installing software on my Mac (2Ghz G5, OS 10.4.6 with iPhoto 6.03). The camera powers fast, shutter lag is minimal, the quality of the photography is very good (in low light to sunlight), and the video feature (including storyboarding) is very useful when I don't want to mess with my Sony Handycam.The only nits I have with this camera is the memory card door does indeed seem flimsy (noted by others), I have no clue what my battery charge level is and I occasionally capture the carrying strap in a lot of shots due to a combination of the length of the strap and the ultrawide lens. But these are minor nuisances at most.Form with function. Well done Kodak!+++++++++++ UPDATE August 13, 2007+++++++++++++++I continue to give the Kodak V570 a 5 star rating.In the 1.5 years I've had the camera it has taken thousands of great photos, seen countless cities and airports, and unfortunately been dropped a few times ... until about 3 months ago I accidentally dropped and kicked into the middle of Lexington Avenue in NYC. Though there is now a glitch in the lens cover from that fiasco, it unbelievably still gives great photographs and video clips.The other review on the cameras (except for a few that seem to be photographing/writing on a different planet) are accurate, and the additional minor nit some have mentioned in other reviews that I'll add is the dock, which is not as convenient as just plugging into a USB directly.But the V570 camera has proven to be a versatile workhorse and I think best in class ... though at a slightly lower price point.As mentioned above, my first V570 did have a glitch develop with the lens cover opening on the "drop kick" across Lex Ave ... and I did not have a protection plan and the cost to service was going to be $150+. So I did loads more research and at $290 decided I'd try the Canon SD800IS. This too is a great camera that I recommend ... great optics and wide angle, flash is much more powerful than the V570's, image stabilization and I like the preset features and ISO range of that camera. The Canon is much better on close-ups <6" and has a bit truer color in my opinion. It's obviously also a 7mp camera so the resolution is a bit better plus it has a viewfinder in addition to the LCD viewfinder which is a plus.But the Canon SD800 is about 1/4" thicker and a bit heavier. So if you're a guy and slip the camera into your front pocket or sport coat, it's a bit much. Found myself carrying my old V570 with the glitched lens cover instead of my new SD800. And the V570 is so well designed, feature rich, versatile dual lenses (with digital zoom turned OFF), simple to use and I personally find more "optimistic" color palatte/richness that makes my shots really look great.So when I happened across another new Kodak V570 camera on sale for $190, I bought it in a heartbeat.So net-net, the SD800 is an awesome camera. But because of the size it suffers the same fate as my Canon Digital Rebel SLR and is used only when I'm trying to act like I know what I'm doing with serious photography. And I'm happily on my 2nd V570 that tours with me daily.