This is a great little camera FOR THE PRICE.  I purchased this camera thru a television shopping channel and after the rebate I paid eighty nine dollars, free shipping and four value pays for it.  Not bad!  However, you get what you pay for.  I was simply looking for a quick, cheap, easy, point and shoot with video capability to replace a 3 1/2 year old Sony that takes mostly blurry pictures, freezes on focusing and has a small viewing screen that I paid over two hundred dollars for.  I currently have a DSLR Canon Rebel 450D Xsi that I absolutely LOVE but it's a bit bulky for some occasions.After reading many reviews I have to agree with others, yes, this camera DOES freeze.  I think it mainly happens when I take a picture and my finger presses down on two buttons at the same time since all the buttons on top are right next to each other without any space between them.  When that happens I just open the bottom battery cover, let the battery pop out for a split second, push it back in and close the cover again.  Yes, that's a bit of a pain and I would hate to miss a shot cuz of that but I didn't buy this camera for anything important so it's not a big deal to me.  I just think of the price I paid for it.  And really it's not much different than my Sony freezing having focusing problems and I'm slamming my finger down on the button and the stupid thing won't shoot sometimes causing me to miss a shot anyway.  I'm probably going to buy another new point and shoot in another 2 years when technology advances, etc. anyway.The other thing true about this camera is that it can occasionally take blurry pictures but you know what?  That's with many digital cameras these days, even my DSLR Canon.  All you have to do is breathe while you snap and boom you get a blurry shot.  However, this camera can also take INCREDIBLE pics when the lighting is right, you hold your breath and you get the right angle.  I wouldn't say the pics are as nice as my DSLR but they are pretty nice for an eighty nine dollar camera.  Also, as for pics in the dark, I stood in a dark corner by my house, late at night, and took a picture of a bunch of leaves that I couldn't even tell what color they were in the dark and they came out incredible!!  Also took a picture of the full moon and well, it's not perfectly clear but cuz of the great zoom, it didnt come out half bad.  However if I tried to do that with my old Sony 3x or 4x zoom, the moon would look like a little white spec.The downloading of pics to a computer is a breeze.  I have a 5 year old computer with Windows XP and all I did was plug the camera in and it did its own thing after a click or two.  Then I had the pics in a folder on my computer in a matter of seconds.  I apologize but I have not used the video feature as of yet and was waiting until I recieved my memory card to try that out.Please be advised this camera does not come with a memory card and when you try to take pictures with it out of the box, you can only take up to 17 pics and then you have to download them or erase them to take more.  As for what the max capacity of a memory card you can use, after emailing tech support because I could not find it anywhere in the box, booklet, etc. I found out by the next day via email back that this camera can take up to 32GB SDHC memory card!!!!Many speak of the battery life for this camera or lack thereof.  I find it to use up a little bit more battery life than my DSLR Canon and my Sony.  Not a big deal.  I picked up an additional battery for twenty bucks which you should always do for every camera anyway.So, after reading this, you are thinking to yourself "should I bother with this camera?" Well, my answer is yes only for these reasons... 1)if you don't need this camera for anything important,2)you want a knock-around point and shoot, 3)if this is for a youngster (especially for the "easyshare" feature to facebook, youtube, etc. and 4)if it's about $100 or less.  Otherwise of course there are better camera's out there...