I spent about an hour and a half last night debating between the Sony T1 5 MP and the Canon Power Shot A95.I'm sure my friend and I drove the poor sales clerk crazy - but he was very patient and we examined each extensively.I walked into the store primarily considering three cameras -- the Nikon CoolPix 5200, the Cybershot DSCP 100, and the Canon A95.  Going in I'd done a lot of research and found the A95's reputation is outstanding.  But Sony's general reputation -- and especially on the Cybershot DSCP 100 -- is outstanding too.The store was out of the Nikon, and since it had been the camera I was least impressed with after reading the reviews, I didn't worry about it too much.  The DSCP 100 had all the right numbers and features, but didn't feel right to me for some reason.  Maybe the shape threw me off?  Honestly, I'm not sure.  But the vibe wasn't right and so I asked to see the A95.By this time, the clerk and I had started chatting, and he pulled out the T1.  Honestly, I had not come across the T1 in my research, so when the store clerk pulled out this little gem from behind the counter, I was blown away.The thing is tiny.  And oh-so-beautiful.  The LCD screen on the back is almost the same size as the screen on my Treo 600 -- on other words, huge.  The camera felt great in my hands.  And a Zeiss lens -- wow.  That's top quality there.  As soon as I touched it, I began lusting after this mystery camera.  But was it any good?But let me digress.  The A95 is solid.  Just pure solid.  Nice quality.  Good build.  Picture quality looks good.  Screen is ... well, small -- especially compared to the T1.  The A95 is physically a much larger camera -- though surprisingly, the weight felt about the same as the T1.  Controls seemed intuitive and it's got lots of settings to play around with, but that don't get in the way of taking a simple snap shot.But the T1 has the sex appeal.  So I kept going back to it.  Without reviews, I was flying a little blind, but the fit and finish felt good.  And, did I mention the sex appeal?But as I kept looking, practicality began creeping into the deliberations.  For instance, the T1 uses a Sony-proprietary battery and memory system.  The A95 uses AA batteries and SD memory.There's no way of easily protecting the T1's super-large (and super fragile) LCD screen.  The A95's LCD flips around so that the screen is protected by the camera body.The T1 has no view finder and no way to take pictures if you aren't using the LCD.  The A95 can be used with or without the LCD (which increases battery life).The T1 has a 3x optical zoom.  The A95 has a 3x optical zoom, coupled with a digital zoom.The T1 has no tripod mount.  The A95 does."Weighing" in favor of the T1 are the A95's larger size, smaller screen, and the "cool" factor of the T1.As I played with both cameras (until the store just about closed), I noted a couple of other things about the T1 in the back of my mind.  It wasn't until I read many of the reviews here that these perceptions began to crystallize.Holding the T1 steady is a major issue.  (With the A95 I was able to take handheld low-light, no-flash pictures with minimal blurring.)  The flash on the T1 was ho-hum.  And despite the large LCD screen, telling which images were crisp and which were blurry was a major challenge with the T1.  Really, the only way to tell would be to download the images to your computer before deciding which pictures are keepers and which are deleters.In the end, I listened to my wallet and my brain.  I bought the A95.  I needed reliability and quality more than glamour and glitz.  The SD storage cards are about half the price as the Sony cards -- and that issue of the proprietary batteries is a big one.So far so good -- picture quality on the A95 looks good, although I can tell that I'm going to have to learn to use the different "scene" settings in order to get the best out of the camera.  Even so, the A95 is easy to use.  (It even fit perfectly in a cheap generic camera case!)  I'll have to post again as I get to know my new camera better.Hopefully you'll find this review of use.  In the end -- both cameras are keepers in my opinion.  Which one you pick is probably more a matter of personal preference than anything else.  Good luck to everyone in picking out the right camera!