I purchased the Panasonic ZS3 as a walkaround camera for when I don't want to carry my larger dSLR camera and lenses (be it for practical and weight reasons, be it for safety). I've had it for several months and have traveled extensively with it. The ZS3 has proven to be almost the ideal camera for the purpose I chose it for. Here's why:1, The ZS3 has an amazing amount of optical zoom for a camera this compact, and is also good at the wide end. This means more versatility.2. It is discreet, allowing me to take pictures without being noticed. Particularly useful when you're photographing people.3. It is small and lightweight. I can stick it into a coat pocket or attach it to my belt loop (I bought a little neoprene case for this).4. Picture quality is good, with accurate rendering of colors, exposure and white balance. Noise levels are usually quite low.5. It does have a few resources that allow me to have more control over picture-taking, but intelligent automatic mode works very well.6. Focus is accurate, even in lower light.7. Build quality is very good (except for the mode dial, see below).8. Video mode works quite well.9. Menus are comprehensive and intuitive to use, especially if you have some digital photography experience. If not, the product manual explains everything clearly.10. It's a lot of fun to use it!On the downside, there are a few aspects I don't like much on the ZS3:1. Battery life is nothing to write home about. There is NO workaround for carrying a charged spare battery. And herein lies a big problem, since the availability and price of the original Panasonic battery (DMW-BCG10PP) are horrendous. To make it worse, Panasonic outrageously released a firmware update that prevents the camera from working with any third-party compatible battery. If you install the update -- which I didn't --, you are stuck with the original battery. Good luck finding another one...2. Focus is slow. In all fairness, I can't really complain about this, as it's par for the course in this kind of camera -- especially since it doesn't have a viewfinder, electronic or optical.3. It took me some getting used to photographing with the LCD (I'm used to a viewfinder), but I eventually got the hang of it. It's not so easy in sunlight, but the LCD does a decent job.4. The mode dial frequently gets inadvertently changed when storing the camera or removing it from its bag or my coat pocket. The dial could be a little firmer.5. Powering up times aren't the best.6. Even using a good SDHC card, the camera is a bit slow in writing the images to the card.All in all, I'm pretty satisfied with the ZS3. It's not the cheapest compact camera around, but I do think that for the resources it offers (especially the fine lens) it is a good deal. I'm not sure I'd like it as much if it were my only camera, but it's doing fine for the purpose I acquired it for.