Just a little over a year ago, I became fascinated with digital photography, but not for the reasons most amateur photographers cite. I was in the market for a new home and, as I was looking at one with my realtor one day, I ran across a home filled with pictures. These were all pictures taken by the owners with SLR and D-SLR cameras. The pictures were diverse, but they simply made the home quite warm and interesting (disclosure: I didn't buy the house, but I did take away a new passion!). As a result of this "warm, fuzzy" feeling of seeing a large volume of pictures embellishing the flavor of this home, I decided to jump into digital photography with both feet. I knew I wasn't ready for the "big cameras," so I bought the Canon A80 4MP digital. Since that time, I've taken hundreds of photos, some which I've blown up to 8 x 10s and are hanging in my office (the Continental Divide on a snowy day and Puerto Vallarta sunsets). This particular camera, which I reviewed previously, was a great starter camera, and one which I'll hang on to for future "snapshots." That said, this warm fuzzy feeling I had when looking at this home described above has turned into a heated passion. As a result, the "heat" quickly pushed me toward a more serious D-SLR.When looking for a newer D-SLR, one with greater diversity, features, and higher-quality output, I did my due diligence like I do on most purchases. I did however, read one review that pretty much summed up the camera buying experience. This reviewer said there are three types of camera buyers: 1) those who only buy Nikon, 2) those who only buy Canon, and 3) those who can't decide between Nikon and Canon. Very astute and very true. After much consternation (and not wanting to get caught in #3), I decided on Canon, and purchased the 20D. I must tell you that I look looked at the camera superstores and boutiques, but found that Amazon had a very competitive price and besides, I'm an Amazon junkie. In any event, I purchased the 20D with the 18mm-55mm kit. That said, let me take a quick detour on to lens purchases.Since my 20D purchase, I've quickly learned that, while the camera is the foundation for high quality pictures, and imagination is the fuel for creating beautiful shots, the lens is the bridge between the two. Honestly, if I had to do it over again, I would not have purchased the 18-55mm lens with the camera; rather, I would have made a body purchase only. This lens is good for "everyday" shooting, but I was looking for the greatest breadth of exposure in the least number of lenses. The 18mm-55mm lens fits the middle of the road in terms of macro/zoom parameters however, it did not fit the boundries I set for the lenses I wanted. Using Amazon customer reviews and several photography-based web sites, I began my search for lenses that would give me the broad range I sought. Although expensive, I believe I've found an excellent, albeit heavy duo: the Canon EF 24-70mm f/2.8L USM Standard Zoom Lens and the Canon EF 70mm-200mm f/2.8L IS USM Telephoto Zoom Lens. Add a 2x telephoto extender, and I effectively have from 24mm exposure to 400mm exposure (the 2x extender fits the 70mm-200mm lens and doubles its zoom capabilities). Yes, these two lenses (and the 2x extender) have run around $3K, but both are "L" lenses (top of Canon's line) and both should easily provide me with the depth and breadth of pictures I wish to take. (Warning: if you decide to purchase the extender, make sure you check the lens compatibility. The extender only fits certain lenses.) Back to the camera...As an impassioned amateur, the 20D was easily the best purchase for me given its volume of features and photo quality. I doubt seriously I'll need to upgrade for years. I've taken a few hundred shots since the purchase, and the quality of the photos can only be described as smooth as butter. The color is brilliant, and exposure is top notch. There is no noticeable resolution distress (I believe the pros call it "noise") regardless my focal point. The camera has an instant startup, which is important to anyone needing a quick shot. And, the time differential between shots is immediate. Although this camera allows manual settings for specific shots, I find myself in automatic mode in most cases, both from an ease of use standpoint and allowances for my inexperience. I've read many reviews redressing the built-in flash and its inadequacies however; I've not yet had that problem. All shots I've taken, which have needed additional light, have been more than adequately handled with the built-in flash.At this point, the absolute only downside I have found is the weight factor in terms of my combination of camera and chosen lenses. The camera body itself is not a weight factor however, add either one of the lenses I purchased and it becomes something of a different story (particularly with the 70mm-200mm lens). Now, this is not to say that I have any regrets relative to these purchases; rather, it is the only downside I've found. The camera body weighs only a 1.5 lbs however, the 70mm-200mm lens adds 2.9 lbs, which makes the total unit weight something over 4 lbs...not inconsequential when taking numerous photos.All-in-all, this jazzed amateur gives the 20D two thumbs up for ease of use and incredible quality, particularly in the $2,000 and under D-SLR category. VERY highly recommended.