I had a hard time deciding whether to get this Sony DSC-P7 or the Canon PowerShot S230 Digital Elph.  I was looking for a small 3.2 MP camera.  I know some friends who each own one of these two cameras.  They were nice enough to each let me borrow their cameras so I was able to fully play with them for a few days before I decided which one to buy.  Although the S230 does capture images a little bit sharper, the P7 captures color better.  The P7 has 3X optical zoom compared to the S230's 2X.  The P7 comes with an AC adapter, the S230 does not (the P7's battery is charged directly on the camera while you must remove the S230's battery to charge it on a seperate charger).  I found that the S230 often produced red-eye and the P7 seldom did (and seldom does).  Luckily, you can correct red-eye on your computer.  Still, I would rather have a camera that produces photos that require the least editing as possible.  I would rather spend my time taking pictures! I wanted a camera that would fit in my jean pockets and although the S230 is a little smaller, the P7 is nontheless a tiny camera.The quality of the MPEG movie clips with sound is great.  This feature, however would never replace my camcorder--but it is a nice feature to have when I do not want to lug around my Digital8 camcorder.  I also like the fact that the length of video capture time is only limited to the size of your Memory Stick.  If I am not mistaken, only with Sony cameras (and only with some Sony cameras) can you fill the memory up with only video footage.  Also, with the P7's Memory Stick, I am able to view and save photos directly onto my Clie organizer.The size of the included 16 mb Memory Stick is insufficient.  I purchased a 128 mb stick and am able to fit over 80 photos set at the camera's highest resolution mode.  The photo quality is great.  The photo quality is not as good as some (and only a select few) of the much larger 3.2 mp cameras out there but for such a small-sized camera, the P7 is one mean machine.  I also thought of getting the DSC-P9 instead (with identicle shell/dimensions and features).  After reviewing several samples of the P9 that a friend of mine owned, I found that it was not worth spending an extra $100 dollars for the extra 0.7 mega-pixels.  The P9 is listed as a 4 mp camera but is actually a 3.9 mp.  The image quality is not much different.  Overall, I highly recommend the Sony DSC-P7 to anyone looking for a small camera that is able to produce photos with stunning quality.  The metal shell also looks very sleek and attractive.  I am glad I chose the DSC-P7 as I am enjoying it some much.  I do recommend purchasing a larger capacity Memory Stick (at least a 64 mb) and maybe an extra battery.