Previous camera: Canon SD750Everyone reading this review has a good idea of what to expect from this camera (feature wise) so i'll just go right into what you wouldn't or might not expect.1) The wide angle is great. The wide screen is great! However, every available resolution with the exception of 4320x2432 is NOT a wide-screen resolution. **NOTE** there is a HUGE difference between wide-angle and wide-screen. This is significant because if you are not using a wide-screen resolution then your on-screen image will not fill the entire screen (black bars on both sides of the screen).On the other hand you DO get the entire screen filled when shooting on 4320x2432. However, the camera automatically crops off the top and bottoms of the camera's original 4320x3240 image in order to make the image wide enough to fit nicely on the wide-screen.One last note on this wide-screen feature...It really is not a big deal that you have black bars on either side of the camera when not shooting wide-screen resolution because the sides get filled with several on-screen buttons that cover up the image anyways. And to be fair, I don't see any way around black bars on a camera without cropping because a camera's lens, inherently, doesn't capture a wide-screen image anyways.2) There IS camera distortion. It is only noticeable when staring at the camera screen while moving the camera around. However, this is to be expected when you have a 24mm wide-angle camera3) The image quality is not as good as the SD750. This is a big disappointment because my SD750 is 3 years old. The difference in quality only becomes visible when you zoom in too much. The biggest difference is the amount of noise that you can see when zoomed in. On the up side, you REALLY have to zoom in to notice the difference. Also, you can take the SD3500 off auto mode and tweak its settings to make its pictures look better than what the SD750 produced. But the noise when zoomed in all the way never really goes away.Even though the image quality is not as good (on some cases), the overall picture usually looks better because of the wide-angle lens (24mm vs 35mm) and several other tweaks that can be made4) The casing is very, very sleek. Almost too sleek. My original SD750 was grippy when holding it so the camera cant really slip out through your fingers. The SD3500 however is very slippery and I've had to be extremely careful not to drop it.5) The camera case has a slight-bluish hint to it.6) Fish-eye and miniature effects are very, very fun. Anytime you want a nice laugh, take a fish eye picture of someone's face (or another body part to make it larger)7) Camera is heavier than you would expect.8) The on-screen image appears to lag slightly if you move the camera around rapidly.9) Because of the camera's design, I find myself covering the part of the flash sometimes.10) There are no places around the camera where you can grip the camera naturallyBottom Line:I still recommend someone buying this camera. It is feature packed and more than what you can expect from a point-and-shoot. As long as you are not extremely nit-picky and know what you expect, then you will definitely like this camera.I Hope this helps potential buyers make a decision!!