Ok here is an up date. I like the camera but am looking for a new one!! I am tired of taking pictures trying to hold my hand perfectly still!! I can move the camera super fast at times and get a great clear picture and other times when I am still and there is little movement from object I get a blurry picture!!!!. My sister in law also stopped using her Same camera due to same annoyance!!! I did not pay the Price it is advertised here !! It was under 200$ It is fun to play with all manipulations on it but you can only do them when they are in the camera, not once on the computer.! The zoom is only ok not as much of a zoom as I'd like either. Over all it is ok I do want to get a different one after having this one almost 2 years! I'd keep it if I didn't have to delete soo many blurry pictures and NOT being able to get the quick  photos at that momment. I loose alot of one chance shots!!I bought a digital so I would have something much smaller then my minolta film.  There are pros and cons to a digital in general I guess. I also ready many reveiws before buying this camera and looked at it many times. I do not find many of the problems other do .  You can delete more then one picture at at time just go to grid mode, check all ones want gone and poof they gone.  Didn't think anything about lens  zooms out when turned on but I do find my hand in wrong spot at times putting tension on lens. I'm getting used to not having a hand there that is all.  I also too have a hard time getting used to motion pictures. Film, one click NO BLUR. Digital get some clear and some blur in same photo but not cameras fault ( Digital thing).  Menu is soso to use but I find that once I get a certain setting I have to search to get it back to prior setting. I have read manual and played with it many times. Just at times you can get one spot from one button but not another. Needs a reset button:) Also you Can see picture after you take one. It has a 2 sec setting.  You ccan take multiple pictures at once. Burst mode works well minimal blur. Overall I enjoy the camera. I have taken it out in cold, Screen turns purple after a bit , once warmed up is fine.  Even though you have a big screen no match for a veiw finder. So point and shoot and it usually comes out what I wanted. The few pictures I have printed came out nice. I like to play with it and all the neat effects it has on it:)  Over all I really like the camera , Won't let go of film all together yet. I believe most anyone could use this camera. Especially on easy setting. Just point and shoot. Delay is very lil  until you get into different settings. Battery lasts pretty good. Again never had a digital but I am pleased:) READ directions on how to focus first and then take pictures and you will not have any trouble taking nice pictures.  Only reason I give a 4 is due to it not being as quick as my minolta film!!