[UPDATE: After many months, the camera could no longer focus automatically (the lens would extend and retract, but it was in focus only at one spot along the way), but the good news is that Kodak service was fantastic. Wait time was short, the person on the other end made sure she understood the problem, and then provided a lot of information regarding the RMA process.  The only drawbacks were that I had to pay shipping costs to send the camera in, and that it took a little over a week (in total) before the camera came back as good as new.  No problems since then.  If I find this one at the right price again, I will buy another (so my wife and I will each have one). Could this have been the problem others reported regarding "blurry photos"? I don't know, but their service department took care of it right away.]I picked this up on a discount site because the price was right (around $100).  This camera has exceeded expectations in every way.  I would gladly have paid up to around $200 for this little marvel.  A number of other reviews list a lot of specific details.  Let me address the things that impressed me about this camera, and then address the points from some other negative reviews:THE GREAT STUFF---------------- Even without reading the manual, most functions were a snap to learn.- There are far more functions available than I am likely to ever use (e.g., the panoramic photo option, the burst feature).  There are many advanced configuration options.- The recycle time (the time it takes for the camera to be ready for the next shot) is shorter than for any of the other digital cameras I have owned.- Color registration is great, and the flash does not wash out the photo as much as it had on the Vivitar cameras I owned.-  The rechargable battery is a feature that should be standard on every digital camera. This one will save you tons of dollars on battery costs over the life of the camera.  So far, we've yet to completely drain the battery in a single day of shooting.THIS IS A GREAT CAMERA FOR THE PRICE! Buy it as a "point and shoot" camera for your snapshots and you'll be getting a camera that will let you grow into a new hobby.  If you're looking for a digital camera that has some great features at a great price, you won't go wrong with this one!  BE SURE TO PICK UP AN SD CARD--at the time of this writing, a 1 Gb card sells for under $20 and will hold around 290 photos at maximum (8.0 megapixel) resolution.SOME NOTES ABOUT OTHERS' NEGATIVE POINTS (WHY I DISAGREE):----------------------------------------------------------NO VIEWFINDER - I honestly thought this one would bug me, but it has not been a problem at all.  The camera's default view provides a cross-frame in which to center the subject of your photo.  Toggling the joystick left and right adjusts the brightness of the LCD display, allowing it to compensate for most light conditionss.BLURRY PHOTOS [be sure to review the UPDATE section at the top of this review]- Neither my wife or I have had any real problem with blurry photos.  When you start to depress the shutter button, the camera starts to focus.  When focus is achieved, the camera boxes those areas that are in focus in green boxes.  This was really helpful when I was trying to make sure something was in focus (like a face rather than a pendant).  When we've allowed for the camera to finish its autofocus routine, all of our photos have come out well.THE BUTTONS - Some complained that the buttons were too flat against the body, makin them hard to depress.  I did not find this to be a problem at all (and I have big fingers).  To the contrary, I found the low-profile buttons to be a boon because it prevented me from accidentally depressing them.JOYSTICK NAVIGATION - Contrary to a number of reviewers, I had no problem with the mini joystick that is used for navigation.  It is very comfortable to control it with my right thumb while holding the camera, and I did not have any problem getting it to accept a direct inward press (it did not angle off in any direction).  I wonder if others' control of the joystick improved with use.  I found this navigation tool much better than the button-only navigation on my previous cameras.