I can only hope that I am not going to come across as a salesman.  I have no connection whatever with Panasonic and they are not paying me for this review in any way shape or form.  That being said, I LOVE my new camera!  I have had it a little more than a month now, and I truly believe it is the best camera on the market today.  It's got a 3 inch LCD with 5 step brightness adjustment, HD video capture and incredible sound quality, a burst mode that seems to take about ten shots a second,  the best optical image stabilization around (so that even if you've got the shakes from too many nightcaps and have the thing set on maximum zoom, you will still get a crystal clear picture), a 25mm wide angle lens with 12X optical zoom and up to 21.4X extra optical zoom (which, no matter what you might read or hear, really does work - just set the camera to a lower megapixel resolution and you will get more zoom).  It's got two scene modes that you can set your scenes to so you just spin the dial to MyScene 1 or MyScene 2 and take a picture with whatever scene you prefer.  I have one of mine set to  burst mode and for the other I have it set to panorama assist mode, which is awesome for taking pano shots (which I do a frequently).  All this and it's got excellent picture quality that, in all the reviews I read, was consistently ranked among the best picture quality in the business.  In fact, every time I came across a top five or ten list of cameras, this camera was always somewhere in the list, which should say quite a lot.  Plus, it's red!!! (At least mine is).I should also say that, at least compared to the cameras I have owned and operated before, the menus on this one are extremely easy to use and make a whole lotta sense.  Most of the controls are pretty much just where you might want them, too.  The one exception I could name to this would be the button that records video, which is right where I want my thumb to be when I am carrying it around.  Consequently, I have ended up taking a number of unintentional videos.The things that are lacking, in my opinion, would be the in-camera panoramic mode that allows you to actually stitch a panoramic scene together without having to put all the shots on your computer first.  However, the panoramic assisst mode that it does have is worth a whole lot more since it lets you line your shots for a pano up perfectly.  The one scene mode it lacks, in my opinion, is one for taking shots of things behind glass, though honestly I have taken several shots of things behind glass with the iAuto mode and it seems to work totally fine.  Lastly, I really wish it had a viewfinder, but then I guess they would have had to make it bigger, and I probably wouldn't want it any bigger.  At this point, it's right about the size of my wallet and fits into my front or jacket pockets just fine.  I have read that the rechargeable battery has a somewhat shorter lifespan than most, but I really wouldn't know from personal experience.Some of the cool features it has is a scene mode that actually slims or plumps up the people you are photographing.  I didn't realize at first what it was for and took some shots of my already very skinny self and was quite alarmed when I looked at the pictures on the computer!  It also has not only color, B & W, and sepia, but a "cooling" and "warming" mode that lends a blueish and reddish quality to the pictures respectively.  And it has one mode that turns all your pictures or video grainy.  Not really sure how I would ever use that, but it's still kinda fun to know that it is there.  Oh, and it has a special setting on the dial that allows you to take pictures of documents or whatever that you might want to have stored in your camera (and can access or erase at any time).  I used this once to take a picture of my school class schedule for the semester from the computer screen when I couldn't figure out how to print it out.  Saved time and paper!  Also, it comes with an AV cable so you can hook the camera right up to your TV and play video or a slideshow right from your camera!I have just a couple of recomendations if you do decide to buy this camera.  First is that you might wanna get a screen protector for your LCD.  It's really nice having the large 3 inch screen, but, unfortunately, I scratched mine on some rocks in Sedona the very first week I had it.  The second recommendation I have is that you buy nothing less than a Sandisk Ultra II memory card.  The camera specifies that for HD video you should have a card with at least 10 mbps.  The Ultra II, with 15 mbps, is what I use and it has worked great.  I only mention it because I had trouble figuring out which card to get.Ummmm... anyhow, that's all I can think to say other than if you buy this camera, I really don't see how you could be disappointed.  Cheers!