It's a small well built camera, all metal including the tripod mount. Overall pictures are nice but a little on the cool side when put in Auto White balance. I will upload samples on this (compared to canon which is a little on the warmer side on Auto). Auto mode is probably fine for bright outdoors.The EXR mode which is advertised the most has 4 sub-modes. EXR Auto, EXR High ISO Low Noise (S/N), EXR High Dynamic Range (D/N) and High Resolution (H/R). I haven't yet figured out the difference between EXR H/R and  normal large size Auto. Try to avoid the EXR Auto mode since you cannot limit the max ISO.The firmware can definitely use some updates. It tends to pick too high an ISO in all Auto modes.  On some modes you can control how high it will go. Try to set it at Auto(400) wherever possible. In full EXR Auto I have a number of shots full wide angle at 1/80 and ISO 800 where 1/40 and ISO 400 (or even 1/20 ISO 200) would have been fine. The direct SUNLIGHT white balance is for some reason called FINE white balance. The Manual seems to talk about a "if AUTO Image size is selected" (page 34 of the full PDF), but there is no AUTO image size option. You select the image size you want, the camera overrides it as needed.  The EXR D/N mode is the most useful of all EXR modes since it gives a 800% Dynamic range boost and you can limit the max ISO.There is also a Pro Light Mode which does a hash of 4 pictures and it seems to do a better job at reducing noise then EXR S/N. Considering that it takes 4 frames, you need a Tripod and a still subject (if you have a Tripod and still subject why do you need pro-light?). It is limited in use in scenarios where you really need to use this -  dark days, shady areas or indoors - because it will pick ISO 1600.The ISO 1600 which all Auto mode prefers by default should be avoided. The camera also has perfectly unusable ISO 3200, 6400 and 12800. The reason for the existence of these speeds escapes me. An analog TV tuning to a non-existing station would have less noise. Fuji should really limit the max ISO to 800.I have a old Canon A610 (5MP with a larger sensor 1/1.8, Fuji has 1/2). The Fuji is better in many ways; its smaller, compact, more zoom.  But purely from an image quality point of view, there is not much observed difference.  There is no quality difference between this 5 year old Canon and the Fuji EXR S/N Mode at upto 400 ISO (The Fuji EXR SN mode results in 5MP) at comparable focal lengths. The ISO 800 in Fuji is actually usable which is unusual for p&s.;  Chromatic Aberrations are more visible in Fuji than in Canon at comparable focal lengths. Either the Canon lens is better or its firmware is removing this.While I do not have a modern p&s; to compare the image quality (e.g. all the newer Canons use a much smaller 1/2.3 sensor), the addition of all the new technologies is not necessarily able to overcome the sensor size reduction.PROS:1. All metal well built2. Extremely usable zoom range3. Very useful EXR D/N range4. Very usable Auto mode if you limit the ISO to 400.CONS:1. Fuji - Please remove ISO 1600 and higher, reprogram the firmware to select smallest usable ISO  in the Auto modes.2. Like lots of newer p&s;, there is only 1 aperture size + a simulated aperture using neutral density filter. So much for changing depth of field.3. Some learning needed with all the modes,scenes and film options.4. Lens chromatic aberrations are visible, this can be removed in software.OVERALL:Extremely usable camera, however be aware of the limitation. Try to work around Auto modes to select small ISO if needed, use custom white balance for really critical shots.