I would like to sincerely thank all the folks who have written so many absolutely amazing reviews on this camera. I researched for quite some time before making this purchase. All of the highly detailed information was crucial in my decision.First let me say, I will not leave the normal technical review. All of that info is out there if you need it to help you. My opinion is that there are folks wanting to make this type of purchase who may have the same kind of knowledge and experience as I have had. I hope this helps...From 1973 to 1995 I used a canon TLQL35mm and shot thousands of frames.  1979 till 1999, I shot weddings.(235).  Cameras were Pentax 6X7, and Mamiya 645. My clients and I were always pleased with the results from my work. Stopped doing weddings, sold the equipment, and put photography down for a good while. 2006, purchased A100. Shot 23,000 frames until putting that camera down last month. The A100 always left me wanting more. I wanted the clarity from the old days of medium format. I wanted clear bright viewfinders where my old (middle age) eyes could clearly see to focus. I have many many fine images. Photographing everything from ants to Eagles on 19 acres of farm land. (I print 8 1/2 by 11's on canon Pixma 6600 printer) The camera did serve me well. But.....I always knew there was more. Not being top quality glass for lenses held my images back. Very often I was disappointed. They looked fine and all, and friends would be amazed. None the less I knew there was more. I labored over getting new glass for the A100, but ultimately decided to go back to Canon.  So, enough background.  I purchased the 7D one month ago with the 17 - 40 F4 L USM series, and 70- 200 F4 L USM series lenses. Both without IS, because of dramatic price difference. Much Much less cost. I can live with F4, and I can hold the camera still with mono or tripod. 1400 frames so far. When I began to see what this 7D had to offer I was amazed. Crystal clear viewfinder. Sharp focus. This camera and choice of lenses are precisely what I was missing. The speed of focus is tremendous. Pelicans in flight where you can count feathers, and see the color in their eyes.Lightning shots with stars visible above the thunder head. In the last month I have been absolutely stunned by the images from this fine camera. Ordered kit with 23-135 lens because that was the only way I could buy it from Amazon. (I don't like buying from third parties) Sold the kits lens to a friend who has T2I. Never used it or even put it on 7D. Purchased non canon brand battery grip, and have ordered wireless flash remotes also non Canon brand. Using 8 gig Ultra cf cards.  (I don't want to have too many images on one card in case card ever had a failure) Shooting in RAW and JPEG, and save raw images as 'hi res" jpegs to print. I use the camera in manual, and usually like the exposures one mark "under". First shots in manual were two hours after opening box.  Now, I fully realize that full frame is far superior and that may be the rest of getting images that compare to the clarity and detail of the old days of medium format.BUT....that will have to wait at least for me.SO....If you have had  similar experiences, and hesitation  all I can say is... don't be afraid. You will be absolutely pleased. This camera WITH great quality L series glass will amaze those of us who want to make the step from entry lever digital slr's. To top off my praise for this camera, I had a technical question and called Canon. I spoke with an awesome customer service rep with no delay, and they followed up with a quick email survey to make sure I was happy. I am to say the least... very very pleased with this purchase. I hope this helps you. Canon EOS 7D 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera with 3-inch LCD and 28-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS USM Standard Zoom Lens