The package I purchased included: Canon T3i body and 18-55 mm IS-II lens kit, Canon 55-250mm IS-II lens, a wide angle lense, a 2x telephoto lense, a macro lense, additional car/wall socket battery charger, 2 additional Vivitar batteries, 16gb class 10 20Mb/s SDHC card, Zekios camera bag, Zekios full size tripod, Zekios 3-pc filter set(UV, CPL, FL), mini tripod, Vivitar external flash, SDHC card reader, screen protectors, camera cleaning kit, 2 microfiber cloths. The Canon T3i camera body is all I can handle as a novice. It has every feature I could want or probably need at my skill level. Both Canon lenses take great photos and feel sturdy enough to stand the test of time. They are however noisy when auto-focusing. I haven't used them on manual focusing yet, so can not comment on their effectiveness. The batteries last a long time. I have already snapped ~500 photos and am still running strong on the first battery which is one of the Vivitar's.  I have used the screw on macro lense and have had mixed results with it. I have a few great shots of a bug up close with it that are clear all around and some fuzzy shots of a flower, so maybe it is just my lack of photography skill that is keeping me from using it to it's full potential. Both tripods are junk. The full size is very plasticy and feels like it wouldn't hold up for very long and be very hard to get adjusted properly. The mini is plain stupid for a camera of this size, it barely fits my wife's little point and shoot. The Vivitar flash is very basic, it flashes and tilts but that is about it. The Zekios camara bag at first glance looks to be a good bag, but upon trying to load my camera and the rest of this kit's gear into it, it is too small and rather hard to get organized. I also have my doubts as to it's durability in the long term. The SDHC card has enough space for nearly 500 raw+jpg photos which is more than I will probably ever take in a single shooting, so am very pleased with it. It is also fast enough for my speed of shooting so far. I did take a couple HD videos with it and there were no studders. The card reader on the other hand is some no brand chinese garbage, in order for it to work, you have to carefully place the card into the reader before plugging the reader into the computer. It is also really slow to read the contents from the card. The screen protectors are not made for this camera's screen and have to be cut to proper size. The additional charger is very nice to have on a long trip. Overall this kit is good; however, you would probably be better off and maybe save a few dollars by just getting a couple extra batteries and saving your money for better hardware such as dedicated macro lenses, a really good camera bag, tripod, etc... I love the camera, just not so thrilled about the accessories.