The T1i (500D to me and the rest of the World) is my first DSLR camera. My digital cameras previous to the 500D consisted of Olympus' 570UZ, Canon's Powershot S70 and the (almost vintage!) Powershot S110. Given my  absence of experience with DSLRs, I obviously would have no real world basis to compare the 500D to other DSLRs.With that disclaimer out of the way, let me unequivocally state that I am absolutely thrilled with the quality of the pictures taken by the 500D, especially at night.I love night photography and it has been a continuing source of frustration for me that point-and-shoots, even advanced point-and-shoots like the 570UZ or the S70, have singularly so-so night photography performance, even on Manual mode where one is allowed to choose the ISO, shutter speed and aperture. The 500D convincingly erased that frustration. In fully automatic mode it takes absolutely goregous night photos at high ISO (usually 800 and occasionally @ 1600) and a very quick shutter speed with nary a hint of noise or blurring. (A guy I talked to concerning the night photography capabilities of the 500D and Nikon's D5000 commented that he found the Canon a more capable night shooter. I took his word with a grain of salt. Now, I absolutely believe him!) If there is one problem with the 500D's night capabilities on Automatic, it's that it tends to overlight the scene, which may not be what you want in certain situations. (For those kinds of photos, may I recommend "Manual" mode?)(Note: I have finally gotten around to posting sample night pictures taken during a recent trip to Madrid. Please do view the images to see what I mean.)I consider myself a mid-level amateur (I understand the concepts of shutter speed, ISO, aperture, white balance, etc.) but have not fully learned how to manipulate the different variables to great(er) effect. The 500D, however, makes it easy to learn. The menu is (more-or-less) intuitive and worded in plain (non-technical) English.  The "Creative auto" mode provides a good example of the use of simple, descriptive English.The LCD screen (@920000 pixels) is stunning. I compared the screen on the 500D with that in my 570UZ (@230000 pixels) and the difference between the two are indeed worlds apart.The 500D, however, is not as comfortable on the hand as my 570UZ. Also, the kit lens that comes with the 500D lacks the close-up and zoom capabilities of my 570UZ. (The 570UZ can take crisp pictures with the lens less than 1 cm from the object being photographed. Try that with the 500D equipped with the kit lens... you can't.) Which leads to one drawback to DSLRs... having to purchase separate lenses in order to do truly close-up and/or super zoom photography. Finally, the 500D is, of course, much heavier than an ordinary point and shoot.I have not used the video mode (for video, I'd recommend that one buy a dedicated video recorder not a DSLR).To sum up, the two main reasons why I love this camera:1. Stunning LCD; and2. Equally stunning night photography capabilities, even in full automatic!