I am a complete photography novice and I like to approach my reviews with that in mind.  There are a lot of technical bits of information that I have to lookup just to understand.  One thing is for sure, Fuji was never my first choice for a digital camera.  I always thought I would be a Canon girl ... but that has changed.  This is the second Fuji FinePix camera that I have owned and the other FinePix is very similar sans some small photography trinkets like various "scene modes", more optical zoom capability and a wider "wide angle" lens.  Wide angle is what this new Fuji is all aboutI am comparing two cameras in my review: the Fuji FinePix F70EXR (this one) and the Fuji FinePix F200EXR Fujifilm FinePix F200EXR 12MP Super CCD Digital Camera with 5x Wide Angle Dual Image Stabilized Optical Zoom .  If you look at both of them, the differences are minimal and only slightly cosmetic from the outside.  You will notice a beautiful metal body on both of them.  This is what steered me away from some of the Canon PowerShot cameras  and I currently own the Canon PowerShot A590IS 8MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -- and the body is primarily plastic.  This Fuji camera is so well constructed that even in heft (yes, it is heavier than plastic and will weigh down a shirt pocket) you feel like you are getting your money's worth.  It really is remarkable for the money!The greatest differences between the F200EXR and the F70EXR have to do with optical zoom, focal length, digital zoom and wide angle.  If cost is an issue, compare the features you want and need and make the plunge.  In fit and finish they are both very similar except the F200EXR has a slightly larger LCD screen (not much).  Both cameras are so similar that it is worth researching them both and deciding what you want.  The camera you are looking is currently cheaper in price.  So if price is what you are after, this is the camera to grab.  For me, research and comparison works :)With the F70EXR you are getting 10 mega pixels of sheer beauty.  The ability to adjust settings easily (it's the same on the F200EXR) while shooting is one of this camera's high points.  The menus and buttons are very logical and durable.  Since this is a small camera, the notations on and around buttons is small but  appears to be well contrasted to the silver knobs and buttons.  There is only one exception to this rule and it has to be the playback button which is written in green on gray and is very difficult to see.  But this is no deal breaker in my eyes.  You are getting a beautiful camera.The paper manual is great and will get you going in no time.  The camera also comes with a manual on CD that is much more in depth and will help get you through troubleshootingThis camera takes it's own special battery (no AA's which should be something to think about before buying).  You can purchase an extra Fuji battery and can happily exchange them while recharging.  I find that the charges hold quite well.  The charger is a small device that fits directly into the wall.  No heavy AC adaptors to have to lug around.I love this camera for what it does and what it will do as I delve deeper into the manual.  It's gorgeous!