I have had mine since September of 1999 and it is fantastic!  The best feature is the floppy disk storage media.  You're out of town, no laptop mega-drive and out of storage?  Buy a $5 box of disks and shoot for another  month!I bought an extra battery for mine which is real handy when  traveling.  The battery life is real good - several hours of continuous  shooting and viewing, even with the lower life battery supplied with the  camera.  These batteries also interchange with Sony video cameras, so you  can get double duty out of them if you own a video camera also.I have  used the camera to take pictures to email to family & friends, Fox  & Friends, post on auction sites, send to publications and even just to  print out on photo paper.  I used the camera on a tripod to take pictures  of kids on Santa's lap this past Christmas, printing them on photo paper  with an ink jet printer - a terrific success!  The quality was not quite  35mm SLR, but it was a whole lot better and faster than a cheap 35mm.I  am now experimenting with the mpeg video mode for our local track team,  many events are completed in less than the 1 minute limit in extended mode.  We may post these to the students web sites eventually.All my old 52mm  lense accessories  fit this camera.  The filters, effects lenses & etc.  add to the creativity you can unleash with this camera.  The ability to  instantly check your work by viewing on the screen is impossible with 35mm.  Many years ago I considered becoming a professional photographer and back  then you had to do a test shot with a Polaroid to check lighting,  composition and so on.  I believe this camera will take the place of  Polaroids in all applications.  Don't throw out the old Nikon 35 yet  though, for true quality work, you still need film.This camera also has  a whole disk or single frame copy feature that is really nice if you want  to give copies of your pictures away in the field.  You can also delete  unwanted frames to free disk space in the camera.  The controls and menus  for all these functions are intuitive and straight forward to use.Exposure control is also easily accomplished with a series of  programable features.  The shutter speed, apeture, flash and white balance  can all be set manually if you don't want to use the automatic mode, which  really is adequate for most situations.  You will want to read the book  first, but once you have the basics down, it is just infinite  experimentation from there.  You can't make a mistake - just reset and try  again - you're not wasting expensive film!I would recommend getting a  wide angle accessory lense; if you are taking pictures of large subjects in  tight quarters, (no, I'm not talking about Santa Claus!), sometimes you  can't backup far enough.  An extra battery, as mentioned above, is also  essential if you plan to use it traveling or on all day assignments.