Disclaimer: Before I begin let me say that I love taking pictures but am a total amateur and will not be able to explain the fine technical diffrences.I have had an A80 for 4 months now. I got it for a cheaper price than Amazon through bizrate.com at a NJ camera store. I made sure it wasn't one of the bait and switch stores through user rating and reviews. They did ask me to buy accessories but when I declined they just sent me the camera the next day. I had an A70 for about 8 months before I got caught in heavy rain and the camera CCD was damaged due to the water after giving me about 3000+ good pictures. So I went to buy another camera and thought of buying another brand and model. However after some heavy research I came back to Canon as I love the Photostitch and the other manual and photo modes. So I bought the A80 and here is the difference between A80 and A70 through the eyes of an amateur.A80 is heavier than the A70 and the corners are less well rounded. Its squarer and is surprisingly heavier than A70. But you get adjusted soon and I like the weight as I don't carry it in my pocket anyway.The plastic parts of A 70 have been replaced by metal in A 80 which explains the weight and it has a more solid feel to it and is more resistant to scratches.The flip out screen is a good addition and I have twisted it in another angle about 25% of the times. For example when you want to capture a group of people from the outside. Then you can hold it above your head to get the center of the group and still compose your shot as you can see the screen. Or when you are taking pictures of kids and don't want to neel on the ground. You can just lower the camera in your hand and twist up the screen. The same goes for landscapes. It does allow for more creativity in composing shots.The rubber flap which covered the outlets for your cable has been reduced to about 1/5th the size. And there is a better navigator button which allows you to scroll through pictures/menu etc. In the A70 the 4 buttons at the back also serve as the navigator buttons. Now they need not.And the on/off button which was very flush with the top in A70 is more raised in the A80 and more easily found in dim light. The picture modes have not changed much over the A70 except there are now 2 more modes C1 and C2 which can be customized to your liking. The biggest difference however is in the 9 point AiAf autofocus. I see that the indoor pictures taken by A80 on Autofocus are 'harsher' than the A70. Outdoors I do not see a big difference and the pictures taken in daylight are as clear as the A70 but the indoor pictures are quite different. The white is whiter than it was in pics taken with A70 in autofocus, if you know what I mean. Overall, I like the A80, especially as I got it for only a few bucks more than what I bought the A70 for (from Amazon). But I haven't quite figured out how to use it to its full advantage especially indoors. And I do prefer Canon A80 over what was available in the same price range.