I finally took the plunge and bought this dSLR after 7+ years of dedicated Canon "prosumer" point and shoot products:  the PowerShot G3 and most recently the PowerShot S5 IS.  About 3 years old now, the PowerShot S5 IS is starting to malfunction:  the dreaded "lens error" message appears when using the zoom (started about a year ago), and now a stuck pixel appears in pictures.  So, I knew it was time to find a replacement.My original plan was to get another prosumer point and shoot, such as the Canon SX30 IS.  But at the ~$400 price point, it was edging pretty close to some entry-level dSLRs.  Sure, having that 35x zoom would be nice, but I realized that with the Canon SX30 IS, I'd almost certainly be getting the same sorts of 'drawbacks' I had been experiencing since my first Canon digicam:  poor low-light performance, slow focus, and slow charging of the flash.  By the way, over the years I've learned that "low-light" really means "indoors," even under conditions that look fairly well-lit to the human eye.  That lesson translated into one of the key determinants for making my final decision:  almost any camera can take nice photos outside in daylight, it's taking photos indoors that don't look washed out by a flash or so dark you can't see anything that is the real test--that is, if you take lots of photos indoors.After reading many reviews for entry-level dSLRs on popular digital photography sites, I found the Pentax K-x highly rated.  What seemed to be a common theme across these reviews was the claim that this camera had very good low-light sensitivity.  Well, I can definitely attest to that!  I've been shooting pictures indoors that look, well, like what you see with your own eye, even when using the flash!  If you're interested in this camera, I'd recommend reading the many fine reviews out there written by professionals.Perhaps it's the result of transitioning to a dSLR, but gone are the delays in focusing, and the built-in flash charges very quickly.  (Interesting note:  both the Canon S5 IS and Pentax K-x use 4 "AA" batteries, yet the Canon takes SO much longer to charge the flash.  How many shots I missed because of that!)  This camera also has a priority mode that I hadn't seen before, but absolutely love:  sensitivity priority "Sv".  Basically, you set the ISO sensitivity, and the camera determines the aperture and shutter speed settings.  Others might not find this feature as worthwhile as I do, but in all my struggles to get my Canon cameras to take decently exposed photos indoors, I knew the battle was always against the ISO sensitivity, and anything past 400 was an invitation for blurry, speckled shots.  With the K-x, I've taken indoor shots at ISO 1600 rivaling those at ISO 200 on my Canon P&S;'s.Now to be fair, there are some negatives to mention.  First, the AUTO mode on the camera worked so poorly indoors I almost returned the camera.  Solution:  use any other mode and the camera comes to life!  Second, there are no AF points in the viewfinder.  For me, that hasn't been much of a problem, because I never had them before (coming from point & shoots), and there are advanced AF settings to work around this if you absolutely need to.