I bought this camera with hopes that it would exceed my expectations. I previously had a Sony Cybershot DSC-W30 6MP and I loved it! It honestly was the best camera I had ever owned and lasted YEARS with perfect quality photos EVERY SINGLE TIME. Thus I decided to purchase another Sony Cybershot when the gear wheel stopped working (due to overuse) on my older camera.I looked at tons of reviews for all sorts of Sony Cybershot cameras to be able to pick the best suitable one for me (it did not have to be the lastest). I finally settled on the Sony Cybershot DSC-W230. The features looked great, it was similar to my old camera (generally same look, same lens, etc.), plus as a bonus, I got it in my favourite colour... red!!! Please note that the actual red of the camera is slightly darker to what is pictured here (at least on my screen). I was extremely excited about my purchase and coudn't wait for the camera to arrive. It arrived in great condition.Thinking it would have the ease of use as my old Sony Cybershot DSC-W30, I figured that I could take just take it out the box, pop in the battery and memory card (memory card not included btw) and start snapping photos. I was wrong.You see, I am the type of person who snaps photos for everything. Anytime I go out I snap photos. When people arrive at my home I snap photos. When my dog does something cute I snap photos. I'm accustommed snapping photos until I have pictures coming out my ears and other people tire of it (I don't care though, I would still snap photos all the same). I found myself having to read the manual in order to understand the camera (something I have never done out of force, but out of interest). As said before, the camera has some really cool features that you can play with, such as the smile detection (which, I discovered, does not really necessary work with a smile but works if you squinge your eyes alone to simulate a possible smile) but it feels as though some of the main essentials were taken out.The flash, on its highest setting, is no match for my previous camera. That flash was able to light up a pitch black room with the photo coming out as though it was broad daylight. This one doesn't. I suppose they designed it to save on energy or something, but this was the most (if only) worry that I had when purchasing this camera, so I was disappointed.If I want to take a photo on the automatic setting, the photo does not come out great. In my last camera, an older version I remind you, it worked perfectly. In this one, it isn't so great. I suppose if you really adjust all the settings EVERY TIME you need to take a photo then it may come out great. I am no professional photographer (they may probably really like this camera): I am just an ordinary user who was looking for a camera that can snap everyday pictures with ease and clarity. Even in the EASY mode (made for grandparents, etc.) the photo does not come out good. Photos come out blurry if the flash is not on, so I need to have it on all the time (I don't mind this since my older camera had the same problem). The camera also NEEDS to be adjusted for the lighting in every setting otherwise the photos do not come out good.I hardly use the camera at all. When people inquire as to the reason, I simply shrug and say "it's too much hassle". And it's not for lack of trying as I have my camera permanently attached to my purse with the purple Shock-Absorbing Durable Active Camera Case (purchased here), so I don't have the excuse of "I left it home". Since my purchase in December 2009, I have only taken one photo album worth of photos, and that in itself is disappointing.So here's my recommendation: If you want a fantastic camera with great features that you don't mind adjusting for every photo that you take, then this is perfect for you. Otherwise, you may not appreciate the camera. But I'll still recommend that you purchase it because it probably is the best on the market (for Sony anyway) :)