Purchased this recently for both work and non-work purposes, with the following observations:Pros:1) Outdoors, in daylight, amazingly good photos2) Excellent battery life3) Pretty user friendly4) Compact, easy to carry around in a coat pocket5) HD video from such a small camera is a major plus6) Zoom great for pictures of screen from distance, either standard outdoors photo or rear of conference hall7) Wide angle works very well8) fast focus, even in low light (see other low light comments below, however)Cons:1) Flash is good for about 5 to 8 feet, if you're expecting to see the same quality for indoor images as you will see for outdoor photography. If used beyond 10 feet or so, it will illuminate subjects, image on camera LCD will look GREAT, but image and subjects will look grainy on your computer due to high ISO setting (400, 800, etc) made by camera. While this graininess is to be expected at these settings, it is easy to be fooled by how good image looks on camera LCD right after photo is taken. Another reviewer commented earlier on these same issues with flash. Message to Panasonic: more power to flash in future versions. Message to user: indoor flash use will produce excellent, detailed photos if subject < 6 to 8 feet; ok photos that are acceptable, if somewhat grainy if beyond this.2) As others have mentioned, the dial on top right portion of camera that selects shooting mode is very loose, and will change settings on its own going into/coming out of your pocket. The camera is so good overall, that this is a minor nuisance, and one learns to check this as camera is turned on for use.3) Extra batteries, cables, are hard to come by. DO NOT buy spare batteries listed with product as accessories on Amazon or other web sites without checking battery # and ensuring a match: there are some listed on the ZC3's product page that do not work with this camera. Save yourself expense/hassle of return. Panasonic web site lists correct battery product number. (BCG10PP is correct battery number at the time of this writing).4) Need to remember to reset white balance. If you take photos indoors in NORMAL mode and set WB for indoor lighting, put camera away for the night, then turn camera on the next day, it will still be set for indoor lighting. Would be nice if there was an option to retain this setting/auto return to default when camera is turned off/on (the camera has this feature to retain current zoom level/reset to default setting when camera turned on/off)5) It is possible some casual users may find it a bit of a challenge to take advantage of all the pre-set exposure options, while some experienced users will find it frustrating that there is not more control.6) Found it difficult to get as good results with night shots as the camera seemed to over-ride my manual attempts to open shutter by 1 to 2 stops.7) Also with regard to night shots, low light photos, etc...  For taking pictures in low light setting, a few adjustments are needed to NORMAL mode. In low light, the camera will not use settings below ISO 200 (i.e. ISO 100, 80, etc..) unless you specify that. This accounts for part of the graininess of low light photos. This is partly necessary because the shutter speed "default" setting will not allow exposures beyond 1/8 second. So, if one wants to take higher quality picture in low light with longer shutter speed, both the ISO SENSITIVITY and the SHUTTER speed need to be manually adjusted in NORMAL mode (as best I can tell, to set ISO below 200, and use longer exposure [maximum exposure I found in NORMAL mode is 1 second]). While longer exposures are available in the pre-set modes (such as "Starry sky" mode), these are still somewhat grainy, I believe, due to high ISO setting used by camera. These are good precautions for casual photographer who is OK with modest quality low light photo, may have shaky hand, or does not use tripod, but an obstacle for more experienced user with a tripod, steady hand, etc...who want really high quality pictures. Perhaps I've missed something in instructions, but this is best I understand things at this time.Overall, I am very happy with the camera and glad I made the purchase. Would have given it 4.5 stars if had the chance, except for the low light issues.