Last year, I went on a horse and carriage ride in wine country with a group of people and at the time I was quite happy with my old hand me down digital camera, but then everyone else there had these great like, 12 and 14mp cameras with big displays and they took better pictures and had better zooms and features.So, this year my boyfriend and I were going to the tulip festival in Washington and he got me this Panasonic Lumix so I could be happy and have 16mp and 8X zoom and plus it's PURPLE. I have to admit, this is not the first time I've been heavily influenced to choose a particular electronic device because it was purple, and last time it was a really bad choice, but this time I got the camera and I took it to the tulip festival and everyone admired my pictures quite a bit and I was happy. I was also pretty happy playing with this camera at home - it does much better in low light conditions than my old camera and has good anti-blur and good zoom...I was able to zoom in on some fabric across the room, in low light, and with my maraca hands and the picture I took was very clear with lots of color and you could see the individual threads! So I was happy.Happy for a few months.Until...I ended up with another camera. I was sent a Sony Cyber-shot DSC-WX150 to review and it costs a little bit more than the Lumix and it's 18.2mp with more zoom and more features in general but I was really ready to not be impressed (besides, it was blue, not purple!) But when I started playing with both cameras side by side, I became very impressed with the Cybershot and this Lumix just didn't measure up. When I was looking for a camera a few months earlier, I was confused by all the choices and it didn't seem like it was worth (my boyfriend) paying a little more just to get a few more features or a few more mega pixels, but actually the Cybershot is totally worth it (even if it was my own money.) I took them up to wine country for a bike ride, and gave the Lumix to my boyfriend to take pictures while I used the Cybershot. That gives the Cybershot a disadvantage, since I have "maraca" hands and he has a very steady hand. The Cybershot wins every single time, though. When we both zoomed in on a lizard on a patio and later on a crow in a row of grapevines, the Cybershot had the clearer image, hands down. Even just the fact that it was very bright and sunny out...the Cybershot got more detail and depth in every outdoor blazing-with-light scene. Also, the anti-blur feature on that camera is amazing.The Cybershot is also better in terms of basic design...like for one thing, you can charge the camera simply by attaching it via USB to your computer. The Lumix forces you to open the flimsy door on the bottom, take the battery out and put it in the little battery charger. I could go on, but I'll save it for the Cybershot review.So basically, is this Lumix a decent camera? Yes. Does it come in purple? YES!!! YAY!!!! Can you get a much BETTER camera for just a little more money? Yes.