I am no digital camera expert and have owned only two digital cameras in my entire life, , but I do try to do my research on anything that I purchase and after reading more reviews than I care to think about I decided to buy the Nikon Coolpix L22 12.0MP Digital Camera with 3.6x Optical Zoom and 3.0-Inch LCD (Red-primary) as a Christmas gift for my wife.  I will keep the other digital camera a 6 MP Sony Cybershot that has served us well as a back-up.The Nikon Coolpix L22 12.0MP Digital Camera is very simple to use, but if you want to make any changes to settings then you will have to go into the settings menu rather than using a dial setting like on many cameras, but I have found that in most cases I use the same settings time and again.  But with practice you can get used to the new way of doing things.The camera arrived on time just before Christmas so I gave it to my wife a little early so she could start getting used to it before the family got together for the holiday.  When we got over to my son's house my wife quickly pulled out her new camera from her purse to take a picture of the grand baby and she fumbled it and it flew out of her hands and onto the hard tile floor, pieces flying every where.  I couldn't help myself and said something to the affect "Oh well that didn't last long".  As we started gathering up the what I thought initially were pieces of the camera I realized that it was the two AA batteries that had flown across the floor when the battery compartment opened on impact.  I put the batteries back in the camera and tentatively hit the power button and to my delight it came on and went on to take the sharpest pictures I have ever seen.  There was not so much as a scratch on the camera.  I certainly wouldn't recommend trying such a brutal test, but I would say that it is an indication of the quality and reliability of the camera.  It made me think of the old Timex commercials - "It takes a licking and keeps on ticking!".A serious or professional photographer would not want this camera because it does not give them the quick control they want and need over the shots.  If you are a serious or professional photographer than you probably are not reading this review and if you are there is no point in tearing it apart because it doesn't stand up to cameras costing many times more than this one.  After reading some of the negative reviews I feel that the writers are in a different category of camera user than most of us.I paid $80 at Christmas time 2010 and now I see the price has dropped down to less than $76.  At that price I am not going to complain unless the camera doesn't take a fairly decent picture.  This camera takes such clear shots that it can be a little unnerving.  I personally will not take a close-up shot of myself with this camera because you can see every little skin blemish and wrinkle.  These days I prefer blurry photos of myself. ;-)The only reason I gave it less than a perfect 5x5 rating is because I have not used the video much and that I haven't used the camera enough to make that kind of judgement and I have not had any contact with Amazon's Customer Service department and with all the things that I buy from Amazon I suppose that should tell you something.  I will follow-up with another review if there is something worth reporting on.If you want a camera that will take very crisp, sharp, great pictures and is small enough to carry in your shirt pocket or handbag and is an absolute screaming bargain on price then I think that you'll be very happy with this camera.