My father bought this camera prior to a safari in Africa four years ago;  my mom was enraged with him for spending the money, but when we got back she was so thankful, and you will be too.  It might not be the most intuitive model for beginners, but I think if you have a professional or avid hobbyist give you a demonstration in exchange for lunch, you'll be well-served.All the things you'd expect from a quality digital SLR are here - convenient media storage, battery life, an 11-point auto-zoom and focus, manual aperture/speed/ISO,  and more.  To get the most out of this camera, you're going to have to do the impossible:  read the manual.  And practice practice practice.First, the good:  the storage media is convenient, and for medium-sized JPG's you can get hundreds of shots on an 8 or 16GB.The battery life is excellent - I hardly had to charge the battery at all during the entire 10 days we were in Africa, which was very convenient as we were nowhere near electrical outlets.Playback does well for the most part although there were times when I accidentally pressed a button and put it into a playback mode I didn't desire, and it was hellacious trying to get back to just the picture.  The RGB histograms especially, gave me fits.Exposure comp and white balance are nice.  It just means that much less time I have to spend in Photoshop later.The auto focus is a nice feature to have on the type of thing we did, what with animals sometimes rapidly going further away or closer.  However there were times when I needed manual focus lock if something was behind a bush or something, or an animal running from side to side, and it isn't intuitive to figure out.  It was only when i got home and read through the manual that I figured it out.In a word, the flash on this camera stinks.  It does the job for what you would expect from point-and-shoot situations.  But especially in low-lighting, trying to get the detail you'd expect from a 35mm simply isn't there, unless you upgrade.The same thing goes for the lenses.  My father bought an extra 18-300  to complement the 18-135, and it's a good thing, since many of our subjects were so far away.  In fact we probably could have used an even higher-powered zoom lens, so you might think about that, depending on what you intend to use it for.  For sports events or nature, the 300 is the minimum, I'd say.I don't really use the preset modes;  the chances of any of the presets being exactly suitable for a picture are pretty slim.In low-light situations, it's not intuitive how to suppress the flash.  In fact there were times that the only way I could suppress flash was to manually hold the the flash closed.In closing I'd say this is a great camera if you're getting into the trade or are a non-professional hobbyist.  The only thing is, don't stop with the unit itself.  You'll have to get better flash and lenses if you want to get the most of it, or you might be surprised if your images look no better than a point-and-shoot.