I've been shooting family videos for nearly 25 years now. I've always tried to get the best video quality in the smallest possible camcorder - so I've had VHS-C, S-VHS-C, Hi8, DV, and wide screen DV. I probably waited too long to go to HD because I'd gotten spoiled by the size of my latest DV camcorder, and didn't want one of the fairly large HD camcorders. And all the latest flip-style HD camcorders just didn't have the features I wanted.My wife told me to get a new gadget for Christmas, so I started looking at pocket photo cameras with big lenses. And that's when I found out I could at last get an HD video camera AND a great 25mm to 300mm 35mm equivalent zoom lens in one tiny package called the Panasonic ZS-3.All I can say is that this is the coolest camera I've ever seen or owned. I've gotten to the point that for 99% of the time, I just want the camera to do the work at picking a great exposure, and the ZS-3 doesn't let me down. Maybe there is some lighting situation, or creative focus that manual exposure control would let me do, but I just don't care that much.And of course, the days of carrying both a photo camera and a camcorder are over. Seriously, unless you are into shooting near pro level video (or perhaps need better than average audio - a mic input jack would have been nice), this camera will shoot videos that should please anyone who just wants to get nice family videos or even pretty spectacular vacation videos. My son has a high end pro HD video camera, and the quality of the video from this tiny camera truly rivals the videos taken on a pro level camera. (All except very low light, and as I mentioned, high quality audio.)And it will always be with you. Not as tiny as one of the latest generation of very small pocket photo cameras, but those don't have that very nice chunk of glass that gives you 12x optical zoom (or more at lower pixel resolutions). It does fit nicely into a pants pocket. In the past, even with a small camcorder, I would often just not want to take two cameras. And even the smallest video cameras with any kind of decent zoom capability won't fit into a pocket.As the old saying goes, you can't take the picture (or video) if you don't have your camera. With this great little camera, you'll always have it along, and can take great photos or great videos.If you read all the reviews around, and watch some youtube videos taken with the various similar cameras (search YouTube for camera models and you'll find plenty of example videos), I think you too will conclude that the Panasonic ZS-3 is the best of its kind around. While my wife bought mine here on Amazon, what I don't understand is why the Panasonic brand is not available in most of the big box stores. I could not find one to look at in Best Buy, CostCo, Target, Wal-mart, or any other stores of that kind in my vicinity. I ended up relying on the reviews, which in the end led me to the best camera/camcorder I've ever owned.