I've had the S90 for a couple of weeks and have generally been happy with it; I bring it with me everywhere now.  Last month, I was shopping for a P&S; that would fill the niche between my iPhone and dSLR.  I had read great reviews of the S90 and the G11, and so I tried both out at our local camera shop.  For me, the S90 was easily superior to the G11.S90 vs G11:1.  The image sensor is the same, so theoretically the image quality should be the same.2. The S90 is fully manual, including selecting aperture, shutter speed, ISO, etc.  The external controls are customizable, with one control ring on the back and one on the front, so that I don't have dig into menus.3. I don't find the lack of an optical viewfinder a problem - I just adapt by using only the screen, which is very bright and easily visible even in sunshine.4. The S90 is very compact (much smaller than the G11) and feels sturdy as a brick (as opposed to the G11, which feels flimsier and plasticky).5. The S90 is $50 cheaper.Performance so far:1. I have been very impressed with high ISO performance: 400 is fine, 800 is usable and even 1600 can be used in a pinch.2. JPEG's out of the camera come out quite nicely, if that's your preference.  However, I shoot RAW, so this is irrelevant to me.3. Shooting at f/2 is really nice - getting thin DOF and some bokeh on a P&S; is a pleasant surprise (though see con #4 below).4. Workflow: I shoot RAW with Adobe (Camera Raw & Photoshop) post-processing, and the results are OK.  Canon's own post-processing software (bundled for free with the camera) does a better job with noise reduction (making 800 and 1600 usable) and with correcting barrel distortion (see below).Cons:1. The rear control ring is loose; when in Aperture priority mode, this ring controls exposure compensation - so it's easy to change the exposure by accident.2. The flash pops up using a cool servo motor mechanism, but it's in a strange place: right where your left forefinger ought to be.3. Terrible barrel distortion - again, Canon's software fixes this, but if you use ACR & PS, you have to fix it yourself.4. This is a variable aperture lens: it's f/2 only on the wide end, and the minimum aperture shrinks considerably (4.9) at the telephoto end.5. Alas, it's only a P&S.;  It's great for getting a shot when you don't have your gear or when it's inconvenient to have it (e.g., when I shot in 4-degree weather on ice), but it's IQ is nowhwere near an SLR's.6. Video is SD, not HD.  This doesn't matter to me.  You can't change settings while shooting video - that's a bummer.Bottom line:I very highly recommend it as a photographer's always-with-me-camera.  Its only competition in the same price range is the Panasonic Lumix LX3, which is over a year old now.  You could get a micro-4/3 camera (e.g., Panasonic GF1 or Olympus PEN), but it will cost twice as much.  It is, needless to say, far superior to the iPhone camera.