Although I ended up buying the e510, the reasons might be of interest to people considering the e520 since both are still on the market. To be sure, these cameras have much in common. They both rate excellent image quality, resolution, color accuracy, very low to low noise from ISO 100 to 1600, and very high shadow detail. In addition, they are both of similar shape and easy to hold and handle. Further, like all Olympus DSLRs they are sturdy and have a low frequency of repair rate.The e 520 improves on the e510 or adds the following features:1) slightly improved dynamic range,2) face detection,3) ability to fire an Olympus flash remotely and still use TTL (the e510 can do this only on manual)4) bigger LCD screen (2.7" vs. 2.5"),5) faster processor, and6) more scenes and profiles.However, the e510:1) is slightly smaller2) is slightly lighter,3) focuses a little faster, and4) can be had for less than $550 with 2 lenses.Size and weight were important in my decision because I take my cameras hiking and the added features of the e520 were not ones I considered deal breakers. However, it was the price of the 2 lens package that tipped me over the edge to buy the e510 as opposed to the e520.While these are both very good, sturdy cameras there are some annoyances they share.1. Both apparently have trouble focusing in low light. But, my experience says it has to be pretty dark for this to be a real problem.2. I was aware of the low light focus problem when I bought the camera and figured one can always switch to manual focus. But, the focus ring on the lens requires a lot of movement making straight manual focus less useful than I had hoped it would be. Fortunately, Olympus includes a mode where you can auto-focus and then touch up manually.3. Live view works but, compared to point and shoot cameras, is clunky and will never replace using the viewfinder, not that I want to. (I suspect this is true of all DSLR's with the possible exception of Sony and the cheapest camera they have with a Live View equivalent, the A300, costs more.) Live View is perhaps best reserved for macro shots.4. I'm not sure if this is true of the e520, but on the e510 Live View seems to drain the battery at a very rapid rate. I'd be surprised if I could get 60 Live View pictures from a battery charge. (I've never seen this mentioned in reviews and would be curious if anyone else has had this experience.) However, I do believe the claim of about 500 shots without Live View.I started photography using a 4 x 5 Speed Graflex (yes I know this dates me), graduated to a Canon film rangefinder, and Nikon film SLRs all the while doing my own darkroom work in B&W.; I enjoyed the manual aspects of these early cameras I used and with my digital point and shoots cameras missed easy manual adjustments. I bought this camera so that it would be easier for me to be creative, that is, adjust ISO, f-stop, shutter speed, white balance, etc. And, compared to my Panasonic FZ5, the e510 is much easier to adjust, but still not as easy as my film cameras (not that I would give up digital photography or the digital darkroom). Magazine articles have noted that the menu system is complicated. I don't find this to be true, but then I'm used to Windows. In fact, I find most everything is easily accessible and, at most, just a few clicks away.As noted above, image quality is excellent. I have yet to try RAW because the SHQ JPEG's with minimal compression (1:2.7) are reputed to be as good as RAW. But, as with all cameras with high mp sensors, be prepared for large files; these SHQ images are 6 - 7 mb. Of course, if you want the image quality advantage of a DSLR large file size is inevitable.All in all I am happy with the e510. It is a good sturdy camera that produces excellent images. The lenses are lightweight and well matched to the camera. However, with advances in sensor design, I suspect that in the near future superzoom cameras such as the Panasonic FZ28 will provide image quality similar to today's DSLR without the price, bulk, or necessity to carry an extra lens. For folks who don't want to fuss with a camera or extra lenses but want a large range of lens focal lengths, superzooms might already be a better choice than a DSLR.