I do have tender feelings for Pentax cameras. I used Pentax DSLRs for years, first k10, later k20 and now I have been trying K7. Sorry to say, but I'm going to return the camera for a refund. It feels awesome in hand (just like all Pentax bodies I used) it has an edge in advanced features, unfortunately, for my taste it is severely lacking in image quality. The image simply isn't sharp, even after calibration it is not. The kit lens, while feels TERRIFIC, with nice resistance, nothing sloppy about it, they can't get the job done. I never had issues with Pentax kit lens before in my life!The image isn't clean enough. I  can see a junk in JPG images in dark areas even on ISO100. The noise coupled with out of focus images as you can imagine, doesn't translate into quality pictures. To say, the AF speed is SUPER FAST, it is as fast, in fact, as once "world fastest AF" Minolta Maxxum 7 was, that is very fast. May be the lens in my kit is defective, but overall it doesn't make a good impression. I really wanted to love it, but I can't stand the IQ. To correct the situation I would need much more expensive (and much heavier) lens, and I find myself in completely different ballpark, in over $1.5k area, where are so many compelling choices (with much greater choice of better and inexpensive zoom lenses).I don't want stepping into discussion of Pentax details preservation vs. Canon destructive noise reduction, but all things considered, and while the RAW images are equally good, Canon has WAY better Jpeg techniques and its out of camera jpegs are superior to these of Pentax.Another issue is the resin Pentax uses on the handle. First it is not very well clued, I feel like it moves under my fingers, and second, it attracts the dust like magnet! In fact the micropores in the resin on a grip and back (thumb), absorbs the dust and I can't get it out of there even with washing and brushing! It is very poor choice of material. It is very annoying to have a dust in resin pores on a grip!In short, while made of magnesium allow, nicely sculpted, having cool features, etc, it is not up to a claim in image quality, and I can tell its Malaysian assembly quality is FAR FAR AWAY from real Japanese quality of assembly by similarly priced Canon and Nikon.I really can't care less for its movie modes, but why two of three of its modes, having some lunacy resolution? WHY? It makes it completely useless as you can't combine the footage with other sources in a timeline! If one has a pile of Pentax equipment accumulated during the years, it makes sense to get the camera. Why anybody else would bother, I can't tell.Well, I do have some Pentax equipment, some flashes, few lenses etc.all of which are going for sale. I will spend extra cash, but I want Japanese made camera body (especially considering it is Pentax's top model), with clean images and in-focus images.