I recently picked up photography. My first camera was a little Casio Exlim point-and-shoot that I bought for school projects. I soon found myself taking pictures of non-school related subjects. From there, I bought a Lumix ZS3 point and shoot, which had better image quality and a few more manual settings. Then I stepped it up to the Lumix FZ35, which had all of the basic manual controls, and decent image quality as well; however it lacked the image quality that I've been seeking. What does this have to do with the Pentax K-X? Well, if you have followed a similar path in photography, perhaps the points that I convey will be of use to you knowing the context from which they come from.I looked, and looked, and looked for a reasonably priced DSLR; I researched at nauseam comparing specs and sample pictures. I found 4 highly regarded DSLR's within my price range. The Pentax K-X, Nikon D5000, Canon T1i, and Olympus E620. I'll be brief and spare you the details. The Olympus was the least impressive, with the most impressive feature being it's articulated LCD screen. Image quality was just okay. The Canon appeared to produce the better image of the four, but only just. However the Canon struggles in low-light; I'm a fan of low light, so I checked the Canon off of my list (It was also the most expensive of the four, by $150 or so.). That left me with the Pentax and Nikon...image quality was most important to me, followed by specification, then features. Both the Nikon and Pentax use a similar sensor...however, the Nikon's images tend to be softer, as opposed to the Pentax which produces sharper and more true-to-color images. Both perform well in low light conditions, however the Pentax maintains greater details, as the Nikon's image softens as light decreases. In my research, the Pentax's performance in low light conditions was often compared to high-end DSLRs in performance.Video was not a must for me, but a convenient feature, and both the Nikon and Pentax have HD video. Really, the only significant feature that Nikon has over the Pentax...an articulated screen. However, a feature that Pentax has over Nikon are lenses, and the convenience of being able to mount the Pentax K-X with just about every lens that Pentax has ever made (At a somewhat affordable price too!). I was sold on the Pentax, so I bought the camera. Here's a good old fashioned pros and cons list.PROSimage qualitylow light shooting performancecomes with a pretty good kit lensHD videosome cool digital filters including color extract and fish eyeHDR capture (Although, not quite as good when produced through software...still, a fun feature.)fast AF through the view finderquick and easy manual controlscompact yet feels like a serious piece of equipmentany Pentax lens can be mountedvery affordableAF/MF switch...helps when the AF struggles to focus on your subject, whether because of the lighting or compositionfires at 4.7 frames per second!30 seconds to 1/6000 of a second shutter speedF stop down to 40CONSlive view AF takes about 2-3 secondsmenu takes some getting used to (not a big deal)HD video is adequate but not greatimage quality is good, but it's not a big jump from some higher end compacts (like my Lumix FZ35)Overall, this is a good first DSLR camera, and even a pretty good back-up, I would think, for more serious photographers. If you want a nice package at a nice price, you can't do any better than this Pentax.