I have been using this camera for about a month and it is fantastic! I have taken photos using both theautomatic intelligence mode, where the camera does all the settings, and the My Picture mode, where youcan choose options such as ISO, flash settings and so forth. I have also tried various optical zoom lengths.Some of the pictures were taken in less-than-optimal conditions, like in the rain and under fluorescent lights.All of them came out great, sharp and with excellent color. I have noted several  reviews that mentionproblems with color rendition. All of my images have been taken using the "Natural" setting, which isone of several "color bias" settings. It is worth noting that the color bias selected will be used evenwhen the iA mode is selected and, before I realized that, I had some pictures with terrible colorbecause I had left the camera set to "Vivid". I have not yet used Macro but have tried various opticalzoom lengths and have not had any of the problems with poor focus or decreased clarity, also mentionedin some reviews. I have posted several images. The 4 kitten pictures were taken under fluorescent lightand the leaves and flower were taken in the rain. All were done using the highest resolution setting,automatic white balance and "natural" color setting and ISO 200. The camera was hand-held. No editingwas done except for cropping of the images of the white kitten (the full image pre-crop is also shown)and the book/leaves. Both were tightly cropped to the center portion of the image, and remain verysharp and detailed. I am especially impressed by the white kitten, where multiple tones of white can beseen.  I was concerned at first by the lack of a detailed manual instead of just a CD and I originallyplanned to print out the manual after loading it on my computer, so I could have carry-along instructions.However, after going through the manual, most of the settings are easy to find and use and I may onlyprint a couple of the more difficult to find directions, like how to format an SD card.  This is a wonderfulcamera which takes excellent pictures and I am very glad I purchased it, despite the negative reviews.Additional information: I have now been using this camera for 7 months and still love it. The onlycriticism I have is in regard to the lever used to zoom; it is small, with a narrow range of motionand it can be difficult to stop at the exact distance you want.  It is a minimal problem but onethat can interfere with my photographing my favorite subjects; kittens waiting for Forever Homes at theSPCA. I have also discovered that this camera has a surprisingly powerful flash that can "wash out"pictures if I am not careful. I prefer natural light pictures, so I keep the flash turned off forboth IA and normal picture settings and set the sensitivity at 200 or 400. Even in low light, thepictures look very good and I have posted a couple on this site as illustrations.