I bought this camera 20 days ago from amazon.com for slightly more than the current price and have taken about 500 pics with it already in all lighting conditions and have been happy with the results. I love taking closeups of my daughter and Canon offers 12 modes in all including a closeup potrait mode which is very useful. I am quite happy with this camera as it offers manual control along with the usual Canon features and it is easy to create some special effects. I am just learning photography and this camera has a great price with good features for this purpose. The software is easy to use and if you have Windows XP it downloads the images through the scanner and camera wizard even if you dont wan't to use the software that comes with the camera. I have used the photostich software the most which is quite easy to use, and took some great pictures with it. The image and video software is also quite easy to use and gives good results.The only drawback to me was that this camera is not as small as the ELPH series and I have to carry it in my handbag instead of my pocket to avoid creating an ugly bulge. But it is still small enough to whip it out quickly and take shots. ...Update after 6 months, Oct 2003:For the price and the features this camera is still hard to beat. I still maintain my opinion above after taking about 2500 photographs. This camera has been tested to have the greatest number of shots from the 4AA batteries it uses. And I usually am able to take anywhere between 350-500 pictures with one set of rechargaeable Ni-MH batteries. I have used the sepia tones in the special effects to take some very special pics and many landscapes with the photostitch software. The full manual controls for this price is a good deal and I have been happy playing the rookie photographer. If you just want to point and shoot you probably do not need the features on this camera and you can go in for lighter versions, but if you want to be a little creative its a cheap first camera to have which lets you play around with different modes and manual controls. The movie mode is quite good too and with a larger memory Compact Flash card you can make respectable clips to send off to your friends.The only small complaints I have are that there is a time lag between when you press the button to when the picture gets taken and its hard to take action shots. But this is a feature of all Canon digital and film cameras and if you have used one you know what I am talking about. The other problem is that sometimes the Autofocus does not give as good pictures as my Canon 35mm film camera - Powershot used to give. But at these times I am glad that I can set the white balance manually!