The Good:With the quality and dependabilty individuals have come to rely on for years, Olympus has done it again and come out with another wonderful camera.  The Stylus 850 SW is WONDERFUL!  It lives up to every expectation I had of it so far, and is still suprising me.  Some people have been saying the picture can be grainy and yes, it can be... if you have it on some strangely high ISO setting inside for no real reason!  This camera comes with all the presets you could ever want, including settings for candlelight, behind glass, online auctions, regular portraits, self-portraits, food, AND fireworks!  The 'favorites' menu is genius; ever want to show someone a picture you took and you have to go through all 286 vacation photos to find that ONE picture? No more! With 'favorites,' you can set pictures that you have taken as a favorite, and then when you want to get directly to them, simply turn the selector wheel to the star ('favorites') and all your favorite pictures are in one place, no searching required.  There is even editing available right on the camera so you don't have to wait to get home to take out the red eye or shadows in that great shot of Aunt Martha.  With the fun 'frame' edit, you can even put her newly red eye free picture in a 'frame,' right on your camera!  Then just hook it up to a printer at a local computer place and voila!  Great for the accident prone short person such as myself.  Being 5'4", I'm probably not going to drop the camera from more than 5', which just happens to be what it is rated for so this is a match made in heaven.  Simply simple, simply AMAZING!The Bad:- Some reviews have stated that if you do happen to take this camera on an underwater adventure, to be sure and keep a good hold on it because it sinks like a lead weight.  I can see why.  Not the lightest camera ever made.  Lighter than my 3mp Olympus from the dinosaur age by a number of pounds, but they make the floating strap for a reason.- I'm a little saddened by the battery situation.  Every time you need to charge it, you have to take it out of the camera, which makes you reset the date and time every time you put the battery back in.  Not a huge issue, just may get a little annoying after awhile.  Plus, repetitive removal of the battery could lead to dust or other particles getting in the battery door, making the waterproof function, well, MAL-function.  Just be very careful, read the directions and follow them to a T.- Didn't come with a screen protector.  Traditional screen protectors aren't waterproof, so I'm wondering how expensive its going to get to buy screen protectors for this camera...  It isn't a big deal since the camera is waterproof so you can just wash off anything icky that may get on it, but it would be nice for scratches and such.  They do make silicon protectors for the outside of the camera that fit it like a glove, which is great for protecting the body.