I bought this camera to replace my Olympus Stylus 770SW that recently failed due to a water leak after 4 years of moderate use.  I hadn't realized Olympus recommends changing the protective seal every year, so maybe that was the cause.  I was very happy with my old camera, so decided to replace it with the current mode.  The Olympus 6020 seemed to fit the bill and came with a few new features.  I was excited to try it.I received my package in 2 days (love Amazon Prime!) but I have to be honest, I immediately wanted to return it.  I haven't yet, as I decided to see if it will grow on me.  To be fair, I am using my old Olympus as a baseline, so others may not have the same expectations.Pros1.  Uses a standard SD card.  The old version used a smaller version which meant I couldn't swap them out with other cameras (yes, we own several different digital cameras.)2.  I like the black body - very sleek.Cons1. To charge the battery, you leave the battery in the camera, open the slot where the batter/SD card are, and put the attach the charger to there.  This may sound silly, but I prefer a standalone charger.  Now I just have an extra cord I have to remember which divide it belongs to.  The old camera had a separate charger where I could put the batter in.  I just liked that set up better.  I still have the old charger, so I was hoping it would work, but the battery is different, so no luck.2.  Not Mac compatible.  I did some research and read it was Mac compatible, but not true.  Only compatible to download the manual (see # 3 below).  It is not compatible with the Mac software and users have reported issues in transferring pictures to a Mac.  I have done some research and understand there is other Olympus software that may work.  I will try that and report back.3. No manual with the camera.  Seriously.  Who doesn't provide a manual?  Well, technically they do, but it is inside the camera. So, you have to connect your camera to a PC and then read your manual online.  I don't generally read the manual cover to cover, but I do keep them in my camera case so when something crops up (on vacation, for example), I can check the manual and adjust.  Well, I won't be able to do that unless I am also toting around my laptop.  So, I guess I better read and memorize that manual, huh?I haven't actually taken any pictures with it yet.  We are going on a beach vacation in 10 days and I am still deciding whether to keep this or exchange it for something else.  Problem is, I can't find much else I like out there.  I don't understand why Olympus messed with a good product.  My old 770SW was great.  Maybe I should check for one still on the market.If I decide to keep the camera (which I probably will) I will report back on how it actually works.  I did invest in the highest grade memory card recommended by Olympus so that should help with speed.  The one flaw of the old Olympus was it was S-L-O-W!!!!So, all in all, this is an okay camera.  I just wish Olympus understood the phrase, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it!"