I can't write an in depth review of this camera because I simply don't have the knowledge of either cameras or photography. But I can tell you what I, as a rank amateur, like about it and why I chose it.This is the second Canon digital camera I've owned. Last year, I bought the Canon PowerShot SX120IS 10MP Digital Camera with 10x Optical Images Stabilized Zoom and 3-inch LCD (and wrote an Amazon review of it with the same opening sentence as this review as well as some other similar bits). I did a fair amount of research into brands and models before purchasing that camera and ended up loving it. It was very easy to use and met all of my relatively simple needs - right up to the moment I dropped it in the Strait of Juan de Fuca when I was ferrying back from Vancouver Island a few weeks ago. (Don't ask.)Because I'd been so happy with that camera, my first impulse was to pick up the same model as a replacement. But knowing how quickly technology seems to change, I decided to check out the new models before making a purchase. That's when I came across the SD4500IS . Admittedly, I was kind of seduced by its design - all sleek and shiny, just lying there tempting me (and I, for one, love the color). But I knew I wouldn't be happy with it unless, like the SX120IS, it met my criteria which is:1. Must be very simple to use. And I mean simple for ME - the aforementioned rank amateur.2. Must take decent pictures even for casual operators with very little experience (again, that would be me).3. Must have a fast shutter speed because grandkids and dogs can move really, REALLY fast.4. Must fit into my purse. (The new purse, with the zipper that I am counting on to pevent things from falling into the Strait of Juan de Fuca, or any other body of water, for that matter.)5. Most importantly, must have Canon's Optical Image Stabilizer.Canon's Optical Image Stabilizer is a feature I discovered in my search for cameras last year and which quickly became my new best friend. I have a tremor condition that causes fine shaking in my hands. It doesn't bother me and doesn't always affect close work, but it can make holding something steady - say, for instance, a camera - almost impossible. As you can guess, the result of that shakiness when snapping photos is, most often, lousy photos.The Optical Image Stabilizer is like a miracle for me. With it, I can take close ups that are startlingly clear - not every time, of course, but MOST times. And, in combination with a fast shutter speed, the Image Stabilizer really helps me to get some great shots - even action shots - of my grandkids and my dog. I love this feature and would never consider purchasing another camera without it. (Note: I uploaded a photo to the costumer image section for this camera, showing a picture of a Shooting Star flower - Dodecatheon - that I think demonstrates the detail I've been able to capture with the Optical Image Stabilizer.)I had a great salesman, Jeremy, who didn't mind taking some time with me. (Luckily for me, he spoke English in addition to Camera-Techy.) Cleverly picking up on the way I kept gazing longingly at the SD4500IS, Jeremy was able to persuade me that it would meet my needs just as well as the SX120IS had. Like the SX120IS, it's genuinely easy to to operate (even for me! I know! I was shocked, too!) and has the necessary fast shutter speed as well as the Image Stabilizer. It fits into my new purse. Jeremy assured me that if I was happy with the shots I was getting with the SX120IS, I would be equally or even more satisfied with those I would get with the SD4500IS. And, now that I've had a chance to use it, I can confirm that he was right - I'm getting shots that I consider terrific. Yeah!The following features on the SC4500IS also factored into my decision to buy it:1. The HD video capability. I've only used the video mode a couple of times to date (full disclosure: though Jeremy had shown me this feature, my son did have to help me "remember" how to both shoot and view videos), but the quality was truly wonderful. Even with my shaky hands, I was pretty impressed with the end product (and kind of amazed that I had done the filming). I don't have a separate video camera and I'm excited to have the option to shoot some videos on occasion, particularly when visiting the grandkids that live 2,000 miles from me.2. The high speed burst mode. I tried this out by taking some shots of my granddaughter playing frisbee with my dog. I really love the `stop-action shots' look and I think this feature is going to be a lot of fun. I enjoy messing around in Photoshop and I already have some ideas for how I can use pictures shot in this manner creatively.3. The low light performance system. I hadn't given this feature much thought until Jeremy was telling me about it. But because my house doesn't get a lot of natural light, particularly in the winter, I believe this will come to be a feature I really appreciate.Of course, its still very new but, so far, I'm loving the new camera and recommend it. While it cost more than the SX120IS, I'm satisfied with my purchase and don't regret spending the extra money. (I'll admit, it helped that I had a gift card.) However, if you're looking for something with a lower price tag, I still highly recommend the SX120IS as well, which is currently selling for nearly $100 less here on Amazon.