First, to address my star ratings.  Only four stars for portability, and only because I know that there are smaller cameras that fit more easily into a pocket.  You may  find this one to be a little tight in your front pants pocket.  I'm am quite pleased with the portability, however.  I bought a Canon case over the internet that I am quite pleased with.  It's called a canon PSC-900, and it's made for this camera.  Check out the reviews on amazon.com.  It's very low profile, and looks great. I gave two stars for the battery because the battery life is quite disappointing.  Today was the first day that I used the camera.  I didn't take many photos.  I'd guess maybe fortyish.  I did tinker with it last knight, exploring its various functions.  Today, I turned it off and on repeatedly, took photographs, and tried several different functions.  Next thing I knew, the battery icon was down to one bar, and blinking.  The battery life on my old Canon G1 puts this to shame.  Sure, it has a bigger battery.  But, hey, it's a old camera.  What happened to modern advances.  Even so, I don't plan to return the camera.  I'll just buy a back-up battery, and take my charger with me when I travel.  Notwithstanding the forgoing, I am very happy with this camera - so far.  I'm just an amateur photographer.  I take snapshots at family gatherings, etc.  But there's another part of me... my inner Ansel Adams, maybe an inner Cartier-Bresson, that yearns to breathe free.  I even bought an expensive film camera some time ago in the hopes that it might stir something deep inside me.  I bought an enlarger, too (with all that goes with it), so as to exercise complete creative control over the finished product.  No more letting those labs guys at Savon (or wherever) make me look like an amateur.  Well, unfortunately, I usually don't have my fancy film camera with me.  It's a hassle lugging it around, and it's hard to be discreet with that camera.  Also, I'm afraid I'll get mugged for my camera by some crackhead while I'm exploring my inner street photographer.  Oh, yea.  I still haven't taken the enlarger out of the box -and it's been a long time since I bought it.  A very long time.  The S90 was a breath of fresh air.  I really enjoyed taking pictures with it, today.  I was able to mingle with the crowd, and go pretty much unnoticed.  I took a few pictures that I was fairly happy with, and I thought the camera was easy to use.  With a little practice, I'll should be able to master its many features.  It has lot of good features that allow for creative control - and for such a small camera.  I printed out several of today's photos, and I was impressed by the image quality.  It feels solid, too.  It feels like a quality product.  I haven't used the software, yet.  So far, I've just used my basic Iphoto program, and tinkered with the photos a little.  I'm very pleased with the video, too.  I know, I know.  It isn't HD.  Hey, who am I?  Steven Speilberg?  I don't think so.  I'm not filming Raiders of the Lost Ark.  I'll just use it for small video clips of family and friends - treasured memories, to bring a smile to my face.  You know, I'll bet a talented, creative, photographer could make some amazing pictures on this camera.  Also, if I had the best camera money could buy, I'll bet my photos would still reveal me to be an amateur.  I think, for most people, this is a camera that they can have a lot of fun with, and take the occasional photo that they can feel quite proud of.  Well, this has just been a review of initial impressions.  I hope it helps.