What I was looking for:-- More advanced than a point-and-shoot, but not as complex as a DSLR-- Well-made-- Decent, basic video capability-- Comfortable to hold and manipulate-- High level zoom-- Price: Under $300What's Great About It:-- 2MB of internal memory in addition to a card slot.  I find that saving images to internal memory is much faster than saving to a card.  Camera also has functionality for transferring photos and video from internal memory to a card inside the camera.-- Appears to be very well-made.  Although the casing is made of plastic, the camera looks and feels very solid.  My impression is that this camera will last a long time.-- Weight:  A bit heavier than a point-and-shoot, but light enough that I can easily carry it with me most places.  Because of it's size, it doesn't fit in a pocket, but it does fit in a small carry-on or large purse.-- Consistent photo quality.  I'm consistently getting excellent outdoor photos and very good indoor photos.-- The 30x optical zoom works great.  I'm getting very clear outdoor pictures at full zoom.  Indoor zoomed pictures are slightly grainy, but that's true of many cameras in this price range.-- Option of varying the resolution from 3MP to 12MP.  I rarely need 12MP, so by using a lower resolution, I get many more images before having to transfer them to a card or computer.-- Video: Exactly what I was looking for.  Great for capturing events with family and friends.  Includes decent audio that can optionally be turned off.  With audio turned off, you can zoom while filming.-- Small, light-weight Li-Ion battery.  I'm getting about 300 photos and 10-15 minutes of video per charge.  Battery recharges in about 2 hours.  I just keep two additional batteries on hand, and I'm good to go in pretty much any situation.  (I found the best prices for extra batteries here on Amazon.)-- Price:  Great value for the price.  I got it on sale at a big-box store; worth every penny.-- Very good macro and super macro.  After a bit of a learning curve, I'm now consistently getting great macro and super-macro pictures.-- Filters:  These are more fun than I expected.  I didn't think I'd use them at all, but I do.  The "coloring book" filter is great for making personalized coloring books for the children in my life.-- Includes an option to add several seconds of audio to still pictures.  Very handy for quick descriptions of pictures so you don't forget later.-- Built-in Flash:  I like the fact that it the flash never pops-up automatically.  It will fire automatically in certain modes, but if you don't want the flash at all (and I often don't), you just leave the flash closed.Could be Better, but Do-Able:-- Size:  From an ergonomic standpoint, I wish it were a little bit larger.  Initially, my hands felt cramped when using the camera, but I got used to the size after about a month.-- Menu-based controls.  In terms of both convenience and ergonomics, I strongly prefer buttons and dials.  Buttons and dials are easier for me than going through menus.  Additionally, the control (a combination button/dial) that is used to access the menu is fairly small and almost flush to the back of the camera.  I have average-size hands, and it took me awhile before I was comfortable with the menu conroller.  I imagine this would be even more challenging for someone with larger hands.I initially planned to return the camera because of the ergonomic issues.  But I only found a couple of other cameras in my price range that were more comfortable ergonomically, and both of those had too many other negatives.  I've since found a more comfortable way to hold the Olympus and am gradually getting used to the menus.  The camera does such good job in auto mode that I often just leave it there and don't bother with other options.-- No view finder:  I wish it had one, but that is becoming less of an issue the more I use the camera.-- User Guide:  Entirely digital.  If you want hardcopy, you have to print the 70+ pages yourself.  The manual is pretty good, but I'd like to see a little more detail in some areas.-- Focusing:  It took me awhile to figure out how the camera focuses.  But now that I've gotten through the learning curve, I'm consistently getting very good pictures.-- Camera cannot be used right out of the box.  It must first be initialized, a process that requires connecting the camera to a computer.  At least for me, the initialization process was not very intuitive.-- Error messages: This is probably the camera's weakest point for me.  If I'm changing settings, I sometimes get an error message saying I can't choose a particular option because it conflicts with another setting already in place, but it doesn't tell me which one.  The user guide doesn't have a chart or summary explaining this, either.  So I'm left to either trial-and-error or digging through the lengthy manual to determine which settings work with each other and which do not.Bottom Line:I wanted a camera that was between a basic point-and-shoot and a DSLR and had basic video capability.  I also had a limited budget.  This camera fits the bill.