I purchased three Argus Bean cameras as gifts for our three young grandchildren. They were identical except in color, one being red, one pink, and one green.  A few days before Christmas I thought it would be wise to open them and be sure they would be ready to use on Christmas Day.  Good thing I did that, since I hadn't realized they would need a charge before the first use.The first problem arose regarding the charge.  A sticker on each camera said it needed one hour of charging before the first use.  I plugged one into my Mac since the "AC adapter" listed in the on-line manual as part of the basic equipment was not provided.  As I read further in the online manual, I saw that it stated that the camera required a 4-6-hour initial charge.  I decided to leave the camera plugged into the USB on my Mac overnight.There is no phone support available from Argus, but I did receive fairly quick email responses to my queries, the first of which related to the charging issues.  Initially I asked where the AC adapter was.  After a couple of confusing exchanges, I finally deduced that in that respect the online manual is not up to date.  There is no AC adapter provided.  The cameras must be charged through USB connections on a computer.The Argus rep then offered an instruction that I never found anywhere in the printed materials - that after the first charge the camera must be full discharged immediately and then recharged in order to preserve battery life.  My questions as to how one goes about fully discharging a camera that turns itself off after some predetermined number of seconds of no use were never answered, so I was unable to follow that instruction.After a full night of charging each camera, only one of them indicated it had a full charge.  The person on the Argus end of our email exchanges finally decided my three cameras must all be "old" since they wouldn't hold a full charge, and he/she offered me the chance to return them, but with no guarantee of what color camera I would receive as a replacement . . .  no suggestion of what I'd have to give my grandchildren in a couple of days as Christmas gifts.  We did not choose to return them, and I took a chance on presenting the cameras on Christmas with the best charge I could manage.Now that our kids have had their cameras for nearly two weeks, my daughter tells me that neither of the two that went to her family ever shows a full charge for more than the initial instant after disconnecting from the computer.  Yet my grandson has used his for days, including taking long videos, and the charge has not yet given out.  There must be something wrong with the way the degree of charge shows up on the camera screen, since the charge seems to last a very long time.  She is quite pleased with the cameras and their ease of use with her 5- and 7-year olds.Argus states that the photos taken by the Bean cannot be downloaded to a Mac.  I purchased three memory card readers since we are a family of Mac users, but I did not open them in case they were not needed.  Sure enough, the cable provided by Argus can be used to download to iPhoto on a Mac and the memory card readers were not needed.All in all it appears that these were good cameras for our 3, 5, and 7 year old grandchildren.  I just wish Argus had phone support - or at a minimum provided printed or email support that corresponded with the facts of the cameras themselves.