Reading reviews for these camera's will drive you crazy. This was my first purchase of any type of security camera.What I needed: the ability to monitor and capture video of my back porch, decent night vision a must.What I got: exactly that.Setup was easy.  If you're not technical at all I can see how some new terms might trip you up. Get the manual in PDF from foscam.us, the english isn't great but it walks you through getting it on wireless, setting up the external access (from the internet), and many of the other functions. It found my wireless network, i supplied the WPA2 pass phrase and it was connected. My camera will be about 15ft from my wireless router through two walls, frame rate viewing on my network is better than i expected. Frame over the internet isn't bad, a little jumpy but you can clearly make out what is happening.Installation: This camera requires 5V of DC power. Make sure you think about this when you place your camera. I had power in the ceiling of my porch and felt comfortable adding in a hidden box (yeah i know electricians but it's diagrammed so any subsequent homeowner will know it's there).  I have read mixed reviews about AIR802 splitter. Some say it works fine, others say the voltage drops after 10 feet and the camera won't stay on. Foscam sells a POE injector and splitter with selectable power switch to accommodate the 5V. that will set you back $50.  Standard POE is 48V!!! You should use a splitter with selectable power output!Email, DDNS, Recording settings: The setup for these was easy. For those that don't know, DDNS is how you will be able to access your camera remotely. I have my own domain and know my email settings by heart. If you want to use Gmail it has options for that built in. Yahoo, Hotmail, Outlook.com etc should work as well. Mine was emailing me within seconds of hitting Submit to save the settings.Operation: I really liked the scheduler for motion alarms.  You can adjust the sensitivity as well which is great because at setting 7 light wind blowing my trees was setting it off. Picture quality of the video isn't bad, just remember this isn't your HD Video cam or smart phone. ***Be warned it records in .AVI.***  iPhones will not play .AVI files. Night recording it easily sees to the end of my porch, which is just under 30ft.RECORDING: My biggest gripe. It only records while you have IE open and logged into the camera! So i had to write a custom script to upload videos automatically to my webspace via FTP. One way around this for the non-technical is to get a drop box account.  The videos are generally 50MB so a free dropbox account can hold around 2500 videos. Set it to save the recording (under User settings) to your dropbox synch folder. the FTP portion only uploads the same pictures it emails. Which I find kind of useless. The thing that i didn't like IE opens the page for the camera on startup (add a shortcut to the url in your startup folder) However it doesn't login automatically. So if your computer reboots for updates, you're not recording.Durability: My camera sat on my kitchen table facing a backdoor until I had time to mount it. It was knocked off twice, the second time broke the antennae off. Looking in the hole it appears a piece of metal connecting the external portion of the antennae has broken. However it still receives the wireless signal just fine and never skipped a beat. No reboot or anything. Mounted this shouldn't be an issue.Overall I'm very pleased with the camera.  MAKE SURE YOU GET THE WIDE ANGLE VERSION! 3.6MM lens!  I can't imagine having less viewable area than I have now. So the 6MM, 8MM, and 12MM lenses would only be useful to me in confined spaces. Also make sure you plan for power correctly.