I wouldn't pay so much attention to the first person's review seeing as how that person is rating a digital camera's score based on its video functions.So, most of you who are shopping for this camera probably are purchasing it as a first time camera (like I did) or possibly a gift for someone else.  I've been overly impressed with this camera.  It has a very nice macro lens (and mode) that's user friendly.  I can easily focus on subjects only 2.5" from my lens.  It's great for artistic purposes or if you just need to get the camera close to the subject matter.I chose this camera over others because it offered a 6x optical zoom which is easily out of the effective range of the flash.  This digital camera (like almost all) depends on the flash to maintain focus for the majority of its images.  For in-focus distance images (not scenery shots), say like a graduation, you'll need a tripod to obtain images with excellent clarity.  Since the flash will be out of range, you'll have to turn it off, but the camera needs to be incredibly still in order to obtain perfect images.With that said, the camera can do action shots.  I'm not too sure why the other person couldn't obtain shots without them being blurred, but I was able to capture images of my friends practicing kickboxing with no motion blur (which even surprised me).  Those images were obtained using the flash.  Not only that, but I've taken pictures while driving in my car and I captured an image of a van I was driving by and scenery on the side.  Doing 70mph pass the trees on the side of the road and getting almost no motion blur, I have trouble seeing as how the reviewer couldn't get pictures of his children running around.Clarity on images is excellent and grain is almost nonexistent.  The camera offers many modes including sports, continuous (two consecutive shots only), night (good night time color, but needs a tripod for sure), landscape (beautiful pictures), portait, and a few others.This is definitely a good starter camera, and like all cameras to effectively utilize all of the options available, you have to just learn how to use the camera for whatever situation needed.  My biggest complaint would have to go to the slow focusing/charging modes.  It makes it hard to capture moments when you're having to focus the subject first.  However, most cameras I've played with in this price range do not offer much faster, if at all, focus speeds.  It's the only camera I've seen with a 6x optical zoom (which is what you want, no digital zoom) under $300, and it also has an adapter ring if you'd ever like to upgrade your range.As far as the software, it's not anything spectacular but it worked for me.  Also, it's easy to use for those not too familiar with computers (slideshows, cd burning, etc.).  I'm running on Windows 98, and my computer recognized the camera as a massive storage device as well; however, if you follow the installation process correctly, the software should correct that problem (the manual advises not to connect the camera prior to installing the software).