My rating considers the class of camera and the price point.  So I am not comparing it to DSLRs or any other type or class.  My conclusion after my first thousand pictures is that you cannot do better for the money in quality or Fujifilm's advanced feature set.  If you want a compact camera that a novice can use effectively right out of the box, and grow with to an advanced level, give this great little camera your careful attention.Out of the box, I immediately liked separate manuals by language instead of fooling with a bulky bundle.  Good for a small camera bag or your pocket, as is the F200EXR itself.  And the whole manual is on their disc to load into your computer, Mac or PC.  I liked the fast charger for the battery.  Just enough time to load my computer, register on-line and set up the software, which I do not need to mix with other camera software.  But I do recommend ordering at least one extra battery along with the camera.  They are only $10 on Amazon and make life easier.Read the manual a bit while you wait for the charge light to go out.  This is a camera to grab and go in your pocket.  It has a wrist strap for added security while you carry.  The build quality is quite good.  You will want the F200 with you all the time.  It is even smaller than the Canon 97201S, just about the size of my cell phone and only twice as thick.  If you are planning on going into rugged country or conditions, I would still use a case to give it added protection.  There is a strong circumferential steel ring around the zoom, but it will not protect against a pointed shot at the center of the lens shutter, which is meant to keep out dust while reacting quickly to high shutter speeds.The exposure speeds cover a wide range.  One the low end, ISO 100 gives deep, saturated colors that remind me of even the ASA 25 of Kodak days gone b if you use the vivid setting.  I did not at all mind not having the ISO 64.  Dual Mode takes two shots with each click -- one flash and one ambient light.  I was surprised how often I was wrong about which one I thought would be better and how often you really want to keep both. Very handy.Noise reduction and stabilization corrections are effective.  If you are making too much vibration to handle easily, you are notified on screen.  I am used to the traditional view finder, but after a couple hundred shots, viewing through the screen proved adaptable and then more and more useful.Another handy feature is holding down the button during sequences of high action and letting it take rapid shots so you did not miss that little slice of the perfect moment.  How many times, while you released and went for the next, you were just a moment too late. I was pleased with the low light results as well in color and stability.  I got fine flatness of field with a 25w lamp photographing a page of print laying not quite flat at arm's length.  Fine sharpness.  The zoom gives a useful range, but do not mistake it for a special use where you want very powerful telephoto.When you want high resolution, go for 12mp.  Macro mode gives beautiful results.  Another advanced feature is Portrait Mode where the sensor is trained to detect faces and give them special treatment.  There is a setting to eliminate "red-eye" from flash.  Although you are primarily paying for quality, this camera is a good value only if you are the type of amateur who wants to take advantage of the many features and options available.  Even though you will be pleased on the first outing, the F200 is designed for those who want to grow with extended use.  You will learn to navigate easily through the dial, buttons and on-screen menus.  The best way is to concentrate on one feature or set of options at a time.  If you take notes of your settings for each shot, you will gain great insight and control.This review is more for the ambitious novice, so I did not go into the technical specs which you already advanced photographers can find and interpret easily enough.  If they meet your requirements, you will be gratified by the design, execution and results.