I ordered mine a little late to the game; my Canon 40D had the shutter fail, and I debated long and hard on what would be a true upgrade to that camera, without breaking the bank.I wasn't in the market for a full frame camera, so that narrowed it down to a used 50D (a new one cost more on Amazon at least than the 7D), the new 60D, or a new 7D.60D missed a few key points on my check-list - auto-focus is key in motorsports photography, which while not my primary focus is something I do frequently. Build quality was another concern, and it seemed as though Canon really dumbed the 60D down deliberately from the 50D (or 40D for that matter) to save a bit of manufacturing costs. Less dedicated buttons, no joystick, worse auto-focus, and while yes, it is cheaper by a few hundred dollars, my feeling of value for $ just wasn't met.The 50D I actually really liked; not a super upgrade from the 40D, and if I could have found a new one for $800 I probably would have gone with it. The fact that it cost the same or more than the 7D on every site I could find it on put it right off my list.Onto the 7D - first, the autofocus. Head and shoulders above the 40D, 50D, and 60D. It's sick. You have to use it to see what I'm talking about, but selectable area from the joystick, or 19 point selection, or autoselect; usable, and fast. I will say that the liveview has more issues with focus than without; this isn't something I use very often, but when I do, its noticeably slower. However, manual focus from liveview is great; a click of the + button and you can go from 5x to 10x magnification on the screen to get that perfect focus - the display is high quality and really helps lock in focus when you use it in this manner. Good for tripod/portrait shots (not something you'd use in situations requiring fast focus anyway)The menu system and features are very well laid out; if you've used a Canon camera this should all be familiar anyway, and there are a few extra bells and whistles coming from the 40D that I noticed; primarily autofocus but being able to limit autoISO is a nice feature as well (if you own this camera and don't have that, update your firmware). Ridiculously fast burst speed - I mean 8fps is getting close to full motion; if you need speed and don't have $8000 to spend on a camera, the argument is over, get the 7D.Image quality - better than the 40D which is to be expected, but not lightyears ahead. I'd expect images between the 50D and 7D to be fairly similar. Having the extra pixels to play with is always nice; 18MP for me is fairly future proof. I think excellent results can be had to ISO 1600 - very usable at 3200 for web based images; 6400 ISO is pushing it a bit but still usable for web and black and white.View finder is excellent. The autofocus and grid display are both unobtrusive and usable. Battery life is great. Camera is actually pretty lightweight, weather sealed as well.Is it with the $1200 Amazon charges? Yes. Is this a futureproof camera? For a mirrored full sized SLR, I'd say yes. I would never need a FASTER camera than this. I'd be hard pressed to justify more MP than this, even more so on an APS-C sensor. Digital cameras have just come so far from where they were a few years ago, and this being an older camera I think like film cameras of old will end up becoming a classic. I thought about buying this used, but I didn't want to have to worry about the shutter being replaced in a year, so I just bought it new.Video - no idea. Haven't shot any. Reviews show its fairly awesome, so thats as far as I can go with that.Honestly, I don't think there is a better Canon APS-C on the market at the moment, and the next version of this will likely cost $600 to $800 more. Hence, I just bought it new, and hope to enjoy it for years. Bottom line, if you need the speed, and the best auto focus system on the market (right up there with the 5D Mark II, Mark III, or 1D Mark II), I think you'd be happy with this purchase.If you don't and just want a decent APS-C camera? Save a few bucks and get the 60D.