I was given this camera by co-workers on 12/16/02.  I was asked what I wanted and my response was a digital camera because I couldn't seem to spend my own money on it.  The spending limit was $300.I went to Amazon and reviewed all the reviews.  I then went out and looked at the cameras.  I liked the Canon and that is what they got me.It is really nice.  It is easy to take pictures and wasn't too hard getting them to the PC.  It fits in a hip pocket.I have been dicking with and I have taken about 150 pictures.  Currently 75 pictures are still with me and I have deleted about 75.  I have e:mailed maybe 20.I am shooting the 640x480 mode in Superfine.  The pictures are about 150k.  It is really nice.  640x480 in the Fine mode are about 100k.Dad didn't like digital photo's because they wouldn't print very well.  As it turned out, my sister sent him scanned pictures of Polaroids.  He really disliked digital cameras due to the print quality.Once I amassed a quantity of photos, I began to print some.  While not perfect (with a cheap printer and regular paper), they were nice.Dad, who had better printing capabilities, denounced his dislike of digital cameras and asked politely for more pictures.  He is having great success printing them.I did buy more Flash Card memory.  I got the 128mb card at Price Club for $50.  I have a few pictures on the camera and it says I can take another 577 at the 640x480 superfine resolution.I will probably buy another battery (just because that is the type of person I am), but it has not been an issue.By the way, I haven't taken any pictures with my Canon Rebel since I got this camera and we haven't gone through the 5 rolls of film that was recently developed that we collected over the last few months.  I now have instant gratification.Digital cameras are very nice if you have kids and/or grandparents.  And the Canon S200 is easy to keep with you and actually take pictures with.  I haven't had much success with the movie mode, but from what I have seen, it can be very cool.Now that I know what it is all about, I would have bought it for myself.  The Canon S200 is a complete and robust package.The software that comes with the camera is pretty nice also (perhaps I have low expectations).  It is very easy to manage the photo's and also enhance them.  I am very happy.If you want some pictures of a awfully cute boy, let me know.  I also pasted a bunch of stuff into Word and created a PDF and it is really nice.Of course, I only have this robust camera made of metal in my hip pocket.  Perhaps some of those bigger plastic cameras are as nice, but you would have to prove it to me...I would have done 5 stars if the movie length (which I haven't had any success with yet) lasted to the end of your memory.  I haven't has success due to low light levels when there was a subject to shoot.  It works fine, the results were disappointing.Art