The science of the Super CCD sounds really good.  Choosing a sensor arrangement that allows the camera to bin adjacent pixels to increase the effective size of a photosite (at half the number of pixels, of course) is a good idea for reducing both chroma and luminance noise while maintaining a decent shutter speed.  The lower noise level should permit raising the effective ISO.In fact, the Super CCD works pretty well, but not for reducing noise.  It is excellent at extending the dynamic range of the sensor (with one half of the photosites capturing bright and one half capturing dim areas).  The camera has advanced firmware that allows it to do a number of tricks such as shooting 3 pictures in rapid sequence at the same ISO, shutter speed, and aperture, and averaging out the noise.  So long as the photog can hold the camera reasonably steady, this works surprisingly well.  It also has the ability to provide an apparently small depth of field, again by taking 3 pictures of the scene and somehow identifying the subject (closest object, I think) and making one shot of the subject and two of the distance, which it then blurs together.Unfortunately this trick is less well executed.  The background just looks as if somebody had blurred it uniformly, as putting a damp sponge on watercolors.  On one shot the camera even left a hole in the blur through which one could see a fairly sharp background.  Anyway, it only works at all when the subject is quite close to the camera.Even with vibration reduction it is almost impossible to get a sharp image at a 35mm effective "250 mm" focal length using a camera this small.  Hand shake and imperfections in the autofocus combine to limit the sharp zoom range to something significantly less, say around "175mm or 200 mm" equivalent focal length, if sharpness is important to you.  The lens is also deficient on native sharpness, and when there's a bright background the chromatic aberration (purple fringing) is annoying and not removed by the firmware/software in the camera.  Given the innovative firmware used elsewhere in the camera, some CA reduction and distortion correction should have been implemented.A reasonably sophisticated user will probably find that he or she reaches for the exposure compensation button fairly frequently.  I found that the meter just didn't deliver consistent results as you changed from, say, bright sunlight to an interior.  In addition the auto white balance was consistently off, and the presets didn't help a lot.  Pictures taken on a cloudy day were uniformly too blue, whether engaging the "shade" preset or using the AWB.  In compensation, the custom WB mode is very easy to use and works better than on most compacts.The F70EXR is beautifully built, a delight in the hand, and attractively styled.  It's just not as adept at doing bread and butter photography as it should be, even at the pretty low price it's sold for at Amazon.  I am mentally comparing it to a 3 year old Canon 710is and the brand new Canon S90, and have decided that I should return the F70EXR and give the S90 a try.