SEE image posted of Florida Sunset ... the colors do not show nearly  as well as the real digital Image but pretty Darn nice !!!This little guy is a good camera for the average family that takes snapshots at birthdays and vacations etc and ALSO for Photo Hobbyists like ME. The long lens and quality pictures it produces will make both sets Sit up and Take NoticeWhen I got my new little Fuji F70EXR.. I was hoping it was THE ONE And as you might expect from my title of this review, it filled almost all my expectations and then some. First this is small and compact with a nice metal case and will fit my purse or pocket well. In fact it is so thin for a 10x Optical Zoom camera that I had to check the box to be sure they didn't send me the wrong camera.  It is such a nice Tidy small camera that makes it a camera you can take with you everywhere.I did a side by side compareson with the Fuji F70EXR and my other super zoom cameras, one a Panasonic and the other a Samsung and the third a Canon. Taking the same shot with all 4 of them. Well again I am going to say the Vividness of the colors of the Fuji was very easy to see without any photo editing. The sharp clarity was easy to detect.Ok, what made this camera the best choice for me are a few items no other camera in the class offers:It has all the usual functions from the simple Auto function to totally Manual control and all the nice variations in the middle. All controlled by a simple small dial on the body of the camera. There are very few buttons to confuse the average user. A simple switch chg of the dial and It does video but not in HD. But what it does have that none of the others is a far Superior configuration to get the BEST and SHARPEST PICTURES. YES !!  *1. it has got this new Super Sensor.. what that means to me is it make much better and sharper pictures.than any competitor in this size and features.( I have several competitors in my camera bag)  *2. it has not ONE not TWO but THREE levels of Image Stabilization.. WOW WOW... no unintended blurry pictures even when hand holding this long zoom.  * 3.- a few other bells and whistle items that allows me to make SUPER Sharp picture.. i.e. the increased dynamic range,Color Filter Array which arranges the way red and blue pixels are placed amongst green pixels These are the things you usually only get on higher end cameras.  * 4. And possibly the the Biggest WOW for ME was it's also capable of combining two or three shots together to form a single image using the function called Pro Low-Light and Pro Focus modes. This lets you capture a photo where the person or thing your taking the picture of, is as sharply focused as possible. You get this super crisp shot against a defocused background and foreground. Great for Pictures of your kids or nature shots, or animals in the fields or anything that needs `lifting' from its background. The is achieved by just one chg in the camera ..... Another Big WOW  Now if that is too much technical jargon for you lets just say, in my opinion, this camera will give you the richest and most vibrant shots of any camera in the super zoom, point and shoot category, at this time.They didn't add that Super Sensor for nothing..  I went to the beach and did both Sunrise shots as well later in the day to do the sunset shotsand WOW ! The glow on the ocean was amazing. The colors were so vivid. The orange sunset was stunning. I have another super zoom camera that is like 3 months old but the colors that this Fuji produces is just outstanding.  I am going over to Cape Canaveral in November for a night time Space shuttle launch and visit the National Park there and I can't wait to take this little thing along. The only Con's I can see with this camera :  The only thing missing on this camera is a HD video and it is disturbing to hear the sound of the shutter moving on the audio but again I don't use my camera for videos so that doens't make an issue in my choice with this camera.. It does video but not in HD.. but really, I do so little video with my point and shoot cameras. Does it make all that much difference ??? Not to me......... I would RATHER get these RICH VIBRANT COLORS that are SUPER SHARP... in my digital photos..Thank you,Fuji I am a Happy Camper..