I purchased this camera a month ago or more after almost buying the G11, and have taken about a thousand photos with it so far.I couldn't be happier with the wide lens, aperture control ring, manual functions, scene pre-settings, overall low light performance, and ease of customization this little camera offers. Even love the minimal black design of it. I had high expectations with this camera based on its price ($400) and the Canon name (still have an old AE-1 from 1982 and used an ELPH powershot extensively), and as far as image quality I can't really find any faults. Its JPEGs are hardly better than those from cameras costing less than half as much; the RAW images on the other hand are stunning. The included software is necessary however to convert the raw CR2 files into Tiff files for Photoshop. Bundled with the included software is a PhotoStitch program that allows you to 'stitch' individual shots together to make panormas. Very cool.I'm using it almost daily and haven't yet gotten over how powerful this point and shoot is. There is even a simple 3x3 grid you can turn on to help you compose in the frame: can't begin to say how useful that is. It even brackets.The real disappointment here is the build quality. I've never used a Canon product that felt so shoddy. An ELPH PowerShot I used years ago felt considerably more solid than this--overall more dense and metallic. The camera body seems decent enough, but the plastic dials, especially the menu control, are so sloppy that the camera creaks and rattles as you handle it. While that could be overlooked in a Happy Meal toy, this is a $400 camera.It seems I may have used the flash accidentally once or twice (I keep it off) but if I depended on it I might be a little wary of its constant popping up as I'm sure its just a flimsy, plastic rack and pinion mechanism. The location of the flash is unfortunate in that it pops into left my hand as I try to shoot...the only other hand-hold would seem to be cupping the body from below, or shooting one-handed. Again not using the flash makes this a non-issue for me, I'd be just as happy if Canon left the flash off entirely or at least integrated it into the body to simplify the design.Other reviewers have criticized the battery life...this hasn't been much of an issue for me. I keep the camera off between shots, have the LCD turned down a bit, rarely use the movie mode and flash, so I can get perhaps three days of casual shooting off a single charge. A full heavy day of shooting will drain the battery, but I can live with that. If you were taking this camera on an extended trip to some remote locale a spare battery would be a necessity.As I keep it off when I'm not shooting it does take a bit longer than feels necessary to start up and auto-focus when I want shoot: maybe 3-4 secs or so. When you're in a hurry to catch something that can feel like a long delay.Overall this is an excellent camera that puts all the functions I wanted (RAW shooting, wide lens, full suite of manual settings and f-stop adjustments) and then some in my back pocket. There's certainly better cameras out there (the G11 is only marginally more expensive), but none I'd want to haul around on a daily basis. Hopefully somebody at Canon is checking these product reviews and the next generation S90 will feel like the smooth, solidly-built slab of metal the older PowerShots were.