I bought this camera in January 2008 (now December 2011) and I am just beginning to discover what a fine little camera it is. Way back when I purchased it I had wanted something idiot proof to keep in my pocket so I would be able to take either pictures or video on a moments notice and being a bit of a techno phobe I didn't want anything complicated. I've relied entirely on the auto settings over the years and have taken some decent shots - even a few really spectacular ones - but recently I was looking to get a little better results than what I had seen from this camera. In researching my potential upgrade I went back to the beginning to see what drew me to this camera in the first place and in doing so found out that I had only been using a mere fraction of this camera's many capabilities.It came with a basic instruction book which I *had* read BUT  I hadn't paid attention to the fact that an expanded manual is found on the installation CD and that is where you can learn about how to bring out the best from this camera. I had been getting poor results with low light and indoor photos+video and the full manual has the fixes for those issues. I'm pretty excited about learning the fixes for those problems and also how to make the most of the 12.1 mp since I've been shooting with 3 mp this whole time! Then there's the whole new world of ISO and manual settings I have yet to explore.....Other reviews cover the technical aspects so just a couple of usage notes: I am using this with a Mac and it was exceptionally easy to set up with Leopard OS. The included cable makes it easy to transfer or view your images just don't lose it as it can't be replaced easily. The photos load automatically into iPhoto as well as the videos and the video files are small enough to export easily in MOV format. I haven't been as careful as I should have been with this camera, tossing it in my handbag without a case. The lens became stuck in the open position a couple of months ago, probably due to dust or grit from my handbag but a little compressed air fixed the issue. Other than that, trouble free since day one. This camera has a sturdy metal body; most cameras in this sub compact class these days are plastic painted to look like metal but this is the real deal and has a nice little weight to it. Battery life is great and recharges fairly quickly.I've added a photo which of a desert landscape which was taken from the passenger seat in a moving car, traveling at about 70 mph. I was really surprised how well the auto settings captured this shot; this photo also displays how well the camera responds to normal daylight conditions which is where it seems to really shine performance wise. Looking forward to getting equally spectacular results with my new found knowledge of low light and other settings.Still pleased with this purchase ....now more than ever!