As I mentioned in my prior review after I had used this camera for a while I would try and do an update well here we go. I have just finished filling a 4GB micro-drive with the E-300, and must say that I am still in awe of this camera.I had the chance to shoot it along with a 20D as well as an XT (Canon) not my cameras but ones that belonged to friends. I still have to put the Olympus at the top. Here's why- first off I take pictures for quality not for speed, if you are the type of photographer that shoots say sporting events, or horses, etc. then no doubt the Canons are your weapon of choice, Because lets face it Canon's "DIGIC 2" processor is truly amazing. But speed aside picture to picture I found the E-300 to be the best as far as over all picture quality and accuracy, and with the exception of the 20D far less noise at higher ISO's. Now I shoot a wide variety of pictures from sky scenes, to low light pix, as well as something I call "lightpainting" wich involves turing down the shutter speed (way Down) and cranking the ISO (as high as you can stand it!) So I guess the type of pictures I take covers the gamut of situations. Again, in each situation the EVOLT blew away the 2 Canons. the most amazing thing is that out of almost 550 shots I had only about 20 where the camera (or myself) had mis-read the shot, the 20D had twice as many (due to the camera) the Xt nearly three times!By mis reading I refer to under or over exsposure, and/or blurred images. All three cameras were set to the auto or "P" mode. The E-300 has also made me want to try flash photography again! Flash photography is an art unto itself and the E-300 made it possible for even myself to get decent results! The flash on the 20D is completely useless as far as I could tell either it was too hot, or too weak, the Xt didn't fair much better. Now before Canon fans call me a lunatic let me explain something the 2 Canon SLR's I used are in thier own right top of the line photographic weapons, more than worthy of the high praise and reviews they have recieved from pro and novice alike. Heck- I had an Xt in my hand ready to buy, until I saw the E-300 further down the counter and decided to check it out, In fact if I was ready to buy another SLR it more than likely would be the Xt (The 20D is just too damn high priced for what you REALLY get)The reason I love the Olympus over the others is the fact that the camera takes great pictures by nature not by settings, it relys on the ability to take amazing pictures at a varitey of situations on a extremely consistant basis. The Canons alas, do not, due to the fact that they are complicated to operate (especially the 20D) and the biggest being that they are not consistant in the quality of pictures they take. This is just my opinion if you love the Canons by all means buy one, but me...I'm staying with the EVOLT. You may take pictures faster, but I'll be taking em better! Happy Shooting!