I had a Kodak point and shoot touch screen but had problems with the software and speed of the camera. I came across this camera in a Best Buy first-day-release display and was ready to buy from moment one.Have you ever used your cell phone camera and you may have that small mirror little space for self-portraits? I'm  using it all the time - to now have great sized LCD in front is ideal. Friends are always making fun of my photos because I'm always trying to get in them but inevitably I've cut off a head or two.PROS: The touchscreen is responsive and big, I be lovin' me the haptic feedback (which is also adjustable, yay). The next, and this was amazing to me, it has BUILT IN PHOTO EDITING SOFTWARE. Both on the camera AND when you plug it into your machine. It automatically launches and helps you manage the photos - on ANY computer. It doesn't require ANY software install... I practically pee'd my pants when I saw this; why didn't someone think of this sooner? No worries about losing the disc, staying up to date, etc. Oy... brilliant.The LCD screen also acts as the count-down timer when you take timer-shots with a tri-pod or however, nice add-in, however, the timer is not adjustable (10 seconds only).CONS: First, when your taking self-shots people tend to stare at the LCD frame instead of in the lens, this causes two issues: 1) it looks like people aren't looking at the camera, and 2) the face detection technology uses an IR eye sensor, so if you don't look into the lens, it won't detect and lock onto the face. Second, I wish there were a one click, or one button activation of the LCD - you have to go to the menu option, then select the LCD mode each time you turn the camera on - annoying.Third, I wish there were photo keyword tagging like I had on my Kodak - this was INCREDIBLY, and unexpectedly, helpful when going on vacations, etc and taking hundreds on photos then uploading them to computer or Flickr and having them already tagged - I smell firmware update :::ahem:::Fourth, the memory card is a MICRO SD card, NOT a regular SD card. This A) means all your previous SD cards are incompatible and B) you cannot use the eye-fi wireless card now. I get why they went the Micro SD card route, because theoretically you can hot swap between your digital camera and a cell phone so that you can remote upload your photos - but I'd rather have to use an adapter and have a regular SD card slot with more options - bad move and was almost a deal breakerFifth, there's no quick way to delete a photo right after capturing it if you decide you don't want it. You have to hit the play button, then select delete, then confirm. What? Did someone say 'firmware update' :::cough cough:::Sixth, speaking of egotistical... proprietary Samsung connector jack for charging/PC connecting. Why you gots to hate on the micro/mini-USB connector? The Kodak used the mini-USB and it was nice to be able to charge from my iGo, now iGo in sadness.Seventh, and not too big of a deal, but I wish the playback volume/speaker for video was slightly louder. I'm not expecting Dolby Surround Sound here, but a little louder for the hearing impaired would be nice...Eighth, I wish the connector jack was on the side and more so because I wish the camera could also function as a USB web-cam. I mean, I'm not in the porn business or anything, but it'd be nice to consolidate devices where possible, right?Overall I'm incredibly pleased with the camera - some major pros and excellent features I didn't go into detail on, but if you do a yahoo search for technical reviews, you may run into several features that you'll end up finding really useful.