I purchased this Hauppauge WinTV-HVR-950Q TV Tuner a month or so ago...I am using a  laptop with Win 7 32 bit enterprise edition ( I was thinking of installing 64 bit WIN 7 one day ), 4 GIG Ram,  Intel HD Graphics video, for the Screen I am using an externally attached Samsung SyncMater 2243 , 8000:1 Dynamic Contrast.This Laptop is only used for television and this USB TV Tuner.So far this USB TV tuner is working well.The USB stick tends to get Hot after long term use.Wintv Software is not the best but useable.I have used this software to record old VCR Tapes to PC to convert to DVD.The Hauppauge WinTV-HVR-950Q TV Tuner comes with RCA connections which I also use with my satellite receiver.I have been using the WINtv software with the satellite as well.I have used the Windows Media to view the satellite TV, it does not work so well, it will not detect the RCA Connection Composite connection, I have read you need a special Win Media Remote for this option, which I do not feel I need to purchase. I am using this with a satellite; I change the channels with the satellite remote. Win Media will not detect the RCA Composite input; The Satellite Receiver has no Coaxial Output, only RCA, HDMI.I used an RF Modulator for the Out to the USB Coaxial Input, Win 7 Media Player did not detect the necessary Channel, and I had to manually add Channel 3 or 4.The Wintv software seems to be a better solution to this, it has not crashed yet, and the clarity is good.Using the USb Hauppauge WinTV-HVR-950Q TV Tuner as over the air reception, Win 7 Media works best for this.The Supplied remote works well. It takes some time for Win 7 Media to configure and find channels, once set up, works best. You can record Television as well.I use the Wintv software for the satellite, if my electricity goes out, I open the Win 7 media player, switch to over the air reception.I did try the QAM in Florida using Comcast, it detected a number of channels, but was unable to use as the channels were locked.I had no problems installing the drivers or the software needed on my Win 7 PC.For those whom might have a problem, uninstall the device from the system device manger, uninstall all software, then restart PC, then reinstall only the drivers, then the software.  (I installed on a different PC, this is what I had to do to correctly install)This can not replace a Real TV, there seems to be a Delay, I have not tried using this with a video game, when I select TV Guide on the Satellite, there is a 3 to 5 second delay. Using with Media Player there is an even greater delay, and sometimes the audio becomes out of sync. Restarting the PC usually fixes this. I am uncertain if this is the PC, Software or the Satellite.In the end, it is a fairly cool thing to have and use, especially if you're traveling, or your electricity goes out often.Update:::::::: 2/11/2012I have Changed my operating system in the dedicated laptop I am using to WIN 7 Ultimate 64 Bit, 4GB Ram, Intel HD Graphics video, for the Screen I am using an externally attached Samsung SyncMater 2243.I have connected the Wii via RCA / Composite Cable, open wintv7 go to Advanced Options then I  selected - Game Mode for analog ( Slip Disabled )there is no lag I can play video games .  The only down side is, the Slip is disabled which means while watching Live tv I can not rewind or pause.The USB Tuner itself gets very warm, the composite plug in seems loose I have to move it a little for the sound to work correctly.The wintv7 software if you select the update option will take you to the Wintv7 web page to Update the software after you pay for the update. I have not and will not be doing that.I have been using the wintv7 software for watching Satellite TV and playing the Wii, to change the Channel in the WInTv takes forever sometimes. If I watch over the air TV ( Rare that I do ) I use either Windows Media Center or Media Portal . Media Portal Software ( [...] ) is free and very interesting, a bit of a hassle to set up but does allot of interesting things such as You can watch what your TV Tuner card is tuned to on a different PC, if the main PC with tuner card has more than one tuner card a remote PC can change the channels, as if the tuner card was installed, and this is Free. The problem is it is a bit of a pain to set up. I am considering purchasing an additional TV Tuner Card for this purpose.One last observation.using the WintTV7 software. There is a folder named Pause Buffer, this folder holds the files livetv files, and this fills up fast, It seems if you restart the Wintv7 program it deletes these files, I have reach the Maximum space on my PC in this folder, I had to physically go in and delete these files. My hard drive is 148GB and this PC is used solely for this TV card. If you open the pause buffer folder, you can see these files being added as you watch TV.Update, attempted to use this with Linux and MythTV, really a hassle to get the drivers installed and this device to reconize. spend an extra few dollars and get the networked SiliconDust HDHomeRun DUAL High Definition Digital TV Tuner. Thou I havent gotten this to work with windows Media Center yet..