I purchased this item to use as a baby cam.I use video surveillance to monitor my home and needed a way to give my wife access on her droid device (Samsung Galaxy Tab) while at home and on the road (think nanny cam).I did purchase the Summer Baby Monitor but found it to be weak, very blotchy, and inaccessible from my mobile devises. No desktop use.I scanned various cameras at different price points. From cheap Chinese models all the way through the AXIS pro models. If you have the budget, the AXIS is by far superior to anything else out there on the consumer level (even commercial) in my opinion but at around $1000 price point.I decided on the Trendnet TV-IP422W for several reasons.a) Supports wired or wireless networkb) pan tilt zoom control (with 8 presets to quickly scan the room)c) Android access and full control with sound! You'd be surprised how many droid apps do not support sound. AXIS and TRENDnet are they only two I could find that included all the features listed here with sound on a droid.d) Again, sound to hear the baby. A very important feature for baby monitoring. Also has the capability to add an external speaker for 2 way communication.e) Remote viewing via DDNS so you can tap into your camera and sound from anywhere in the world you have internet access including from your mobile devices and desktop via your browser.f) Color. It's white. I really didn't want to make my baby's room look like a convict lived in thereg) Design. Again, I really didn't want a honkin' camera or dome camera in the room making it look like a jail cell. This camera at least looks friendly.h) Price! considering the features, it was worth every penny and is the same price as the Summer Baby Monitor.i) USB connection for external drive to act as a recording storage right at the device level for high quality captures.There are some things to consider. No support for iPhone (can't seem to get it going even with trendnets app). The wireless signal is bandwidth heavy (like any streaming AV) so if you don't have a strong router, you might be disappointed. Good news is that you can control the image quality that allows you to adjust to your bandwidth limitations. I run 3 wireless laptops, 3 mobile devices and 3 wired machines through my Belkin WNDR3700 dual band gigabit wireless N router along with a Belkin gigabit switch and it's very stable. My Cisco WRT54G2 with factory firmware and Cisco WRT54G1 with ddwrt firmware "upgrade" couldn't handle it at all.The camera acts as a baby monitor in the evening via the tablet on the nightstand streaming live video and audio, and plugged in and set to 'never sleep while plugged in', the tablet is very loud and the picture quality very acceptable and much better than the Summer Baby Monitor. I did degrade the image quality to better control bandwidth but it's legible, you can zoom in nicely, and the sound has about a 500ms to 1 second latency. As a mater of fact, as does the video stream. White noise is surprisingly low. I don't notice it most of the time but if the volume is over 70% it's pretty annoying but that's standard with all other solutions as well. Compared to the Summer Baby Monitor, quality is better with the biggest benefit being range. Summer's solution constantly dropped the signal which is extremely frustrating when you're trying to monitor your newborn while doing stuff around the house.My setup described above is much more stable but not perfect. It does drop the occasional signal but nothing too concerning as it picks it right back up in a minute or so. So far it has been perfect in every way for our needs and range is absolutely incredible.Next step is to wire the camera to an ad-hoc router via a powerline network (went with the Western Digital 200Mbps Livewire AV Kit - awaiting delivery from Amazon) to see if I can increase to a high quality stream without affecting the throughput of the main router and without having to run network cable across the house. My plan is to isolate the baby monitor network and only port forward from the main router when accessing from the outside and keeping the wireless to a minimum from the mobile devises to the router only. Theoretically it should work just fine but is yet to be determined and tested. Look for my review on the WD Livewire in a few weeks to see how it performs.Hope this helps someone!