I've fallen in love with a camera!The Canon S90 is 2009's  best of the smaller digital cameras for those who highly value a 28 mm wide lens, superb low light capability, manual control of shutter and aperture, and RAW capability.  There are numerous bonuses, such as the two programmable rings, and a third programmable button, for fast control of things like focus, exposure, ISO,  or white balance, instead of  scrolling through a hodge podge of menus. If you want a 10x zoom, interchangeable lenses, or a larger camera for your grip, look elsewhere.I don't like using flash, and the f 2.0 lens and superb high ISO resolution is wonderful. I took photos in a very dim restaurant of friends and  my food, and the photos are clean and fairly noise free at ISO 800, and quite good at  ISO 1600. Photos at 3200 are surprisingly good if shooting in dim light, not darkness. If you blow them up, sure you'll see noise, however on my wide screen monitor, they are quite good. The photos at 1600 and 3200 are not the quality of a new higher end Digital SLR, however at this ISO, they are far, far better than any other "point and shoot" sized camera to date. To be fair, the  S90's chip is a small fraction of the size of an APC or even full frame sensor chip, and thus does a wonderful job in low light. The S90  does "drop" image size to about 1.3 Megapixels to get the  ISO  3200 photo if light's truly dim. This is a minor drawback to some, not if  having "a decent" photo is far better than "no" photo to you.The LCD screen is large and bright. Focusing is easy. Overall picture quality, colr and macro photography are superb. The antishake  stabilizes  well-I take photos at 1/6 second, and letters on a menu in low light are sharp-slower speeds  than that and I brace my arms or camera.  While point and shoot cameras can take a few seconds between exposures, the S90 has a "continuous" setting in the "candle" low light mode and in "P" mode, that, as long as your finger presses the shutter button down, it lets you take numerous  photos slightly faster than every second, for over a dozen photos, if in decent light.One drawback-the expensive Canon OEM battery only gives ~200 shots. Canon should put in a more powerful battery. Some cheaper off brand NB-6L compatible batteries offer 1300 mAH instead of Canon's 1000 mAh  NB-6L, and folks have been happy with those batteries in other Canon cameras. 300 more mAh means 30% greater capacity, not a different voltage. Whether you buy Canon OEM, or another brand, it's best to have two batteries with you. Sometimes 3 batteries as a safety factor if you use the flash a bit,  take videos, and will be unable to charge up for a while, Play it safe if you are at a wedding, or once in a lifetime event. Another minor drawback-the back adjustment ring is looser than I'd like, as it can be moved too easily and change settings if you are not vigilant. The front ring around the lens is a dream to work with.I  use the Nikon D80 and D90 for serious work, and used to keep the Canon SD 850 in my pocket for photos anywhere, anytime. I am often indoors in low light , and the S90 trounces the SD850's mediocre ISO 400 and up performance. My S90 stays in hard carrying case on my pant's belt. While the S90 is just a tad too big for fitting in tighter jeans-it fits easily in looser pockets.This gets 5 stars, and I've just started to learn its many capabilities and quirks.