I purchased the Samsung NX100 a year ago and was very impressed with its performance. When the NX200 was announced, I knew that I wanted it but at $900 the camera was too much at the time. Thankfully, the price dropped so I could afford it. And, let me tell you, at less than $600.00 - the NX200 will compete against all comers.The APS-C size sensor gathers more light than its micro 4/3rds competition and the autofocus proved more than sufficient for me. Image quality is excellent OOC (out of camera) in Jpeg superfine. Everyone has their favorite photo editing software but there is not much need to use it if you don't want to when shooting Jpegs with the NX200. Raw shooters will likely be disappointed with the uncompressed files and write times. The latest Samsung firmware has helped me with Raw files but using a class 10 SD card a single image took 10-12 seconds to transfer from the buffer. Superfine - full resolution - Jpegs were done within two seconds!I liked the EVF on my NX100 but while shooting with the NX200, I didn't miss it. The AMOLED screen is bright enough for most outdoor photos, and indoors it is more than adequate; there is a brightness level in the menu options that you can set to bump up the clarity of the view screen.The NX200 has a magnesium alloy top and bottom plate but the wrapping is polycarbonite plastic. It feels lighter but more substantial than the NX100. It also has a slimmer profile which makes it all the more "stealthy" for street-shooters. Using the 16mm, 20mm or 30mm prime lenses makes the camera all the more portable than the included 18-55mm kit lens. This is not to mean that the kit lens is not portable, only that it is much longer than any of the Samsung NX primes.Summing up the positive aspects of this camera, I can say that it has a very low profile appearance - making it easy to carry and a godsend for street photography - the raised grip is comfortable but if you plan on holding it all day it does get heavy; best to have a bag or strap.Autofocus is fast and "S" mode at 1/500th of a second yielded superb results. Aperture priority "A" mode images at F4 and above were also excellent using the kit lens. However, with the focus lamp turned off, the camera did search for focus longer than would be desired.The Magic Frames and Smart Filters are kitchy, and nothing that you couldn't accomplish using your favorite photo editor. All the same, its nice to know they're available for in camera edits.Most importantly, the image quality is outstanding through ISO 800. Even better than using my Pentax K5 with a 18-135mm fully extended and shooting into backlit subjects. The kit lens on the NX200 had close to zero CA or purple fringing.Now for the negatives:Raw files are a pain. They take far too long to clear the buffer. The software provided is archaic.Videographers - buy something else. There is no mic jack, there is jello, and for as nice as 1080p is, Samsung could have made the camera more user friendly in the video dept.Ergonomics takes some getting used to using. The camera is small. Granted, it has a big sensor and lots of juicy megapixels...BUT...I found myself repeatedly bumping the 'single shot'/ 'multishot' toggle with my palm while walking around with it. I never had that problem with my NX100. Also worth noting is that the buttons on the NX200 are smaller than on its predecessor.Be prepared to get extra batteries and a different USB cable. I was able to get 155 images on a single charge; the provided USB cable is short. Unless you're using a laptop or a computer with front loading USB ports this could be a problem for you.I would highly recommend the Samsung NX200 to anyone interested in upgrading from a point and shoot, for those considering a compact camera system, and for DSLR users who desire a lighter load. If the lack of a viewfinder, slow Raw write speeds, and so-so video capabilities are not deal breakers for you, this could be the camera you've been waiting for.