I ordered the Olympus SP-800UZ, Silver, 14MP, 30X Wide OPT (26MM Wide), 3" LCD, LI50B, SD/SDH camera to replace my Fuji camera that I gave to my daughter for her birthday.  My Fuji was a good camera, I loved it, but it had so many features that I would get really confused trying to operate it, other than just point and shoot.  I read the reviews on the Olympus SP-800UZ, and was excited about the 30X Zoom that it provided.  I am an amature at taking photographs, but I love pictures, all the in's and out's of photography is more than I have patience for with any camera, so all I want is a good picture result, with whatever I use to take pictures with.  I could do without the video in a camera, for I have a video camcorder that I like to use when I do take video's.  I wasn't looking for that in a camera, but most I looked at with higher pixels and zoom features had the video as well.  I received my Olympus camera the next day after I ordered it.  Amazon is good to send the items I have ordered promptly.  My card didn't come till the third day after I received the camera, but that was ok, as I was getting use to the camera somewhat, and playing with the zoom.  I do really like the zoom, the menu seems nice and easy to understand as well.  One thing I did not like, is the software that came within the camera, of which I do not intend to use, I use Paint Shop Pro for my pictures.  I uninstalled the software after reviewing it, and just simply browsed thru my Paint Shop Pro software and received the pictures from the camera that way.  When I received the card I had purchased for use with the camera, I formated and that seemed to solve the problem of my computer hanging up when the camera would load the software, it seemed to just keep wanting to load the software for some reason, maybe I wasn't doing something right, but since I didn't like the camera's software anyways, problem with that was solved, or I hope so!  The manual I installed onto my computer, and kept.  The setup instructions was confusing to say the least, and the print was so tiny I had to use a magnifier to see it!  The zoom is nice, but when you are zoomed to full capacity it is hard to focus, the least movement blurs the image.  I will have to learn how to do that correctly.  I haven't taken but a few pictures to get the feel of the camera, but what pictures I took that I kept a steady hand was really nice.  It took the battery a long time to charge thru the computer, so I used the adapter after about 4 hours waiting.  I would have given a five star rating on first impression of this camera, I like how it feels, and once I get used to it's functions, and learn some about it I think I will grow to really love it, the only thing that wasn't to my liking was the included software with the camera, the tiny print of the Quick Start Instructions and it's lack of clarity in directions, and the charging of the battery time.  I have an extra battery due to come soon, and know right off that I will need one charged as back up, if I am to use my camera extensively.  I like dealing with Amazon, and I hope to love this camera eventually for it is nice in most all of it's features.  For someone who is not an expert either with camera's or the picture taking in's and out's, doing thing's manually with a camera, I think the menu within this camera will be a big help to me.  So on less than a week with the camera, so far I have worked around what I didn't like, and am pleased with the camera itself.  Who knows even the video feature might even come in handy for me.