I was really excited about getting this camera to test for Vine...that is, until I installed the software. Whenever I try to open the Bloggie software, I get a message that "Oops! Google Chrome could not connect to localhost:2468." This happens every single time, even if I make my default browser Firefox or try with IE. This seems to be a common problem; search for that message online and you'll come up with some hits for other people with the same problem. What seems to be the official solution is to either a) install it from a different browser, or 2) uninstall Chrome entirely and then install the software. I tried the first, downloading the software utility from the Sony website through Firefox, where I could definitely change my default browser and hope that it would work. Nope, same problem. Still opens up Chrome and gives me the same error message every time I try to open the Bloggie software. That means that my only solution left is to uninstall Chrome entirely to make this software work. Sorry, Sony, but Chrome is my default browser (and it is synced with my Android devices) and uninstalling it would cause me yet another headache just to make your software work. It is unacceptable to have the only solution to installing your software correctly to be that the user has to uninstall his or her browser. What about people with Chromebooks? They can't use this at all? There should be a disclaimer on the packaging that the software does not work with Chrome, or Sony should get its act together and make its software actually work.The camera itself is okay. The 3D is hard to look at on the small screen just because the screen isn't very good quality or maybe it's too small or something, and unfortunately I have no idea what it looks like on the computer since it won't work. For people like me who can't use the Bloggie software, it's possible to get to the camera files by using Windows Explorer; however, if you open up the 3D files they come up as two splitscreen videos, rather than meshing it into one. I can only guess that if the Bloggie software worked it would properly display these so that I could watch them in 3D. You also cannot zoom in 3D; you are stuck with the default zoom level. However, you can zoom in 2D (but not that much) and this works fine. Videos shot in 2D come out normally and are much easier to view on the LCD (and work fine on the computer). The camera can also take still shots by pressing a shutter button along the side (or along the top if the camera is being held sideways). The camera can also zoom in (again, not that much), and the quality is not that great if you zoom in too much. Navigating the "playback" area on the camera itself is fairly easy. The files get stored by date, which is actually kind of nice since if you know when a file was taken it makes it really easy to find it quickly. I could not get any videos, even the 2D, to work on my television (which isn't 3D; I just expected that at least the 2D videos would work). The photos displayed fine, but the huge screen only magnified the poor quality.I suppose if you aren't as attached to Chrome or Google as I am then this might be a good choice for you. The 2D camera seems to work okay, but why pay for a 3D camera if you can only use 2D? The 3D, as I said, seems to work fine; it's just not very easy to view it on the LCD screen. If Sony decides to make this compatible with Chrome then I would probably be able to give it a higher rating, as then I presume the 3D would actually be viewable on my computer through the Bloggie software. Until then I have to rate this down as a major disappointment.