This is the 4th "waterproof" digital camera I've owned.  With its SW line, Olympus has marketed itself as the manufacturer of the most robust point and shoot cameras.  In my experience, however, this camera is no more robust than those made by competitors (most notably Pentax, but others including Canon have now also entered this niche).  And it has a lot of annoyances to keep me from recommending it:Pros:1. Fast - very little shutter lag. Allows reasonably sharp action photos, especially in sport mode.2. Decent battery time3. Fairly rugged lcd4. Self-retracting lens cover protects underlying glass5. Adequate picture quality6. Fair video quality for a point and shoot (though see reservations below).Cons:1. Contrasty images with blown highlights in full sun2. Need to go through the special shooting mode menu every time you turn the camera on somewhat negates the speed advantage of sport mode - a significant consideration for a camera that is intended to be used for fun and sun3. Proprietary memory card (xD made by Olympus) limited to 2gb, meaning less capacity.  Competing cameras use SD card which are less expensive, enjoy use in a wide variety of electronic devices, and available  up to 32gb.  (xD cards from other companies - if you can find them - won't support full length video, nor will the even more awkward microSD card, which requires an adapter).  Furthermore, all but a few card readers on the market don't work with xD cards, so you'll have to keep your camera cable handy to download.  The lower capacity of xD means more frequent downloads (especially if you shoot videos very often, and because most card readers won't recognize xD cards you will need to keep you camera cable handy.  And if your camera fails with pictures left on the card you'll have to buy a compatible card reader to ever see them.3. Batteries of previous Oly SW cameras won't work in this one, if you're thinking of upgrading.4. Not that robust: leaked the very first (and only) time I snorkeled with it in salt water, though I was not close to its depth limit.  Oly did repair it under warranty, but the process was by no means seamless. (With the camera was a sheet that stated there was a depth meter - barometer - built into the camera confirming that warranty terms had not been violated, something I don't recall seeing in the manual).  The camera does not, in my experience, live up to its specifications and is not more shockproof or waterproof than competing models from other manufacturers.  Consider an extended warranty.5. The tiny icons on the mode selection wheel - there are 8 of them - wear off with use.  Mine are no longer legible, and the warranty repair did not address this.6. Unfortunate lens placement in the upper right hand corner of the camera body. Even after taking a couple thousand pictures with this camera, I still occasionally catch a part of one of the fingers of my steadying left hand in the image.  Overall ergonomics of this camera rate a C+ making it hard to shoot with one hand (in my case this is important as I am frequently holding a kayak paddle in the other).  My favorite in this regard was Sony's DSC U-60, long since discontinued.