By way of background, I've been using Nikon SLR's for nearly 30 years and have quite a bit of experience with film photography.I've been avoiding the switch to digital just as I avoided the switch to auto-focusing until earlier this year.After quite a bit of research, I decided on the Canon A70 as it seemed to offer the features I needed at a price that made sense. I really didn't know if I would enjoy digital or not so it wouldn't be much of a writeoff if I decided to stick with film. In fact, I've been a die-hard Nikon user but couldn't find an offering from Nikon that compared to the Canon A70.I've had the A70 for a few weeks and taken several hundred photos. During that period I haven't picked up any of my film cameras.Although it's only been a short time, I'm finding digital to be a revelation. The instant feedback I get on the LCD screen means that I don't have to worry about whether or not I "got the shot".Pros:Available manual metering with ability to customize flash outputSharp lensSeems pretty sturdy for a plasticam (it's not all metal as the ads would lead you to believe)Takes AA batteries...4 of 'em! I'm using 2000ma Powerex NIMH batteries and would recommend them to anyone.Cons:In any of the auto modes, the flash is a little too powerful for subjects within 8 feet.Hunts for focus in low-light situations. So does my Nikon N80 so that's not just Canon's problemCheap 16mb CF card. I bought a 256mb SanDisk with the camera and would recommend that you do too.Software is suitable for only simple tasks. The red eye remover is a joke. I'm ordering Adobe Elements 2.0 from Amazon today.Overall, I'm still learning about digital photography but find it very enjoyable and relatively simple. I'm sure that my film photography experience helps with the last part but the A70 is really a point and shoot camera even though I don't use it that way.I can't imagine a better camera for the money. I'm considering the purchase of a digital SLR which will probably be a Nikon so that I can use my current lenses. If I were starting from scratch I could just as easily go with a Canon.EDITED: Coming up on 1 year of ownership, I'm still generally satisfied with the quality of the camera. No problems whatsoever so maybe I'm lucky.Prints up to 8.5x11 are acceptable but barely so. I've found that almost every image needs some correction in PhotoShop to looks its best but I understand that every other digital camera requires the same.Frankly, I'm not all that impressed with the whole digital thing. While I can understand the convenience factor when taking the shot, the post processing of every image defeats the purpose. I've been holding off buying a DSLR until I see a large improvement in this area.Right now I find that I can get better quality by simply scanning the slides taken with my Nikon film cameras. If I have to fuss around in PhotoShop, I may as well start with as high a quality image as I can get.