Alright, so the basic features of this camera (minus the tilt shift and fish eye, and the resolution) are pretty much the same as a previous model i owned.I knew what to expect from this camera but with only a few slight improvements.  It was the exact same cost as the model I had before (which thoroughly impressed me), so I had no problem  switching it out for this one.The full touch screen made two-handed menu navigation much easier to get through versus having to use buttons with the right and thumb on the left.  basically you can safely hold the camera and use both thumbs (or even fingers depending on how you hold it) to use the screen.  I dig the fluff features like tapping the side to navigate the photos and clicking (think iphone/ipod touch).One piece that I will touch on here is the quality of the presets.  While there are certain scene settings you would use for certain situations (snow fireworks, etc) they do not do a thorough or specific enough job explaining when you'd want to use this versus the "P" (program).  The low light scene setting is the most disappointing.  You can't simply flip  it on and expect fantastic pictures as if you had a good natural light source.  The flash is a default with this, so if you're trying to get something close-up in a darker setting, beware.  Otherwise, the setting is OK with a flash, so long as you are not right up on the subject or trying to capture something reflective.  I simply have personal presets that I picked out to avoid using the flash at all.  Generally for low light settings, I opted to program my own so I can choose the ISO that fits it the best.  Just know that the higher you set the ISO, the grainer you pictures will become.  This is something that is a universal thing, not just specific to this camera.  The same goes with digital zoom.  This is a point/shoot camera so it DOES have limitations; I'm well aware of that, so if I need something i know it can't do, I just use my highzoom Fuji or DSLR NikonD3000.You can't have a single camera that is going to be able to do everything perfectly.  But I will say that unlike some other reviewers I found the quality that comes from this model in generalized scene settings or even auto is actually quite good compared to other cameras i've used over the years.As for the HD video. I have to agree on that point.  There was more that could have been done with it.  But you know what?  People forget this is a still-shot camera FIRST, and a VIDEO camera SECOND.  Video recording is an feature, not a function.  You will have less options and control with it.  same goes for video cameras that take still shots.  Often the MPs are lower, and the quality leaves a lot to be desired.  The only exceptions are some of the DSLRs with video features, but smooth zooming is often a problem for most people with those.  Solution?  If you want great HD video recording, get a video camera. There's nothing easier than that.Battery life is acceptable and about average compared to other model cameras, but if you plan on taking out for an entire day, I suggest picking up a second battery as a back-up. Being forced to use the LCD screen for everything drains the battery fast, but it does have an auto shut-off to conserve energy.  While some people don't use it, i will would have liked to have had a view finder, however the lack of one in now way kept me from buying this camera.Be weary of putting a screen protector on the back.  Unless you get one from Canon meant for this model camera, or from an authorized Canon dealer, you can damage the screen.  Having a screen protector can interfere with the touch-screen interface.This isn't the Magic Hat of cameras.  Everyone is going to have their own personal view on it and find things they love or hate.  My suggestion is if you can find a retail store with a working display, go look at it in person first.  That's the best way to judge if its going to suit your needs or not.  Or if you know someone who happens to have one, even better.  I've already gotten some beautiful 16x20 prints, and 18x24 is pretty good too (however at this size, you need to make sure your picture quality is top notch). If you're using a high ISO setting, or a longer shutter speed, use a tripod- the slightest shake in your shake WILL blur/ghost the image; again, that is something that happens to all cameras.  They sell a variety of smaller tripod (the grypton ones are fun and versatile).Perhaps in the future these limitations will be eliminated, but that remains to be seen.All in all, I knew what I was getting from this camera.  The price is exceptionally reasonable considering all you get.I'm not disappointed by any means, because I figured out very quickly how to manipulate the settings to get better picture than the scene settings could produce. It definitely suits my needs for this category of camera; I really just needed this guy to take around the town and on nights out, because who really wants to tote a DSLR with telephoto lenses or a clunky highzoom to a bar ;)