I have spent many hours trying to get this camera to work with my Buffalo Wireless Router.  I've talked to tech support twice, for a total of 5 hours.  Each person had a heavy accent so bad that most of the time, I had to ask them to repeat what they said.  Other times, I had to ask if they heard me.  Tech support gets one star, from me.I was at the point of considering buying a Trendnet router, then I decided to read the instructions.  First, my excuse:  I have a long career and even more experience in electronics.  Every good engineer, reads the instructions last!  Three minutes of reading the CD-ROM instructions and the camera was working wirelessly, versus five hours of tehcnical support!  I prefer to have quick-start instructions as a hard copy.I will add to this review once I have it mounted.  The camera produces a great deal of heat.  I would definately use the metal mounting bracket, to help dissipate the heat.  I hope this is normal, even though I have many small scale video cameras and none of them produce this much heat.  I'm going to leave mine on at least 24 hours before I mount it.The picture quality is good, considering the camera's use.  Don't expect HD or anything near it.  Yet, I was impressed by the picture quality.Update:  The heat dissipates well with the bracket.  (Still not mounted in the intended room.). Current problem is trying to view the live image on my iPad and iPhone.  I have installed several 'remote desktop' type programs all with the same result as just typing in the URL.  I get the Trendnet page, where the video image is seen, minus any video from the camera.  On the bottom left, all but one 'button' appears.Apparently, I still haven't learned from my tech. support experience as I called them again!  I felt this was a common problem, thatthe technical group would be familiar with and would know how to fix it.  WRONG!  I made three calls with three recommendations.  I followed each one, even though I had to purchase two remote applications.  All gave the same result:  The Trendnet page, but no video.  I booted up Safari on my laptop and I had live video even though the same buttons were missing.  I still haven't resolved this, but I haven't given up yet!Latest:  Once again, I gave up on tech. support.  I found "uCamPro.". This application has Trendnet as one of the web cams it supports.  Just enter the URL of the page that you see live video on.  Enter your user name and password.  The factory setting is "admin" for both.  My experiments have been with the camera close to my router and laptop as it is easier to set it up this way.With "uCamPro," I can monitor the camera on my laptop, iPad and iPhone.  There are other apps that will also work with Trendnets web cameras.  I hope that my mistakes will make your set-up easier.