My first real film camera was a Pentax Spotmatic 35mm SLR. My current film camera is still a Pentax Spotmatic. To those whom it matters, that should say it all.In the store, I compared the Coolpix 5700 with the Minolta Dimage 7i. The Minolta starts up faster, due to the manual zoom optical system. However, the musical tone it makes is very unprofessional and calls attention to itself. The Nikon does a mechanical initialize and then with a slight tone is ready; more like a pro's camera. The Minolta has larger displays (viewfinder and LCD) that make changing settings easier. (I wish the Nikon's displays were that size!) However, the Coolpix's LCD viewer (normally placed against the back of the camera to protect it from scratches) can be rotated to most any angle required, including downward to facilitate holding the camera overhead and still being able to compose shots. Try that on your 35mm film camera!For manual focussing, the Minolta has a manual focus ring, but it requires a lot of turns to go from infinite to macro (very slow if you are used to the focus ring of a 35mm SLR camera) and the display is pixelated in some way that makes it difficult to determine when an area is in focus. The Coolpix 5700 requires pressing buttons, but gets there quicker and the focus is more like the ground glass of a 35mm SLR camera.In the automatic mode, the Coolpix 5700 is hyperactive, always busy checking and adjusting focus. I found that annoying. I guess it reduces battery life, too. So, I set the user modes to check focus only when the shutter button is halfway down. Once the camera has set the focus, a picture can be taken as fast as a film camera. In very low light, the camera may have a problem finding the focus point. In this case, you can either manually focus the camera, or use a pocket flashlight to momentary shine on the object - the camera will lock in instantly.In the studio, the Coolpix 5700 works as good as any 35mm SLR for portraits. By swinging the LCD display outward, a portrait can be composed easier than it would be peering into the viewfinder of a 35mm SLR camera. The results are equivalent to 100 ASA 35mm Kodak Ektachrome film, with the advantage of being able to get a print within minutes. I have an HP Deskjet 932 and use HP Premium Plus glossy paper. I get a print that is as good in quality as a regular glossy print from film, except that the dot pattern from the ink jets is visible on close inspection - instead of the normal soft grain of photographic film.In the field, the LCD and viewfinder displays stand up to all but direct sunlight. I wear glasses, so light does stray into the viewfinder - however, I get that with all cameras. I have developed the technique of shading the top of the camera with my hand and this technique works fine with the Coolpix 5700. I find that the camera snuggles nicely in my hands. Some reviewers report encountering a problem with the right eyelet - I wonder if they are holding the camera correctly? The correct way is shown in the manual, similar to the way you would properly hold a 35mm SLR camera. Also, the editorial reviewer states the camera may be a bit too small considering its functionality. That's an interesting comment. I find that in the field, smaller is better as long as the camera is rugged (which the Coolpix 5700 appears to be). A small camera is less obtrusive and less of a burden when wandering around all day long in a crowded air show.There are so many functions built into this camera that there is almost nothing you cannot do with it. Hoever, the big disadvantage of this camera is having to negotiate the complex menu structure to find all these functions. I have problems with it at times and I am very experienced with computers at that! That slows down making certain changes, sometimes requiring a check of the manual to locate a certain setting. With some planning and programming the user modes, you can limit this problem when shooting in the field by setting each mode for a certain type of situation that might be encountered.The final word: Pentax Spotmatic 35mm film cameras have been my friends for many years. They are now relegated to the closet, replaced by the Nikon Coolpix 5700.