I've had this camera for three months and have shot several thousand pictures. I tried the Olympus 8MP 8080 but it was noisy except for ISO 50 like all prosumer ZSLR's. I exchanged it this beauty and after the first day never looked back.Everything you've read is true, GREAT pictures, NO more shutter lag, battery lasts about 4x longer than compact cameras since you set up the shot from the viewfinder not the LCD which uses power. Plus the battery is powerful, 1400mAh. I now rarely use Photoshop. It's easy to use and has many, many functions including the ability to fine tune the white balance--very useful and many development options.The lens is top notch, not like the kit lens with the Canon Rebel. To compliment this lens I picked up a Nikon 28-200. Great lens for about $300.00 that also works very well for macro shooting since it focuses up to about 15 inches. Add an extension tube and you can photograph the pollen in a flower with razor sharp results. No need to pick up a macro lens this one does it all plus it's a great lens for walking around. Don't get the Tamron 28-300 since images are soft between 200-300mm and it will depreciate faster than any Nikon lens because of the name. I also picked up a used razor sharp 70-210 f4.0-5.6 lens for only $150.00 which is much, much better than the new 80-200 or 80-300 more expensive Nikon lenses.Pros:Simply great shotsEase of UseInstant OnSuper FastLots of FeaturesSoftware: Nikon View browser is very good--includedSoftware: Nikon Capture 4--great but only a 30 day trial verison suppliedCons:Software: Nikon Capture-to open NEF files is $99.00, should be freeWish the LCD was bigger but it is standard sizeLight on top panel should be on-off instead of staying on for just 10 secsLight on top could be brighter or indigo blue for easier readAuto White balance runs a little cool/blueWhite Balance Tips:For most shots simply set the Auto White Balance at -2 or -3 setting and leave it there. This will warm the shots very nicely.For outdoor shots on nice days use the Cloudy or Shade setting. The Daylight/Sunny setting is little cool-blue. With Cloudy the added warmth or red looks great. But you won't go wrong with Auto -3 outdoors.Use Shade setting with a -2 or -3 setting for spectacular red sunsets.Flash portraits use Flash setting with a -1 or -2 for warmer skin tonesIf you use a warming or colored filters be careful since Auto White balance will compensate for the effect.Shades of red get stronger by using the settings in the following order-Sunlight--Flash--Cloudy--Shade. Negative numbers in the fine adjustments add red, positive numbers add blue. So Incandescented adds blue/cool and +3 adjustment adds more blue. at the other end of the blue-red spectrum, Shade with -3 is the reddest/warmest. This is great for special effects--Incandescent on a cool snowy day adds blue and makes your shots look cold.Software Tips for RAW/NEF files:If you want to shoot the best quality and have the greatest freedom editing you can shoot in Nikons RAW format called NEF (Nikon Electronic Format) but you will need a RAW converter.Nikon Capure software, 30 day trial included with camera, has the best converter and is a great editing program but limited--no layers or selection tools.Photoshop CS and Photoshop Elements 3.0 has a RAW converter so you don't need to buy Nikon Capture but it does do a better job,particularly with White Balance.Photoshop Elements 2.0 can be used for NEF if you load Nikon View (included) since it does include a light version of Nikon's NEF converter--crude White Balance and Exposure only.You will not be disappointed with this great camera.