Before you begin reading, if you are thinking of buying the 5700 or the 8700. Don't. The Nikon D70 is out and nothing can compare to a true SLR. If you still want to read go ahead.Having shot close to 5,000 pictures with this camera, take my word for it, the Coolpix 5700 is an excellent camera. It does however have a few limitations which stop me from recommending it whole heartedly. Lets start with the negatives first. 1. At anything above ISO 200 film speed the pictures start showing a lot of noise (this however is true with almost all digital cameras). However if you get a regular sized printout of your picture the noise is not that apparent, blowing up the picture is another matter though. Also if you're always going to keep the camera on auto mode, you need not worry about this problem, the folks at Nikon know the limitations of the camera and don't let it go into higher film speed modes in automatic mode.2. The enormous amounts of options, menus, buttons etc. can be bewildering at first. Again if you're only pointing and shooting on auto mode, this is not that worrisome a problem. And honestly i bought the camera specifically because it had so many options! Having said that Nikon could have found better ways to get to the most useful options quickly. This camera almost rules out spontaneous picture taking because by the time you've set it up the way you want it, the moment is long gone.3. The 32 MB card included with the camera is way too small. 256 MB would have been better. IBM's 1GB Microdrive is best.4. In low light conditions the Coolpix gets confused and finds it hard to focus quickly. Migrating from a film based SLR (also a Nikon) I found this problem to be a bit annoying. Also the Coolpix is not happy taking action or sports shots which require quickness from the camera.5. Like any other camera, digital zoom is just marketing nonsense. It almost always makes the picture worse, buy the telephoto lens if you need more zoom. But with an 8X zoom lens (35-280 mm equivalent), you really won't need anything else. Having pointed out all the negatives let me just say now that the camera is excellent. The picture quality is awesome, and if you are really into photography, playing with all the options available in the user modes is great fun. I personally have one mode set up for Black & White pictures, another one for continuous picture taking and the third one for manually adjusting the aperture and shutter speeds. The other digital camera I own is a Minolta Dimage F100. Even though that is a great little camera its biggest fault is the fact that it uses up batteries like there's no tomorrow. With the Nikon that problem is solved by the rechargable EN-EL1 battery, which can operate for about 2 hours continuously and can take about 150 pictures on one charge. I was put off with EVF (Electronic viewfinder) initially, as it cannot compare to an SLR's view. But i've gotten used to it overtime and i find that it actually works quite well. And there's always the option to use the highly adjustable LCD monitor at the back. Ultimately, the best thing about the 5700 is ofcourse the versatility that only a digital camera can provide. You take a picture, look at it, say ah-ah this is not exactly what i wanted, tweak the settings try again, and so on, until you get that perfect picture. In summary, the Coolpix 5700 has all the goodies you'd expect from one of the best camera manufacturers in the world. Don't buy it as a replacement for an SLR because it isn't (though it comes close). It is simply the best prosumer digital camera out there, and in my case it has made me a better photographer than i ever was before. I think that should be praise enough.