Pros:Quality of the photographs (especially in black & white) which have the "Leica" look;Leica construction, fit & finish.  The camera is mostly metal rather than plastic and has a two tone silver and black markings.  It's built like a tank & beautiful to behold. (However, some photographers prefer the less flashy solid black color of the Panasonic DMC-LC1 twin and roll their eyes at the Digilux 2's attempt to imitate the look of the classic "Leica Rangefinder" camera.Leica warranty and repair are of a very high quality and are unmatched in the industry;Given that the Digilux 2 represents one of the first attempts by Leica to produce a digital camera, the look of the photographs it produces and the limited production run, this camera may become a collectors item.The camera garners much attention from others that may be familiar with the Leica brand or history (quite a conversation starter);Cons:High price.  At first glance, the Panasonic twin (DMC-LC1) is a much better deal (At the time of this review, it's 1/3 to 1/2 the cost of a Leica) if you're willing to forgo the "red dot" and put up with a bit more plastic.Unusual sized 69 millimeter camera lens width means that third party lens-filters are rare and expensive.  Limited types of Leica lens filters are available, but are insanely expensive.What other limited Leica accessories are available are very, very expensive compared to the cost of accessories for other brand cameras.The camera garners much attention from others that may be familiar with the Leica brand or history (quite a conversation starter);The camera has point & shoot features and specifications, but it's big & heavy compared to the typical point & shoots.  It wont fit in your pocket (unless you wear "Joey Butafuco" clown pants).  Also, for those still unashamed to wear "butt packs", you'd need one the size of "Grandma's purse" to carry this camera around in.  If you want to do more "unobtrusive" photography, the DLux 3 is the Leica to get.Full Review:I've owned a Leica Digilux 2 for two years.  The camera has very high quality construction. More metal than plastic.  It has an amazing lens that can't be purchased apart from the camera body.  Most color and all B & W images have a "Leica" look. Even the die-hard Leica film camera fans  have to admit there is something special about the photographs this camera produces.It's overpriced compared to its Panasonic twin (Panasonic DMC-LC1) and other brand cameras with similar feature, so I initially regretted my purchase.  The camera sensor broke after two years of very easy use. Apparently, a good number of the Digilux 2's had sensors installed that did not meet Leica's quality control requirements. A good number of them are now failing.  Fortunately, Leica is repairing the malfunction free of charge.  They appear to be doing so for all of the Digilux 2 cameras even if they are out of warranty, were purchased on the grey-market or if they were purchased second-hand.  As of today, Panasonic with the same sensors in the DMC-LC1 is not providing this level of protection and hassle free repair.  I can't think of any Japanese, Korean or American company that would provide this type of protection to their customers and their reputation.  For this reason, I no longer regret spending the extra money for the Leica camera.Some reviews complain about the viewfinder and LCD image quality.  I wasn't happy with the resolution either, until I realized that the little dial on the side of the viewfinder provides a way to adjust the resolution and focus of the viewfinder image.  After reading the instruction manual and making a slight adjustment, I find the view finder more than adequate.  I suspect that some reviewers may not have read the instruction manual and made this adjustment before writing their review.The Leica lens has a non-standard width of 69mm.  This means that third party lens filters are almost nonexistent and expensive even if you manage to find one. Forget about finding a non-Leica lens hood.  A third-party adapter ring can bump the filter size up to a more standard 72mm or 77mm size, however I've found that non-Leica brand filters (even the expensive ones) seem to degrade the quality of the photographs too much.There are third-party wireless flash triggers and wireless shutter controls available that work with the camera and that are relatively inexpensive.  These help with portrait photography and low light photography and work nicely.  Don't buy the Leica SF24D flash to use with the Digilux 2. It's a fixed-head flash and is very expensive.  Panasonic and Metz make much better flash units for the same or less money that will work well.I would have given the camera five stars if it weren't for the price, and the fact that the sensor failed prematurely for such an expensive camera.  If Leica had not repaired the broken sensor free of charge, I would have given two stars at with a note that the camera would be a wonderful camera but would only work for about two years.  Hope you found this review helpful.12-15-08 Updated review:Leica took over 1 year to repair the broken sensor.  In fact, they lost my camera I sent in for repair and sent me another refurbished one.  Leica digital cameras and their service department are not ready for prime time.  I would change my star rating to 2 stars if I could and would suggest a potential buyer wait 3 or 4 years to see if Leica is still in business before spending money on their cameras.