NOTE:  After writing this review, I re-examined the Nikon D90, a D80 with some better features.  I've discovered that the price for the D90 (Body only) is actually less than that of the D80.  If you're considering a D80, you might want to take another look at the price of the D90 after reading this review--if it's still less than a D80, that makes it a better deal).For the record, I'm not a professional by any means.  I am however quite a practiced amateur.  I've had the Nikon D80 for about 6 months now.  If you're looking at digital cameras, this model is older and some call it "obsolete", but if your goals are not huge, the D80 does an absolutely excellent job.The feel of the D80 is nice:  the body is much lighter than my film cameras, and even weighs less than my first true digital camera, which was smaller in size.  Lenses interchange easily, and the LCD screen at the top is easy to read in most lighting conditions.  One thing I like is that it is fairly easy to flip through manual settings without having to use the LCD screen on the back.  But perhaps my favorite feature is the D80's fast shutter speed:  as long as you're not expecting red-eye flash adjustment in extreme low-light conditions, the D80 snaps pic after pic in quick succession; multi-frame photography lets you hold down on the button and just keep shooting.  I've used an 18-55 and an 18-200 lens and been very pleased with the results.I was worried that time might have put some limits on the D80's capability to load newer, faster SDHC media, but apparently it will hold a memory card up to 32GB in size.  My 16GB stick formats easily.  10.2MP on 16GB means about 4,000 pictures on high quality JPG, 2,000 on the super-high quality JPG, and RAW would probably still give you about 1,000 (but I haven't needed to shoot in RAW for what I'm doing).Battery life is fairly good on the D80.  If you're using a large lens or the built-in flash, of course you will drain the battery quicker, but to give you an example, I shot about 1,500 frames over two hours at an outdoor event using an 18-200 zoom.  The battery meter was about halfway down by the time I was through.  I really enjoy the quality of the auto-focus in that the D80s 11 focal points give extremely good focus to your final images, but I am a bit disappointed in the auto-exposure because it tends to over-expose:  better to drop the exposure down a notch, keep your color ranges intact, and then bump up the lightness in an image editing tool later.  ISO sensitivity ranges from 100 to 4000, though I can't imagine ever needing to go over 1600 (like I said, not a professional).Probably the only thing a bit lacking in the D80 is the menu structure:  when you're accessing settings through the LCD on the back of the camera, it's never really clicked with me - I tend to spend a lot of time crawling from page to page to find the specific thing I want to change.  This may simply be because I don't need to fine-tune every setting on a regular basis, and most of the on-the-fly changes I make can easily be accomplished using the tiny LCD screen on the top or viewfinder.If you're looking for a good camera to learn how to dive deep in digital photography, the Nikon D80 makes a good starting point.  It has most (if not all) of the technological bells & whistles of its time, and at this point its price is much lower than the newer generation.  I'm going to continue to use mine to build my expertise because so far it has been a joy to work with.