I upgraded from the Rebel XSi and boy what an upgrade it was!  I'm mainly a hobbyist photographer even though my friends all say I should quit my day job (they just suck up because I will shoot their events for free!).  I upgraded from the XSi because I kept finding myself arguing with the XSi over it's light metering, focus points and choice of shutter speeds in Aperture Priority mode.  I can say without a doubt that the 7D out performs the XSi in every way (and it should since it's a semi pro camera while the XSi is a consumer camera!).When I bought the 7D I slapped the 28-135 lens on it (already had it for the XSi) and started shooting, quickly noticing it's much improved light meter.  It blew me away at how perfectly it would calibrate the white balance for every picture and what it was metering the light from.  I was blown away just by that!  After about a week of usage I decided to upgrade to an L lens for both the moisture/dust protection all around and also it give this camera a "proper" lens.  It was worth every penny!Matched with an L lens, this camera far exceeds what I was expecting out of it.  I took it to a friends 1st birthday party and shoot the 1 year old using the L lens (17-40 UWA) on full manual at 100ISO, 50 shutter, aperture 4.0 with the 430EX flash and my god, the pictures are gorgeous!  The camera's ability to track faces is spot on, the kid's eyes are sharp, crisp, colorful and full of life.  They just make your heart melt!  I'm sure it helps that this camera has special settings this lens in it's memory and it shows.I have not played around with the video much, not my cup of tea.  However my brother-in-law, who is a video editor, says the ability to capture video at such a short focal length requires thousands upon thousands of dollars in the video world and says that the 7D (and the 5Dmii for that matter) can do what a 10k camera can for a fraction of the price.Another feature which was a welcome upgrade was the weather sealing.  Not that I plan to go into the trenches with my camera but going out to a dusty, muddy farm and taking fall pictures is less worrisome now since I don't have to bother trying to keep my camera away from all the floating dust.This is a phenomenal camera and I highly recommend it to anyone who is into photography as a hobby or a casual professional.  I'm sure a "real" pro who lives their life on photography would welcome a full frame body more than the 1.6 crop but for me, I don't care, this camera does everything I want and more!  It's a perfect addition to my ever growing camera bag and has become my one and only camera for which to shoot with.  My poor XSi has been booted from my day bag and sits idle on my shelf collecting dust with it's non-dust protected body.  I wonder if I should sell it before it's too late!