Update:  1-18-14Looks like it was too good to be true, after two years of service the intercom and video still work but the doorbell function has given up the ghost.  Not a bad unit but certainly not worth spending this amount for two years of service.Original review:After reading the reviews here, I was apprehensive about this unit - but thorough research on Smarthome and other home automation sites made me reluctantly take the jump.Surprisingly, there isn't a very big market for video intercoms (or audio ones, for that matter).  What does exist seems to be spread out over a very wide price range, from inexpensive to obscenely expensive, with little in between.After installing and using this for a bit, I can say this is a solid 4-star product.  Note:  I don't use an electric door strike, so I can't comment on that.Installation:As simple as can be.  It's a two-wire install, and they provide you with 50 feet of cabling.  If you need more, you can get it cheaply from any Home Depot or electrical supplies store, no need to contact the manufacturer (it's 14 gauge stranded two conductor wire).  The only problematic part is that you will need an electrical outlet near the viewing station to power it, which might not be the case for many who are replacing existing systems.  I am concerned about the longevity in the unit, since they didn't provide a weatherproof casing for the camera, so I decided to caulk it carefully around the unit to prevent water intrusion.Operation:One reason I couldn't rate this 5 stars is the viewing angle of the unit.  It's a narrow angle, and getting it to work properly on a short porch was a bit tough.  People standing off to the side might not be in the field of vision, negating the advantage of a video intercom.Using it is straightforward - the View button will let you view the camera, talk - well, you know.  There's a volume adjustment dial on the top to adjust both the bell and the audio volume, as well as brightness and color correction for the video.The video isn't the greatest - not really surprising given the price point.  If you've ever bought any security cameras, a good one with enough lines of resolution to provide a good image run more than half of the cost of this unit, if not more.  The video will still be good enough to view and recognize (or not recognize) faces, so it gets the job done.  The night vision is actually decent given the price point, since most of these units struggle with LED lit video.The selection of ringtones is a little chintzy, and they could've provided more (and better, IMO).  If you're going to be disappointed about replacing a nice chime belltone with a small speaker driven electronic ringtone, then think twice about replacing your current system.Overall:Install only took me 35 minutes, and I had to run new wiring.  The unit has worked up to expectations, with good but not great video in daylight or night.  The audio of the intercom is clear, and the operation is straightforward.  Provided longevity is good (>3 years) then I'll be very happy with the purchase.  Based on the market research I did, you can get better in terms of features (better video at least), but it'll cost you multiples of what this system runs.