Since making a foray into digital photography a few years ago, I've been waiting until technology and price converged with a camera that offered enough over the 1.3 MP camera I had been using to make it worth the jump. My requirements were good macro to short range (a few feet) performance, high image quality and color rendition, fast startup and pocketable.I chose the Minolta after considering similar models from other manufacturers. The protective, sliding style lens cover was the type of design I preferred, with a sturdy, stainless steel body. It's a newer model with faster startup than the G500. This, for me, plus the smaller size outweighed the increased sensor resolution (and price) of the latter.The camera startup time (well under 1 second, essentially instantaneous) is one of its strongest features. Opening the lens cover is tricky, however. It's easy to smudge the lens if your fingers slip. I've found that using my index and middle fingers to slide the cover using the "ears" on the "chevron" part of the cover, while holding the camera with my other hand, avoids lens smudges.For most candids and point-n-shoot situations it was best to use full auto (usually with flash disabled). Switching between auto and manual takes just a few pushes of the mode and navigation buttons, and comes quickly after some practice. Thankfully, there are dedicated buttons to enable macro mode and setting the flash modes, which are retained across power-ups.The manual camera mode with auto flash exposure and 100 ISO setting gave the best quality, provided that there was enough time to compose the shot. However, the auto-focus often fails for closeups (3 feet or less). Reviewing the images after shooting was mandatory for closeup shots. If only there were an easy way to manually focus.The camera delivered what I expected regarding image quality. The color rendition was superb. However, examining images, one looks more critically for shortcomings rather than strong points. Highlights and colors tend to get blown out easily in contrasty, sunlit scenes, and I used -0.7 EV or greater underexposure compensation to avoid this. Consequently, shadow areas can be noisy.These limitations are true of all consumer digicams, however. There are many sample photos to be found on pbase; navigate to the camera-specific gallery for the Minolta G400. Some photos are posted at full resolution so you can have a good look.The camera uses the same battery as the new G600 model. That's good, because it will insure a supply of replacements on the market when the time comes to replace the battery. Buy an extra battery, keep one in charger and one in camera. Swap them when your memory card fills up.Two unfortunate notes regarding my experiences with the camera:- If kept in a snug pocket, it's easy to snag the lens cover "ears" when quickly withdrawing the camera, causing the camera to switch on while still inside the pocket. This apparently happened one time too many, and the lens became frozen in the closed position. Fortunately, Minolta's warranty service was very responsive and I received the camera two weeks (the standard estimate is 4 weeks) after returning it for no-cost repair.- I splashed it with (black) coffee. After drying for several hours, it returned to life, but remained flaky. I sent it back, and the repair wasn't covered ($160).Pros: super fast start-up time, good color fidelity, low levels of compression artifacts in midtones, one-button selection of flash and macro modes, sturdy, compact stainless steel body, relatively easy to navigate menus.Cons: unreliable autofocus if closer than 3 feet; lens cover can snag on pocket, leading to unwanted camera activation and possible damage.Since purchasing the camera, the price has dropped considerably, making it a terrific value.