Most homes have at least two doorbells, one for the front door and one for the back. Some homes are more complicated; ours has several additional doorbells, all coming together at a common spot in the kitchen and powered by a transformer in the basement. The promotional materials for this color video intercom system make it clear that you can use your existing doorbell wiring so you can connect everything "within minutes." That, however, is the last you'll hear about that as the installation/instruction manual does not include any information as to how to connect the device to your doorbell wiring.There are two units here: the first is a box with a button, speaker, and a camera. The box is hard-wired to a second unit which serves as a monitor. This second unit has an AC cord which plugs into the wall. These two units must be connected to one another with two wires. Note that the camera unit must be installed at typical doorbell height. The doorbell isn't lit  or labelled, and isn't the most obvious doorbell button in the world. If you hook up the unit high, noone would ever figure out that it serves as the doorbell. Down at doorbell level, of course, it is going to get wet in the rain and could easily be broken by those who would rather not be observed.The second unit, with the monitor, can be installed anywhere inside, but realize that if it goes on the wall in place of your current bell, it still needs to be plugged in. I've never seen an AC outlet right next to the usual spot for a doorbell. But maybe the typical voltage of a doorbell system will run this entire thing. I don't know...the manual never explains whether the AC cord is still necessary if you use existing wiring. But if you do use existing wiring, one of these units would potentially replace your front door bell, but then what about the back door? You still need your full original system so that it works. Or perhaps this unit can have the back door wiring attached to it. I don't know. That's not mentioned in the manual either. The other problem is that most interior doorbells are up pretty high, too high to easily access for monitor viewing and intercom activation, so you'll end up needing to do some interior rewiring in any case.Of course, you can leave your original doorbell system alone and simply install this as an additional unit. In that case, you need to run the wiring  from the exterior of your home to wherever you install the monitor box. The units themselves work reasonably well. The doorbell button outside activates electronic chimes in the monitor box - most of the time. You have to press firmly, beyond the "click," to make the bell function. Loudness is reasonable and adjustable. The video camera functions well as does the IR lighting and the intercom. You can activate the unit manually if the visitor has used your old doorbell, but it activates automatically if the visitor uses the Gatekeeper's doorbell button.So ultimately this unit functions as advertised. But the manual leaves a great deal to be desired, particularly if you plan to use your existing wiring for the hookup. I was left with many questions even after accessing the company's website, which told me nothing more than the manual did.  I'd also look for a wireless system where the external unit draws its power from the existing doorbell transformer while wirelessly connecting and transmitting to an interior unit.