My wife and I do a lot day and weekend trips and I really wanted a camera that was portable and compact, yet had decent zooming capabilities. I like to think of myself as an amateur photographer as I have a decent eye for a good photograph. I like to have a powerful but smallish camera at hand if I come across something decent to photograph as I don't like carrying a bulky camera and all the necessary equipment around like a professional photographer all the time. When I came across this camera I thought that it would solve all my problems; I was right and wrong.The camera is very good when there's a lot of light to shoot with. The outdoor photographs are absolutely amazing. The wide angle lens helps capture bigger areas when shooting scenery. The colors are natural and the camera captures all the details perfectly. The HD Movie mode is brilliant. I was very impressed with the clear and crisp picture quality both indoors and outdoors when making HD Movie clips. I also like the fact that there's a separate button to record movie clips. Surprisingly, the camera is not bulky as expected for one with a 12x zoom. Even if it feels a little large at first, you will get comfortable with it as time goes by. I have largish hands so the camera doesn't feel too big for me and it fits in my jeans pocket or a jacket pocket without much discomfort. However, I'm 6"1' and I wear comfortable loose jeans. My wife, on the other hand, is petite and it will NOT fit in her jeans pocket or jacket pocket. Its more of a carry-in-your-bag kind of camera for a smaller person.I am not happy with the cameras zooming capabilities as it is not as powerful as I expected it to be. I expected to get much closer to my subjects with the 12x zoom, but it feels more like a 3x or 5x instead. I was absolutely disappointed with the indoor and night time photos. Every photograph I took turned out blurry or grainy unless the there was absolutely no movement of the camera at the time of shooting. I couldn't figure out the reason for all the noise till I read another review which stated that the camera takes bad indoor and night time photos when its on iA mode. It said that indoor and night time photos should be taken in another mode other than iA. I have yet to try this out. The battery life was a big disappointment too. I could only take about 200 - 250 photo's on a full charge which is nowhere as close the amount of photos I take on a day trip. I ended up ordering a spare battery and a car charger just to be on the safe side.PROS:- Good outdoor photos, brilliant colors.- Superb HD Movie quality.- Wide angle lens captures bigger scenes.- Good sized camera, not too heavy.- iA mode is useful when shooting outdoors.- Easy to use controls.CONS:- Bad photo quality indoors and at night.- 12x zoom is a disappointment.- Poor battery life.- A smaller person may feel that the camera is too bulky.- High priced.CONCLUSION:This camera is neither here nor there; meaning that it does not do the job of being a compact point and shoot camera OR being a camera with good zooming capabilities well enough for the money you spend on it. It's better to go for a cheap point and shoot to take around as your "just-in-case" camera and invest in a more expensive camera with better zooming capabilities for outdoor photography.