Let me start by saying that I did quite a bit of research before I bought this camera. Prior to buying the Panny ZS3, my other digital camera buys had all been been Canons (Rebel XT and XTi, various lenses/flashes, and a Powershot SD700IS Elph -- all fine digital cameras). My background: I'm a retired/recovered lawyer, who now runs a small web/print/"new media"design and technology consulting shop for other small businesses. I'm a reasonably competent (largely self-taught, not a true expert) Adobe Photoshop, Premiere Pro, and After Effects CS4 (Windows) user. I also consider myself a semi-advanced amateur photographer (but who doesn't?).The motivation for making this purchase is that I succumbed to my adult daughter's admiration (and constant use) of my Canon SD700IS and finally I just gave it to her. My wife would undoubtedly say that I engineered the whole thing so that I could buy a new, more advanced point and shoot with a longer zoom and better video quality/capability and that giving the SD700IS to our daughter was simply a vehicle for assuaging my own guilt about spending the money and getting her (my wife of 30+ years) to approve the transaction. Can you believe that anybody could be that cynical?To me, the camera is a little gem of compact, useful technology/engineering. The fit and finish are very nice (the equivalent of the SD700IS). I have not encountered the "too loose" problem with the mode-selection knob/wheel that others have mentioned; however, I bought a "recent shipment" model from a well-known, reputable photo equipment reseller (BH), which may account for the improved fit/action of that item. I am a long-time, reasonably loyal Amazon buyer, but I was able to get a better price from the other vendor at the particular time I was ready to buy.The 25-300mm (35mm equivalent) 12x Leica zoom lens is just amazing for such a compact form. Subjectively, it's great little piece of glass that, coupled with effective auto-focus, consistently produces very sharp, well-exposed images with surprisingly little distortion for a such a compact, wide-tele zoom lens (there are always trade-offs). There's a nice review of the camera and lens at DigitalCameraReview, which you may find helpful. As noted by others, the camera lacks manual shutter-speed and aperture settings/control; however, in the "Normal" mode, you are able to manipulate various parameters of the camera's automatic functions, which I thought were fairly useful/intelligent. The no-brainer iA (intelligent Auto) mode seems quite effective as a fully automatic shooting mode, but I'll leave the full assessment of that to others who have used that mode under more/different conditions than I. If you like scene-oriented automation, other modes provide a veritable s**tload of scene models to choose from. The camera has a macro capability and other goodies too numerous to get into here.The 1280x720 HD video capabilities of this compact camera are almost sure to bring a smile to your face. Although, certainly not the equivalent of a dedicated, high-end consumer video camera like the Canon Vixia HFS100, the ZS3 produces sharp 720p HD videos with surprisingly good color balance and stereo sound (for such a compact camera). Trust me, you won't be embarrassed to put your ZS3-HD videos up on YT or on a widescreen dvd. There's been much discussion about the compatibility of the AVCHD-Lite video recording format with various editing packages. I can speak from first-hand experience that Adobe Premiere Pro CS4 (with the 4.1 update installed) WILL edit the AVCHD-Lite format natively. The non-RAM preview function is a little choppy (even on a pretty powerful computer), but the Premiere Pro editing function is more than serviceable and produces nice, smooth results at AVCHD 30fps/progressive sequence settings and comparable h.264/.mp4 output. I haven't tried the other available AVCHD settings/outputs, so I can't comment on them at this point. My understanding is that Sony Vegas Pro 9, too, natively handles the AVCHD-Lite format (others may as well). If your software doesn't handle that format natively, take a look at VoltaicHD by ShedWorx and/or HandBrake (open source), which claim to convert AVCHD-Lite files (the .mts files located in the AVCHD>BDMV>STREAM folder) to other, more editing-friendly formats. I can't comment on the included Panasonic software, because I haven't installed/used it. Also, there is a camera firmware update (ver 1.2) currently available at Panasonic's update site, which, apparently, prevents non-compliant batteries from being used in the camera.Wish-list: a little faster zoom and focusing speed while shooting video (I'm not sure, but at this time the ZS3 may be the only compact point&shoot;/HD camera that zooms/focuses while shooting HD video). More manual controls would be nice (not a deal-killer by any means). The battery life (subjectively) doesn't seem all that fantastic, although DigitalCameraReview places it in the top-tier of comparable battery-camera combinations. All-in-all, this is a very nicely made, super-zoom, compact p&s; camera that produces great images and surprisingly good HD video that, taken together, seem well worth the purchase price.UPDATE: Thanks to commentator, Matt Eye, for pointing out that the Samsung HZ10W and HZ15W, like the ZS3, also allow zooming (and presumably focusing) on the fly while while shooting HD video.