I have to admit, I'm a camera junkie.  Photography is one of several hobbies I enjoy.  I have owned several Nikon cameras from DSLRs to Point and Shoot (P&S;) over the last few years.  My current Nikon DSLR does an excellent job in low light photography, but there are times when I prefer not to carry around a large camera.  I've been doing some research over the last 2-3 years and kept my eye on Nikon and Canon reviews.  Canon was consistently showing well in my research.  I knew I wanted a P&S; that had low light capability, PSAM modes, be able to shoot RAW, and have a wide angle lens.After much research and reading reviews and comments on photography sites and here on Amazon, I selected the Canon S90.  I purchased this camera back in June of this year (2010) and this has been one amazing P&S; camera.I carry this camera in my purse and it basically goes everywhere with me.  I never want to miss that Kodak moment.  I also purchased the Canon PSC-900 deluxe leather hard case to keep the camera protected while in my purse.I've also purchased the Canon WP-DC35 underwater housing for this camera.  My hubby and I enjoy snorkeling and take lots of underwater pictures.  We have previous experience with an older Nikon P&S; with an underwater housing that we've used for four years, so we're looking forward to putting this S90 to the underwater test in the next month.  I will be back to post the results.Overall, this is a wonderful camera that has met my needs and requirements.  It does a fantastic job in low light situations.  I've taken pictures in the house with natural light, semi-dark restaurants (pictures of the food...what can I say), in our church (where it's difficult for most cameras to get good results), and during the evening hours with limited light.  The results have been remarkable.  I can't compare the S90 to my Nikon DSLR as I would be comparing apples to oranges.  While the S90 is not in the same league as a DSLR, it does a heck of a job when there is limited light available.I've used the P (Program), A (Aperture), and S (Shutter) modes.  Mostly, I shoot in P-mode as I prefer not to use the flash and I can adjust exposure, ISO, WB, etc.  Setting the camera to Auto will automatically pop the flash up (when I don`t need it).  That's annoying to me.  So, when I'm in a low-light environment and I shoot in P-mode with no flash, I have to hold the camera steady.  Like hold-my-breath steady.If I can take a picture without flash, I'm a happy camper.  In the P&S; world, the flash is often too harsh on the object.  For me, the flash can make things dull, washed out, or highlight something that doesn't need to be noticed.  That's why low-light capability was high on my list.It took me a short time to get used to the Canon menu.  I really like having the dial or "ring" feature on the front of the camera (around the base of the lens) and well as the small one on the back of the camera.  I have not had any problems with accidently moving the dials.  I suppose that's the result of always checking my camera screen/settings before snapping away.The lens range on the S90 is perfect for my needs.  I have not had a moment where I wished the lens could do more.  I've taken over 1000 pictures from pictures of people (portraits) to buildings and landscapes/scenes to pictures of my hobbies (e.g. knitting).I've been averaging about 250 shots per battery charge.  I have purchased a spare battery and actually found it came in handy several times when I ran out of juice in the middle of a photo opportunity.  I noticed when the battery went from full to medium charge, it drained quickly after that.So after 6 months of use, I can honestly say this is close to a high-end P&S; with all the features this camera has and capable of doing.  I really like having the PSAM modes available to me as well as on the fly adjustments to exposure, white balance, ISO, etc.** Update 01/29/11 **I've added a review on the Canon underwater housing that I used with this camera.  It works great with this camera.  Great underwater pictures!I will be back to post updates, tips on using this camera, and additional settings I use.  Stay tuned.