This is, undeniably, a marvelous little device. It's tiny- smaller than most point-and-shoot digital cameras- and yet capable of recording up to 4 hours of 1080p 3D video. That's pretty amazing, and says a lot about how both digital video and 3D technology have advanced in the last few years. I've been having great fun with mine, running around the house and the yard, trying to find the most vertigo-inducing images I can, and viewing them- in 3D!- on the built-in LCD.True, the images on the built-in LCD are not exactly HDTV, but it's still pretty impressive to see the images pop out without the need for special viewing glasses, and it's a useful quick check to see what kinds of shots produce the best effects. For real viewing you need to transfer the videos to a TV, a computer, or a web viewing service, like YouTube's experimental 3D viewer. I don't have a 3D HDTV, and don't expect to until prices drop a lot more. Uploading to YouTube takes time. Most of us will do the majority of our viewing on our computers. To this end, Sony provides what looks like an excellent editing and video management program called "Bloggie" that loads automatically the first time you plug your camera in to your computer. At least, it's supposed to.According to the supplied documentation, software for both Windows and OSX is installed on the camera as delivered. But when I plugged my camera in to my iMac.... nothing happened. I opened the data folders on the camera, and found Windows software, manuals in a dozen languages, and a sample video- but no OSX software. NO problem, I thought, I'll go to Sony's website. There I found the OSX version of Bloggie as well as updated firmware for the camera. I downloaded both, and updated the firmware with no difficulty. Then I launched the Bloggie installation software.The installer program downloaded updates to the program- odd, as I'd just downloaded it, installed itself, and launched the program. I played with it for a few minutes, shut it down, and went off to shoot some test video. When I returned, and launched "Bloggie", it produced an empty window. I played around with it for a while, and then uninstalled and reinstalled it. Same thing- blank window. I again uninstalled it, removed all traces of the program from my machine, downloaded a fresh copy, and ran install again... and still got a blank window.After wasting an hour trying to get Bloggie to work, I tried uploading to YouTube directly from the camera, and that went off without a hitch. YouTube produced a formatting warning message, but the data uploaded perfectly. A quick Google search revealed how to activate the 3D viewer- you add simply add the tag "yt3d:enable=true" in the editor. That's it. I dug out my cardboard 3D glasses and was impressed with the quality of the video and the 3D effect. The image stabilization works well, too, though it's not like mounting it on a Steadicam. I'm still hoping I can get the Bloggie program to install and run properly- maybe there's an issue with OSX 10.7- but for the moment I'll be uploading directly to YouTube.For those of you running Windows looking for a cheap way to get started doing 3D video, this little camera is not a bad choice. The Bloggie software is a bit limited in its editing capabilities, but it can do simple cutting and mixing. I'm told there are some hacks for linux coming, too. If, like me, you're running OSX, you have to do more of the work yourself, at least until the software gets sorted out. You can edit using any MP4 compatible  editor; you just won't be able to view your videos until you upload them to YouTube or some other compatible viewer. Hopefully the difficulty I'm having is a temporary 10.7 issue and Sony will have it sorted out before long.