We bought this camera to keep track of our kids at home in their playroom, and to keep an eye on our daughter, who occasionally has seizures at night that are hard to detect just by listening.  This system is a little bit of overkill for that purpose, but the following are some things that made us settle on this camera instead of a more generic baby monitoring video system:* It's encrypted, so people can't spy on what's going on inside our house.* It's digital, so it works with all the wifi internet connections in our neighborhood instead of interfering with and being interfered by them.* It's online, so I can check in on the kids and feel like I'm part of the family when I'm at the office.The camera uses a regular wifi internet connection, and you open up the camera's web page to view the video.  There are controls on the side of the web page that allow you to move the camera around, turn the sound on and off, and things like that.  There are 8 presets you can label that will instantly move the camera to spots you select, which is a great feature.  There is a button to cycle through all 8 presets once and then return to where it was looking before.  You can set up guest users who don't have access to the controls, but can just view the video stream.Despite having quite a few options, configuration was relatively easy, with all the options available on a separate setup web page.  They did a good job of laying out the menu heirarchy to make things easy to find, although there were enough configuration options that I missed some the first time through.Some of the drawbacks are:* Some things only work on Internet Explorer using ActiveX controls.  That's not a problem for almost everyone unless you happen to use Mac or Linux, like me.  The basic functionality is all there, except for sound.  I was able to work around that, but it seems odd to take the effort to support other browsers and operating systems with a java applet, then stop short of full functionality.* The full manual is only on the CD-ROM, the only printed manual is a quick installation guide.* The camera doesn't tilt down very far, which creates annoying blind spots when you set it on a shelf or something.  However, there is a mounting bracket that we used to mount it upside-down, which gave us the full range of motion we needed.  There is a configuration option to flip the image back upright.* I wish it had a zoom, but the wide angle lens is a good choice if you have to have a fixed lens.* The camera occasionally needs to be rebooted after experiencing a heavy load.* The infrared illuminator doesn't come on automatically when it gets too dark, which is strange because the camera adjusts pretty well for brightness otherwise.  There is a night mode button on the web page.* Some of the configuration defaults are frustrating, like a 1 degree increment for pan and tilt.  That would be fine if you could just hold down the button, but the web page doesn't allow you to do that, and pops up an annoying message to "Please wait" whenever you click the buttons too fast.  The increment can only be changed on the setup page, but it's not a big deal because once the presets are set up, we hardly ever use the pan and tilt buttons.* I wish it had a feature to disable guest access during certain hours.  It would be nice to give access to the kids' grandparents out of state, but it would feel icky in the evening when we are all in pajamas to have people looking at us.  I think I can set up a schedule on my router firewall, though, and it does have a schedule and motion detection I could use to upload still images to the family blog.* It would be nice if the lights on the front indicated when someone was watching the video, not just if a link is established.However, the drawbacks are nothing that can't be worked around, and overall the camera exceeded our expectations.