Well I must say it; I am quite pleased with this camera. After shopping around, I found that this is probably the best camera for the money I was willing to spend. I originally was going to purchase the S630 but after seeing that the S730 does video at 30fps, I changed my mind. I felt that for the extra $20 or so is worth it. I also had a $25 dollar gift card but still, even if I didn't have that I still probably would have spent the money. At first, I was skeptical seeing how I was getting such a high res (7.2MP) camera for such a cheap price. I was worried the pictures would be blurry or the shutter speed wouldn't be that great but I was so wrong. Not only does the Auto setting work great but it also has a (ASR) feature. This is great for taking steady shots at a concert or moving. I was surprised how good it took pictures; it took almost freeze frame shots while moving in my car out the left driver side window. Some of the things I love about it are the video capabilities w/audio and the high quality pictures as well as shake reduction. I'm also extremely happy with the fact that it has a manual adjustment feature. With this, you can set the cameras shutter speed as well as a number of other things. I was able to take some cool looking night photographs setting it at an 8second shutter. There are also some editing features you can use to edit the pictures while they are still in the camera, fun stuff. The only negatives I found are how when taking a video the audio isn't the greatest but it's still pretty good. Sometimes the audio has a slight popping sound every so often but it's only a minor annoyance and isn't a big deal even for me and I'm very picky. The other issue with the audio is how the camera cuts it out when zooming in and zooming out. I have a feeling this is because of the sound the lens makes when zooming in and out so that it doesn't get put in with the audio on the video. Another small problem was when I first started using the camera I put the Duracell batteries that they gave me in and it was already at 2 notches within a few mins of playing with it. I was kinda put off at first but I said lets try my NiMH batteries since the camera has an Alkaline and NiMH setting. Those worked way better. 2650NiMH batteries seem to out power the Alkalines I was using. I have a feeling though that if I tried those Energizer e2 batteries they would probably work even better. Still the rechargables lasted a whole day of playing with the camera taking images with flash, zooming in and out, recording 30min worth of video and such. Anyway, here's a list of Pros and Cons.Pros:- 7.2MP Pictures- 3x Optical Zoom / 5x Digital- Manual Options- 640x480/320x240 Videos @ 15 or 30fps w/audio- SD Cards (up to 4GB) < I use a 2GB SD- (ASR) Automatic Shake Reduction? <I think thats what its called- NiMH options as well as other fun little featuresCons:- Battery Life is Good with Alkalines to Great with NiMH- Average Video Audio- Uses Battery to power when connected to PCAnyway, it's a pretty impressive camera for such a cheap price. It's almost comes close to the quality pictures that my dads 8MP Sony Cybershot DSC-F828 Camera takes and that thing was way more expensive that this one. If you have the money and do not want to spend over 200 for good pictures and want video with audio as well as other fun features this is your best bet.