I've used this camera for over a year and taken maybe a thousand photos with it (I use it primarily for work.)  It's an okay camera, but it does not do everything it claims to do -- see below.Pros: Form factor -- camera is small but still easy to handle, and it looks sleek and professional.  It is very lightweight.Start Up -- it starts up quickly so you don't miss shots waiting for it to start up.Image Quality -- excellent.  Very sharp pictures with good color capture.  Nothing wrong with the image quality.All-in-one USB Cable -- you can charge the camera using the USB cable, which means fewer cables to haul around.  That's nice for those of us who travel a lot.Cons:  AutoFocus is S-L-O-W -- Take a long time to lock-on.  How long?  Long enough to miss a toddler's smile.  Slow enough that you have to say "Wait a second" and make your subject freeze while the camera locks on.  It's slower at lower ISO settings and in dimmer conditions.  Very slow when using the flash -- I have to basically focus twice -- the first is a failed attempt, the second nails it.  This is really pitiful performance.Anti-shake:  This is NOT an anti-shake camera, despite the description. All it does is automatically shoot at a higher ISO to get a faster shutter speed, IF the anti-shake is on and IF you have the right light, which according to the manual is lighting no brighter and no dimmer than a flourescent light fixture.  So... the hyped Anti-Shake is simply setting a higher shutter speed, and it only does it if you have that particular setting dialed in and only under very specific lighting situation.  Useless.Scene Features:  The portrait feature seems to be okay, but the "child" feature is useless.  Even it bright daylight, I have not been able to use this feature usefully.  I get blurry pictures.  I just don't use it and use the Program setting for everything.  The "face-finding" feature also does not work any better than the regular autofocus (which is pretty poor.)Other useless features:  Give how weak the autofocus and scene features are, it's kind of funny that the camera has these built in slide-show features and arcane in-camera video-editing features.  These are so limited and hard to use they are basically useless.  I'd much rather have not had them at all, and just had better autofocus performance.Memory Card:  Not all memory card readers will read SD chips formatted by this camera.  Samsung admitted this when I called them, and they recommend using the USB cable for photo transfer.  This is lame.  Fact is, I've not had ANY computer that could reliably read chips from this camera (and I've checked on a half-dozen or so different machines.)  This is unacceptable -- the point of the SD card is that you can easily transfer the pictures to a computer.  I don't always have the USB cable with me, even if I have the camera with me.I should probably rate this camera even lower, because it claims to be so much better, but at its core it does take good photos, and if you don't need very fast autofocus and can tolerate a noticeable shutter lag, it's not a bad camera. 90% of my photos are of things where these problems don't matter, and the lightness of the camera outweighs the drawbacks.  I'd use the camera more for personal photos, though, if it had better autofocus, if the anti-shake really worked, and if the Scene features actually did everything.Truth is, I would not have purchased this camera had I known about these problems.  If the Anti-shake, in particular, is important to you, keep looking for another camera that really has it.  This one does not.  I'd already had the camera for longer than the return period before I found out about these problems, or I'd have returned it.  Now I'm stuck with it.  Caveat emptor!