After doing extensive research, including reading the reviews on this site and others, I decided that the Canon SX20is was the Super Zoom camera best suited to our needs. My wife and I enjoy taking pictures using an extended zoom, but didn't want to lug around the kind of lens needed with a DSLR to equal the 20X  Zoom of this camera. The video capability with good sound recording was also important to us. The stereo mics on the front, rather than the top of the camera were one deciding factor. Sample pictures posted by reviewers were of amazing quality for the price point. The value of what you get for the purchase price of this camera is amazing. I checked out the Panasonic FZ 35 which has a comparable but smaller zoom, and the Nikon P100 which has a 26X zoom. The thing that most set the Canon SX20 apart from the other two is the quality of the Image Stabilization system. It is far superior, especially when compared to the Nikon. This camera is what the reviews say it is! I couldn't be more pleased with the performance so far. The versatility of the camera is outstanding, and I've already taken some beautiful shots. I love taking scenery shots, and this camera is excellent for that purpose. Two things that affected the timing of our purchase is that we have a daughter that is getting married in July, and we are going to Maui later this summer to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. I look forward to all the photo opportunities in Hawaii. This camera is perfect for travelling and doesn't add alot of weight to your luggage! My wife is thrilled with the video capability of the camera. We love this camera!UPDATE: After owning this camera for several weeks I have a few more comments: The camera is very ergonomic and easy to handle. It feels sturdy, but is not too heavy. Controls are rather intuitive and easy to navigate. The size and portability make this an easy camera to carry around. My son, who is a professional photographer has told me that he is thinking about purchasing a smaller camra like this for some of his shooting needs, when he doesn't want to have to carry alot of equipment/lenses around. He is a Nikon DSLR user, but is very impressed with the Canon SX20.The electronic Viewfinder is very helpful when shooting in bright sunlight. However, the LCD brightness is more than sufficient for outdoor shots not in the bright sun.  The Auto setting is very effective. I have been able to take some outstanding scenery pictures using Auto. The Foilage setting brings out even more vibrant colors and is particularly useful when shooting pictures with extensive greenery in the background. The quality of pictures with this camera is remarkable. I have used several of the various scene settings, but have yet to experiment with the manual settings, though I am thankful that they are available. Many people have complained that the manual is not printed in booklet form. Personally, I think the electronic version is better. I downloaded a copy to my laptop, and have easy access to the information I need. If Canon had printed the manual to package with the camera, it likely would be much smaller than the current 180 pages, and would contain less information. We are in the technology age after all, and this is now common practice for manufacturers of electronics.