if you are interested in this camera, do yourself the favour and read Jeffrey Picard ("Photo Guy")'s comprehensive review. i had been playing with the idea of adding this camera to our 'camera-collection' but was having second thoughts after reading some of the other reviews. i found them to be either amateurish or simply off-putting. then i read his...eventually, i bought the v570 and am quite delighted with the results this camera produces. bear in mind that this is a p&s; -camera and you will not be disappointed. investing another 20$ into a second battery is a good idea if you are a semi-professional and want to take this camera seriously.about the sd-card door: since i don't like working with the 'easy-share' material that comes with this camera and don't want to carry the docking station with me either, i have to rely on a card-reader. kodak would do a great job by offering a usb-cable for direct connectivity. until i have found a solution to this i will have to use the door. so far, and by handling it with some care, i didn't find it to be of any problem. the hinges are a kind of pull-out and push-back mechanism that has to be handled carefully. even in case that the door would give way: another of my p&s-cameras;/gadgets (mobiDV) leaves the slot exposed and it has never been a problem. ejecting the card is simple and the card pops out only slightly (without taking off! - who writes such bs?!)about the panoramic view of things: the stitching inside the camera is indeed a nice thing. i only wish the v570 had an old-fashioned viewfinder in addition to the lcd (what happened to swivel-screens??). i find it difficult see the pictures (and therefore to overlap them accurately in panoramic mode) in bright light conditions. the lcd also tricks you since it does not always represent the true quality before vs. after the shot. this is ultimately not a big deal and the kodak makes up with a comparatively huge screen.kodak suggests a tripod for taking panoramic pictures, by the way, but i don't see this as a solution to the problem described since a p&s-camera; is all about portability and no matter how small the tripod, it still does not fit into my back pocket...your own customs settings can, however, be saved in custom mode which is the very last feature in a row of custom settings.... another very nice feature is the fact that the camera rotates pictures to landscape mode automatically - and saves them this way. very smart. thank you, kodak!the video has video artefact which makes the images pixelate (break up & scramble) while panning, but the images are clear and crisp otherwise. i am hesitant to recommend the v570's video performance, though. another little gadget (again the mobiDV) does not pixelate (yet zooms as well - without the noise...) but does not handle differences in light as nicely as the v570 either - whose zooming sound is indeed quite noticeable. you will have to judge for yourself if any of this is a problem.all in all, i find the kodak v570 close enough for a do-it-all camera to carry it around most of the time. its small size and stylish exterior makes this a joy! jeffrey picard writes "art deco" but i would argue: jugendstil... ;-))