For a long time, I assumed that Canon made the best cameras.  I have had Canon ultra-zooms (and have posted good reviews of some of them) and Canon Elphs (with mixed reviews).  Panasonic and Lumix were not even on my radar screen until I saw one that a friend had (a prior model with 10x zoom).Being the rather impulsive person I sometimes am, I purchased both a Canon SD940IS and this Panasonic (DMC-ZS3).  To me they are roughly in the same class, although to be fair the Canon SD940 is a lot smaller.  However, for practical purposes, they are both "pocketable" point-and-shoot cameras.The Panasonic surprised me and beat the Canon in every way except for size (see my Canon 940 review).  I sold the Canon and kept the Panasonic.What do I like about the Panasonic?-  Intelligent Auto almost always gets it right.  If I want to take a picture but don't want to think about the settings, Intelligent Auto works better than I have ever experienced on other cameras.-  The 12x zoom.  I often forget that it has a 12x zoom because it is not as bulky as cameras that have a long zoom.  The zoom is very nice, and even at full zoom the details are very clear.-  Very nice, high-resolution LCD. The resolution and size of the LCD makes it easy to compose pictures and a pleasure to review them.  One downside is that when I took pictures on a sunny day the display was hard to see.  There is a setting for the display that may help and I've ordered a protector that may cut down on glare.  I don't have enough experience with the camera yet to know if this is going to be much of an issue.-  Thoughtful and useful features throughout.  Just one example (out of way too many to list) is multi-aspect bracketing.  With wide-screen computer and HDTV displays, it's hard to keep track of what aspect ratio to use, and depending on what a photo is used for, viewing on HDTV, wide computer screen, printed on certain sizes of photo paper, who wants to decide in advance whether to use 4:3, 3:2, or 16:9 aspect ratio?  Even though I have a minor in math, there are just too many other details in life to try to keep track of.  The multi-aspect function takes a single photo and saves it in all 3 aspects so that whatever aspect is later needed is available.  This kind of thoughtfulness shows up in many other features.-  Very accessible menus for quickly applying settings.-  Great movie recording features -- dedicated button, new format for longer videos as well as a more common format.  Video quality is better than what I experienced on the Canon SD940IS -- much more stable.-  25mm wide angle.  Recently cameras have been offering 28mm wide -- this camera takes it a step further and goes even wider.This is a camera that I can honestly say that I will probably be using for several years, rather than upgrading more frequently, that satisfies my need for both an "ultra zoom" as well as pocketable point and shoot, and that exceeds my expectations both in terms of features available as well as the consistently excellent pictures that it produces.  Five stars from someone who is usually very critical of products I review.