Kodak V610 reviewI have owned this camera for about 3 weeks, and I love it.  I have captured about 4 hours of video inside and outside and about 200 still shots inside and outside.The V610 is a consumer point and shoot still camera and a great 640 by 480 - 30 frame per second movie camera, both with 10 times zoom.  If you are looking to have a camera in your pocket whenever you come upon a situation where you want to take a high quality snapshot or a home movie video, I highly recommend this camera.  It is fantastic.  It takes a reliable snapshot and a very smooth video and fits into my shirt pocketHowever, if you are looking to be the next Ansel Adams or need professional videos ... get other much larger and more expensive cameras, with much larger lenses and much more powerful lights.In my opinion, this is the best and most powerful shirt pocket sized camera on the market today.Prior to this I owned a digital still camera an Olympus Camedia C-4040 4MP Digital Camera w/ 3x Zoom and a very small DV video tape camera, a Panasonic model PV DV 201.  Now that I own the V610, I no longer have to carry a camera bag with me to the zoo, or family reunions or other events.  As a replacement for both of those cameras, this is a fantastic choice.I can't tell you how many times I have seen great photo opportunities at events in the last several years before I owned this camera, but the appropriate camera was either in the camera bag or in the car, and how often I wanted greater than a 3x optical zoom in my still camera.The 6.1 megapixel resolution is sufficient to allow you to capture nice snapshots, and with a powerful 10x optical zoom, you can be sitting in the back row still get a great still shot or a video and the video to my eye is nearly the equal of a consumer quality DV tape camera.  I think that this is one of a very few digital still cameras that allow you to optical zoom while shooting videos.As with most camera purchases additional equipment is necessary to make the camera most useable.  I purchased the following additional equipment to go with the camera:>> A 2GB high speed (x133) SD memory card which it allows me to shoot a combination of up to almost one hour of video or up to about 1,100 - 6 megapixel still shots- that's right, one hour of MPEG-4 video fits on the 2gb card, with good TV quality video and sound.  I paid about $85.00 USD.>> 3 spare non-Kodak brand batteries.  I paid about $12.00 USD each.>> A 6 in 1 San Disk PC card adapter - card reader for my laptop - no software needed for the laptop, and the SD memory card acts just like a hard drive and I copy the still pictures and the .mov quicktime videos to my hard drive (the provided USB cable is too slow and the camera needs to be turned on the entire time during downloads with a cable).  I paid about $24.00 USD.>> A thin leather case - To protect the camera.  I paid about $15.00 USD.>> A 250gb USB2 external hard drive for backing up the photographs and movies.