I bought this camera back in the summer and unfortunately had it stolen. Having used it for several weeks, I had a good grasp on its functions and debated upgrading to a different camera when I went to buy again.Well I did my research and found that this camera really can't be beat. So I bought another one to replace the stolen one.First of all, it's pretty much the only one on the market that gives you nine different options for manual control. If you're an experienced photographer who enjoys manually changing lighting and apeture settings like a SLR camera, this might be the camera for you, in the price range. You can change the f-stops/apeture along with film speeds to get the right camera lighting for specialized shots. You can also shoot in sepia tone, different lighting situations from florescent light to natural outside light. And you know how you can be walking along and see a shot that is perfect for black and white? This camera will let you do that; switch over from color mode to black and white, then press a button. It's that easy. No need to take your color photos back, upload them and fiddle around with them with a software program.Of course it also has automatic functions for those not so proficient in shooting. The photos come out flawlessly in any lighting environment and has a red-eye flash reduction button for up-close portrait shots. In fact it has about four different flash settings from portrait shots, to delayed to timed to none, to red-eye. The resolution of the images is startling clear, the ability to see what you've taken immediately afterwards is a big plus. And you can adjust the time delay on image storage so that you can view it for up to 10 seconds after you've taken the picture and either keep it or immediately delete it, if it's not what you want; saving space on your memory card.I bought a 64 meg memory card with this camera and at a high  resolution that allows about 68 photos; about 110 with medium resolution (still very high quality).The camera itself is very intuitive; you'll have no problem figuring it out and shooting almost out of the box. If you have questions, the manual that comes with it pretty much explains everything you'd need to know. And Canon is known for its lens quality, so you know you're getting a good product that will carry you through any photo taking adventure.The only negative I'd say is that it's a little bulky compared to other products out there. But the heft of it is not necessarily a bad thing ... if it were lighter or smaller you'd worry about breakage, or the solidity of the mechanisms.I know there are 4.0 cameras out there now; but not with the multiple choice of function that this camera has. It has it all. And the image quality of each shot you take with this camera are startling clear, 2.0 is definately sharp, you'll probably be amazed at how clear the photos are compared to the regular 35 mm photos you've taken with your regular camera in the past. As a novice photographer it's a great camera to learn and grow with because of all its technical abilities. For an advanced photographer, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised at all its functions; enough to give you the perfect picture you're seeking.And you can't beat the price. It's a great deal. Shop around, do your research; but make sure that the camera you choose has manual functions as you grow with your photo taking; is within a reasonable price; has the functions you need to take any shot from sports to family gatherings to landscapes; and gives you movie making ability (it has a built-in mic).I know you'll return, again and again to this camera as your final choice. I did. Twice.