I was skeptical about getting my daughter this for her 12th birthday.  She wanted a camera and was coming from a very long-in-the-tooth 4MP 3X Coolpix.  OMGoodness, what an incredible camera.  She literally has not glanced at the manual.  Immediately after opening, she was navigating the menus.  The optical stabilization cancels out any of her 12 year-old hands, the 12x zoom is fantastic, and most of all the low light pictures perform absolutely perfect.  Start of evening, a few ambient lights on, and she takes a picture of the cat w/o a flash.  Absolutely gorgeous picture.She flips to sunset mode, pet mode, sport, etc. with ease.  She was really frustrated with her old Coolpix slow first picture lag.  This one is quite fast and subsequent ones also.She hasn't used the video portion yet b/c we need to get a mini-hdmi to hdmi cable.  I don't think Amazon sells them so hopefully they will keep this in the review -- you can get the cable for pennies on the dollar from monoprice vs. the $50 Panasonic one; or get an an HDMI adapter for the price of a fast food lunch.  I think part of the success of this camera experience is that we paired it with a SanDisk 8GB Extreme III - SDHC Class 10 High Performance memory card (from Amazon!) SanDisk 8GB Extreme III - SDHC Class 10 High Performance memory card (SDSDX3-008G-P31, Retail Packaging) - NEW 30MB/s edition --  it is a little pricier (a little shy than twice as much) than the Class 6 cards, but why not get the latest technology?  I figure for fast recovery between shots, rapid fire mode, and videos cameras need all the speed they can get from a card. It is 30MB/s vs. the 20MB/s of the Class 6.  I was also worried about getting an 8MB card vs. 16MB, but after I read the capacity on the sandisk website, you can fit over 2000 10Mp pictures on a 8GB card -- OR one hour of the AVCHD Lite video ( [...]).  I figured even with a combination of the two formats, she would be fine; plus I didn't want to spend triple the price of the 16GB card over the 8GB card -- much less spending 40% again what the actual camera cost.We also paired this camera with this case (Amazon again) -- the Lowepro Rezo 30 -- it fits perfectly, has an adjustable shoulder strap, not too big, a belt or purse strap fastener, soft inside for the screen, a place for a battery, and for the price of two fast food lunches it can't be beat Lowepro Rezo 30 (Black)Six years ago I paid more than twice the price of this camera (plus a hundred dollar 512M SD card) for a 5Mp 12x camera that is three times the size and takes lousy low-light pictures, slow to recover to the next shot, and hungry for power.  If you camera is showing a little age, buy this thing now.  Don't hesitate.The sample pictures don't lie, this thing takes pictures that rival the best in any publication.  I can't imagine if you really tweaked the settings to the max vs. the standard auto mode.  Look for the cat that my daughter caught yawning -- no flash, grabbed the action, w/ mega optical zoom, fantastic.