I did a lot of research, trying to find a simple camera that takes great pictures...one that my older parent could use.  This is it!  There are only 4 buttons on the top of this camera: on/off, review pictures, snap a picture, and zoom.  And there are no buttons, wheels, or levers on the backside (where the display is).  Very simple to use.  Other cameras have many little controls on the top and on the back, and that can be very confusing and hard to see/understand for a non-tech savvy pre-baby boomer.Additionally, the display is NOT cluttered with a bunch of controls.  Some cameras have very few controls on the outside, but when the screen is turned-on, they have controls all around the display (that is not only very confusing, but it takes away from the display itself by making the viewing area smaller----some cameras crop the picture and put the controls around it, while others display the controls on top of the picture----either way, it doesn't work for me).With the Kodak Slice, the controls display momentarily when I turn-on the camera, and after that, they disappear.  IF I want to see the controls again, all I have to do is tap the top part of the screen.  And there is a big X in the upper left corner (like windows on your PC) that you can tap to close the menu.  And the menu is only along the top of the screen.  Very nice.  So, when my parent turns-on the camera, they see a big screen with the picture on it, and nothing else!Fully AutomaticThat's what I needed.  I have the camera set for: smart capture, auto flash, auto/continuous focus, image stabilization "on", and auto brightness for the display.  Wonderful.  It takes great pictures in low light indoors as well as outdoors (and in full sun).  And the person taking the picture doesn't need to think about any settings: just snap the picture.In order to take advantage of the large display, I have the camera set to 10MP (16:9).  Other settings will crop the picture, so it doesn't fill the entire display.  I chose 10MP because I want it to fill the entire display (and my parent has a widescreen monitor on their PC).The display looks great.  It is not grainy.There is a clear plastic piece around the controls on the top, which lights-up with the camera is "on".  This is very nice, because it is easy to spot the controls when it's dark.  While the battery is charging, the clear plastic piece flashes.  And when the battery is fully charged, it stops flashing and just glows a solid white.  I charged the battery completely before trying to use the camera.Since I purchased the camera recently, it came with the latest firmware (version 1.07).I had an extra screen protector from my iPod Touch, and it trimmed it to fit the Slice, and it works great.  No air bubbles.  The touchscreen is sensitive (they improved it with the latest firmware upgrade).  To view pictures, press the review picture button, and then either tap on either side of the screen to go back/forth, or swipe your finger across the screen.  Either way works great.  Very simple.As for a memory card, I purchased PNY 8 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card P-SDU8G10-EFS2 for this camera, and it works great.  I have the camera set at 10MP (16:9), and at that setting, it holds over 2000 pictures.Yes, the camera has internal memory that saves a smaller version of the pictures for viewing, and that is where the "5000" picture count comes into play.  But you still need a memory card to take full size pictures that you can save to your PC.  And, from other reviews, it seemed unclear if you could delete the pictures from the Slice album; well, you can.  You can delete individual pictures from the album, or you can format/delete the Slice album itself as well as the memory card.  Very easy to do (but not easy enough to do it by accident).About the battery...The battery is a KODAK Li-Ion Rechargeable KLIC-7000.  Originally, when this camera was released, it was packaged with a different battery.  The newer battery is better.  It lasts for about 200 pictures (depends on your settings and how you use the camera).  So, if you are on vacation, that's enough for the entire day, and you can recharge at your hotel in the evening.  If you need more than that (not near a power source), then buy a solar charger separately (or buy an extra battery).The box includes a soft pouch/case, the USB/power cord, and 3 plugs (one for USA, and two for travel).  Regarding the plugs, one plug fits into the USB/power cord; this plug has 2 round prongs (for Europe).  This plug plugs into another plug to make it compatible for USA (or you can plug it into the 3rd plug for Africa).  Kodak probably did it this way because it's easier to sell the same camera all over the world without having to package the plugs differently.  And that's a plus for people who travel, since they have all the plugs they need for most regions.After purchasing this camera, I tried it out to make sure it would be okay for my parent.  And I'm very pleased with it.  It will make a wonderful Christmas gift. The seller was PlusDigUSA.