I did a lot of research prior to purchasing the Canon A80 digital camera.  I read a lot of reviews, many right here at Amazon.  I also looked into lens quality and the quality of electronics.  I read consumer report's test results.  The bottom line - as with most things in life "you get what you pay for".  You can find cameras with more than 4MPs, however, my research indicated that the picture quality may not be as good as Canon's 3MP A70.  Digital picture quality is a mixed bag of tricks.  MPs are one part of the "picture" when determining what quality a digital camera is going to deliver.  I will give you my advice in each of four major purchasing catagories below.Retailer:  If you take nothing more from this review, please listen to what I have to say here.  The cheapest price is not always the best deal!!!!  In fact I would go so far as to say that the cheapest price may be the worst deal.  While searching for the best price on an A80 I called four of the cheapest retailers listed at sites like Pricegrabber.  EVERY store I called was either out of cameras (surprise, surprise) or the price quoted was only good if the camera was purchased in a overpriced package.  The "cheap" store would then proceed to try and sell you what "they had" - not what you wanted.  After four attempts at the cheapest price, I went back to Amazon and found a price of $359.00.  This price was $50.00 or more than the cheapest price, but they told me if the camera was in stock and gave me a delivery date.  I actually purchased through an Amazon affiliate.  I received the product on time and in good condition.  Camera brand:  I touched on this above.  Again, the cheapest product is not always the best buy.  Don't be fooled into believing that MPs alone or a fancy zoom equate to good picture quality.  If you don't plan on spending in the $300 dollar range, plan on mediocre results.  Now...many people will argue that a $100 camera will deliver good results - it depends on why you are buying digital.  If you are buying digital to replace conventional cameras, why would you want anything but great quality.  You cannot go back in time and take another picture of your child at age 2.  I went digital to begin replacing my conventional cameras. Canon is not the only good brand, but it certainly rises to the top of the heap in the quality for dollars catagory.  I would stick to companies that make photography their business - Canon, Nikon, Olympus, Minolta, ect.Camera model:  Do your research and have a clear picture in your mind of what you need a digital camera for.  A digital camera is like a computer - it's great when it works, but a nightmare when it doesn't.  Again, don't always look to the selling price as the determining factor in selecting a model.  If you stick with a major manufacturer you are less likely to get junk or poor service, regardless of the model you pick.Many people stress out over the choice of an A70 or A80.  I don't think you make a bad purchase with either product.  I decided that, for an increase of $80, it was worth the upgrade to the A80.  Your own budget may make this decision for you.Price:  I discussed this many times over.  Don't let anyone convince you that a $100 dollar camera takes the same quality pictures as a $300 camera.  Buy smart and buy for the long run.  Buy quality and service.  Do your research - read Amazon reviews and search the web for independent reviews.  Pick up a Consumer Reports magazine.My opinion of the A80 - Well...after about a week of playing with it and reading the manual(I'm not finished yet) I believe I purchased a quality product with features typically found on high-end cameras.  A word of caution - don't fool yourself into believing that you can move from "point-and-shoot" to this camera without first educating yourself.  I think many people foolishly believe that perfect pictures can be taken by simply pushing a shutter release button - not so in the real world.  If you educate yourself about the functions of camera parts and read Canon's manual carefully, I believe you will find the A80 to be an excellent product.  I hope this helped.