After much extensive research, I finally narrowed it down to 2 potential cameras. The P71 from Sony and the Kodak DX4900. Both selling for the same price, so it was a matter of which was the better camera/deal. The Kodak had slightly better resolution and 1 more Megapixel than the Sony, but here's why I chose the Sony: Batteries: The Sony comes with rechargeable batteries and a charger. Kodak comes with alkalines (no charger)The Feel: The Kodak felt cheap. The body is cheap plastic and the buttons and compartments seem easily breakable and far from durable while the Sony had a nice sleek look and a professional quality feel to it.The Features: The Sony comes with a mpeg movie mode (no sound) where the Kodak doesn't have a movie mode at all. So, how do I feel about my choice? Pretty Damn Good.The Sony P71 is a quality camera. There is no question. The design is very similar to the other models from Sony but a little bit slimmer and lighter. The LCD on the back is bright and vivid and the colors look crisp and nice. The pictures I took came out very good. I took the camera into the woods and took some wilderness shots in the middle of the day and the pics came out beautifully. The trees and water, everything looked great. The movie mode is also a very cool feature. While it would have been much better with audio, it is still a very cool feature and can be used for various different things. Also, the movie size is only limited to the size of your memory. (Get a 128mb card!!! I did and it is so worth it) The camera is very easy to use. I didn't even have to read the manual. After monkeying around with the features for about 30-45 minutes, I learned pretty much everything. It has a nice, simple interface. Kudos to Sony for that. There are various different picture effects you can use, such as black and white, Sepia etc. and you, of course, have the option of choosing your prefered resolution. The camera also comes with red-eye reduction and a special feature found only on Sony Cameras, called the AF Illuminator. This feature is very cool because it helps you take pictures in the dark a lot better. Overall, this is a wonderful camera that is easy to use, durable, nice looking and takes quality pictures at high resolution and megapixels with the option of several effects and features. The only reasons I gave this camera 4 stars instead of 5 is because I thought the pictures I took in very low light could have been a little brighter, no audio with the movie mode and I've only had the camera for a week, so I don't know about the test of time. But I am very pleased so far.If you're like me, and want a dig cam to have some fun with and take some great pics, but don't want to get a second mortgage on your house to buy it...then look no further than the Sony P71. A quality camera at a quality price.