There are way too many cameras in this category that you could spend months researching them all and you'll probably still be unsure that you made the right choice. The S200 was one of my picks and the fact the my brother has the older S300 and really likes it made my decision to get the S200 easier. Amazon also has the best price when you include the free shipping. I bought this along with the Viking 128 MB card. Below are the pluses and minuses that I've classified thus far:+ Compact size and solid Japanese construction+ Featured-packed with many manually adjustable features that I don't plan on ever using+ Comes with rechargeable lithium ion battery and charger (this will save you around $50)+ Records video and audio and has A/V outputs so you can plug it directly into your TV to view the pics and video+ Nice packaging and excellent documentation - you get the actual paper manuals, not PDF files on CD. Everything in the box is well layed out+ Sharp LCD screen+ Excellent picture quality- Lack of a case or protective cover of any kind- Flimsy terminal cover on camera- Pathetically small 8 MB CF card that was included- Unlike some other brands, namely Olympus, your PC will not recognize the camera as a mass storage device, so depending on your version of Windows, you'll need to either install Canon's software and/or drivers. I personally don't like installing software on my PC just to be able to download the pics off the cameral. I'm not into touching up pictures, so all I want to do is plug the camera in and drag the JPG files from the camera to my PC's hard drive without going through some custom program; you cannot do that with this camera unless you have Windows XP or ME, according to the manual.Things you should get along with the camera are: a case, larger capacity CF card, and a CF card reader so you don't wear down the camera downloading pics to your PC. I don't think an extra battery is something that you should get right off the bat because it's expensive and, unless you plan to take pics all day, would not be necessary. The included battery should be adequate as long as you're not using the flash and LCD with every pic. If you do plan to get a battery, I've learned from postings elsewhere that you need to make sure that the battery has the same V and mAh ratings as the stock battery. The third party batteries might state that they are compatible, which is entirely true, but they have lower power ratings than the original Canon battery. You'll be able to use them, but they will not last as long as the original Canon battery.Overall, I think I made the right decision with this one. It's not the best camera out there, but for $, I doubt you'll find anything of this quality that comes with rechargeable batteries and charger. Most pics that I've taken came out fine. Some pics with flash look grainy while others with flash look great - I'll have to take more pics and experiment.