Sony Alpha DSLR-A580 16.2 MP Digital SLR Camera & 18-55mm Lens with 16GB Card + Battery + Case + UV Filter + Cleaning & Accessory KitI have been a serious armature photographer for decades, using SLR and Kodachrome almost all the time with good results, so as I started to upgrade my digital cameras to an SLR type. I spent considerable time to find the right combination of light sensitivity, features, weight, camera feel and price. Serious reviews by several credible sources pointed me to the new Sony A580. I already had two digital cameras by Canon, and wanted to stay with it, but the reviews pointed to its unique high light sensitivity and few extra features and I bought a full kit three months ago via Amazon just before a 5 weeks overseas trip.I used two cameras during this trip, the Sony A580 and the compact Canon G12. In 95% of the time the Canon G12 was superior to the Sony because it was easier to use, lighter, easier to carry and had a very good quality 5 to 1 lens. And it cost only half as much as the Sony, but that was not an important consideration here.The Sony A580 camera performed well, especially in low light situation, but lacks in three important areas: lens quality, battery power, and service. The standard Sony 18 to 55 lens that came in the kit has only a ratio of three to one, much too limited, and the battery delivered about 200 pictures instead of the 560 range advertised on the case.The body of the Sony 18 to 55 standard kit lens is made from plastic and is poorly made: it is hard to set it to the right range. The rotating operation is not smooth in comparison to ALL CAMERAS I ever had and all the other SLR digital cameras I tried before and since. When I sent it to repair Sony told me nothing is wrong with it, it is simply how much force I want to use to adjust it. A serious company would not have sold this lens with a serious, high quality camera. I tried another identical model in the store, and it had the same deficiency, erratic movement.I checked the battery power without using any flash, and no movies, and still got only about 200 standard JPEG pictures. I asked Sony about it and they said they will mail me a new battery. That was 2 months ago. I called twice to find the status and they said they are out of stock. The third time they put me on hold for a long time and finally the line dropped.One more item, the battery charger has a long and heavy cord which takes a lot of space on trips. Most other chargers, such as the Canon, have just 2 prongs at the top to plug into a socket, saving space and weight too.I am disappointed. This is not the type of quality and service I would expect from a solid company that wants to stay in the photography business.