My family fulfilled a dream Christmas, 2003 when they gave me the Nikon Coolpix 5700.  Upsides: 1. This camera delivers fantastic results. 2. It feels good in the hand. 3. It's compact for its power.  4. Good price for the quality.  Downsides: 1. The built-in flash is a joke.  It's way under-powered.  2. The digital zoom is also a joke...obviously added only to be competitive on marketing comparison lists.  3. Nikon Service is structured in such a way that it's almost impossible to talk to a person and the back-and-forth of impersonal response forms with no person's name on them and no phone number is enough to make me move to another company's product line for my next camera.On the last day of our trip in June, 2004, to Yellowstone National Park, my Coolpix 5700 stopped powering up.  When we got home, I logged onto the [...] and followed the links to warranty service.  After shipping my baby off to Nikon, I received one of those form letters in the mail, informing me that the repair would cost $203.00 dollars and listing -$203.00 warranty allowance with a net of $00.00.  No additional information of any kind about the problem.  (In other words..."Trust us")  At the bottom of the form were instructions for logging in to nikonusa.com and approving the repair.  Ok...since there are no charges, they're going to sit on my camera and not repair it until authorized to do so?  Exactly why did they think I sent it to them anyway?  So I logged in and clicked in the approval checkbox.  The window went away and gave me no response of any kind either there or in email to indicate acknowledgement of the approval.  So what if the web connection malfunctioned?...or the programming was less than stellar?  How would I know except that my camera would never be repaired?  A week later, I received my baby in the mail...took it out of the box and read the included form (yes, another form with no contact name).  It said two boards had been replaced.  I turned it on and it came alive!  I tried to take a photo...but couldn't!!! because they obviously had not tested it and the entire panel of adjustment buttons on the left side of the camera were non-functional!!!  At this point, I'm not very happy.  There was an 800 number on the form returned with the camera and I actually was able to speak with a live person and explain the problem.  She was wonderful and sent me a pre-paid shipping form in email.I sent it back (per instructions) and am right back where I started with trying to get some response or information out of the nameless corporate entity.SUMMARY:  I love my camera...I hate the way the Service web pages have been programmed and the protective walls that have been put up to prevent me from talking with a live person.  Dear Nikon...if you won't talk to me, just who do you think is going to buy your next camera line?