First off, the cons, since they're most important-XD Picture Card.  This is the biggest thing that irks me, since XD is a dying brand and Olympus refuses to give it up. However, since working with it, i've found nothing really bad about xd, only that it's like sd but just a tiny bit bigger, so don't worry about this.-Doesn't come in orange.  Oh well, I think i'll live with silver (which is very nice by the way)-Has an odd "favorites mode" i probably won't use*  *see below for disclaimer-Panorama only works in P mode  Who cares, i take all my pictures in that mode anyway (But it took me a while to learn that)-Low battery  For some odd reason, i get a low battery signal even when i know i've got a couple of hours left. No big deal, i carry an extra battery with me all the time.Uhhh, i truthfully can't think of anything elsePros:-Rugged  This camera is a beast. I don't think you can break it. i saw C-net freeze two of these things in a block of ice and when i was at National Camera Exchange, they literally swept it off the counter and let it crash to the floor. It also feels really sturdy in your hands-Waterproof  What can i say, built in waterproof. Does that mean i don't have to worry about the rain or snow? Yes. Yes it does.-Compact  For all it's ruggedness, this camera is small. Thin, with a lens you don't have to worry about protruding.-Easy to use  Comparing it to some Cannon brands at a store, this camera was WAY easier to use and was a lot faster in selecting modes, types of shots, ect.-Panorama  Has an in camera panorama that is amazingly easy to figure out. First time i tried it, i got exactly the type of shot i wanted, no learning curve. Stitches three pictures together in camera. Perfect for those spectacle nature shots and whatever else you need to capture. (note: Panorama only works with an xd card, and not compatible with the micro sd to xd converter that you get in the box)-LED lamp  Super bright white LED on the front for those really dark shots. You can also turn it on when the camera isn't on, really useful if you need it in a cinch.-Surprising Video  Can take video in 30fps, which came out really good. Option of 15fps as well.-Quick shot view  has a button to press while in camera mode to quickly view shots. When finished, press shutter half way and it zips back to camera mode.-Very, VERY fast  Even when it wasn't pre-focused, the shot time was in under a second. When pre-focused, the speed really was instantaneous. (as in feeling like an SLR speed)-8mp  Excellent image quality. Outshot cannon models in outdoor shots bar none. Indoor, we found cannon did it a little better, but that was digitally zoomed in all the way, comparing it side by side with some hesitation. ergo, it's so small, who cares, and even then the quality was still amazing. But if you're that passionate about perfect pictures, you need an SLR.-3x zoom  Not kidding, a 3x OPTICAL zoom with a lens that doesn't protrude from the camera. Since it's 8mp, i don't think i'll use the zoom, but wow, it really does work.-Fast startup  With no external lens to push out, startup time is blazingly fast.-Favorites  If you set a picture in your favorites, it can never be erased from the camera (unless removed from favorites) even when formatting internal memory as well. Plus, you can set one of these pictures to your menu background, which is a nice touch.What else can i say, this camera really took me by surprise. It has everything i could want in a camera, plus it's amazing durability. Great buy, suggest getting one of the packs that Amazon offers if you want a really good price. If you want to see it, compare it, hold it, test it, whatever, i suggest heading over to National Camera Exchange. They should have it, and they really know they're stuff.