Overall this is an excellent camera and the more I dig into what it will do, the more amazed I am with it.  Truly anyone who doesn't like what this camera has to offer was either expecting it to be equal to a DSLR (which it never claims to be) or those who find it far too complicated because they really only needed an SD1200.Pros:  "Ditto" to the other 200+ reviews.Cons:  While not enough to bring down my 5 star rating, I do have a few issues with both the camera and with Canon.1.  Of the 200+ reviews so far, only about 4 of them have actually said anything about the macro capabilities of this camera.  And of those, only one has actually pointed out just how lame the macro capabilities of the S90 really are.  By comparison, my old SD800 will zoom in and focus on an area 1/8th the size of what the S90 can focus on.  And the SD800 was just a basic point and shoot, not the high end camera that this one is.  I have included a photo in the customer images section to show how significant the size difference is.  The other problem is that the macro focus distance on the S90 is approximately 18" in front of the camera not the 2" of previous cameras.  Even the most steady handed of photographers will likely require a tripod to achieve a blur free image.2.  The DPP software included with the camera, while certainly not Lightroom 3, is actually a really good software program because it is designed to work specifically with this camera.  And yet Canon doesn't provide any information whatsoever about it.  There was more than enough room left on the software disk to have included the manual several times over.  And did they even point out the wealth of information including video tutorials that can be found in the EOS section of the Canon website?  Nope.  It is this information that truly shows what an amazing camera the S90 really is.3.  Ergonomics are awkward at best.  I have no issues with the missing "grip" that many people complain about as I hold the camera like the point and shoot camera that it is not like an SLR.  (i.e. first and third fingers on the top, thumb on the bottom, middle finger on the shutter button.)  The real problem is the ring function.  This is a legacy feature from the days of viewfinders and in case Canon didn't notice, they left that part out.  And as the camera is not held adjacent to the face as would be the case with viewfinder cameras, reaching around to the front of the camera to adjust the ring when it is 18" in front of your face is extremely awkward.4.  And finally as a minor point, scrolling through the SCR modes has to be done blindly.  Canon should have put scrolling icons on the display like it did for every other multiple-selection feature on the camera.Conclusion:Once you get over the initial feeling that holding this camera is like holding a stick of butter, you will find that this is truly a great camera.  And with the support and tutorial information available on the EOS side of the Canon site, anyone from a beginner to a moderately advanced amateur will find they can grow both with it and into it.As for the lame macro capabilities, I will just have to keep an old SD800 around to do that work.  I do have a feeling however that I will begin to appreciate the 18" distance to the subject part far more when I get the camera underwater as it is difficult to get fish to come in to the 2" range.