Pros -- Good sharp lens with nice range from wide (28mm) to short telephoto (112mm)  -- Excellent color in good lighting  -- Good image quality overall, good color, sharp, good detail  -- Easy to use  -- Nice 3 inch LCD screen  -- Very compact, solid build, pocket size  -- Video (640x480) features are basic, but can use zoom if you turn sound off  -- Can add 4 secs of sound (e.g. a memo) to images when shooting or afterward in camera  -- Interesting "guide" feature built-in for novice photographersCons -- Uses more expensive xD cards (but you'll only need 1 or 2 ever, probably, 1 or 2 GB size)  -- Not so great for low light situations --but flash works fairly well  -- Auto WB indoors, sometimes need to set manually in my experience (e.g. "Incandescent")  -- Max ISO of 640 and some noise evident at higher ISO's (true for nearly all compact cameras)I bought this camera used for $50 (with a big scratch on the front, but works fine) and at that price I am very pleased with it.  It is a casual point and shoot model with basic features.  Image quality is average to very good, depending on the situation.  In general, I find I get good pics most of the time.  Taking a little time to "learn the camera" will definitely improve your results.  The menu is simple and easy to use. It even has a "guide" section where you can flip through your image needs (e.g. shooting into strong backlight) and it will select the correct settings, as well as the usual "scene" modes.  A nice touch.  Has a "panorama" assist mode. Has some internal editing features (e.g. crop). 8 megapixels is plenty for most things, including prints up to 16x20 inches maybe even a bit larger. The Jpegs are good quality.It has a very nice and sharp lens with a range from 28mm-112mm (35mm equiv) making it great for group shots to portraits.  The 4x zoom works reasonably well and 4x is a decent range of coverage for a compact P&S.;  The camera is very simple to pick up and shoot with and the compact size makes this a great pocket camera.  The LCD screen is 3" which is large and the quality is good.  The flash is fairly strong for a compact. As with all compacts, it can be a bit harsh sometimes, but it did reasonably well.The build quality is very good with a metal frame and plastic panels, it feels solid.  Buttons and controls work well and I find the camera very easy to use and intuitive.  I have not even looked at the PDF manual yet and have had no problems.  The camera has a pretty good feature set, the only thing really missing is full manual controls, auto exposure bracketing, and a few other advanced things that most users will never miss.  Operation is fairly quick, certainly par for this class.Color is good in most of the shots I've taken so far, especially outdoors in good light where the color is accurate and not overly vivid.  Video on this camera is std def (640x480) but decent and if you turn off the sound recording, you can use the zoom while shooting video which was novel when this camera was introduced.  Indoors I sometimes had to set the WB (white balance) manually for best results. True for many cameras of this type.This camera is now a couple of years old (came out in early 2008) and there are newer models available, but it is a solid camera, takes good pics, and is very easy to use.  If you can find it on sale at a good price, it might still be a good value.  I am very happy with mine.  I will try to post some sample shots in 'customer images' if I get time.Summary: A great pocket camera that you can carry with you and quickly pull out to take some "on the spot" shots knowing that you will get good results, especially if you take the time to learn the camera.