I've been using the DSC-V3 under a wide variety of conditions for about 1 1/2 months here in Costa Rica...from night scenes to beach scenes to tropical jungle settings in low light. Overall I've been very satisfied with the image quality, but especially the performance. Its definitely a rock-solid performer in terms of shutter lag and shot-to-shot times. Auto focus is also instantaneous. You click, it takes a photo...and fast. I have a 1 Gig memory stick pro card and the write times to that are fantastic (except in RAW and TIFF modes). You'll be impressed by most of the performance issues, and if you use the camera right you'll get great crystal-clear 7MP images with great color edge-to-edge. So in a sense this is a plain camera; meat and potatoes...a good hearty camera which delivers in those areas a camera should. It shoots fast, battery life is great, build quality is solid, the 2.5" LCD is great, and the images it produces are top notch. Ignore the optical viewfinder, and go get yourself a PDA screen protector to cover the LCD with...then you're good to go.What they say about the aperture being selected as too small in Auto mode (under bright light) is true. But don't base a purchase decision on that...if you are an "enthusiast", you'll likely be using one of the modes with some custom control, like program shift or manual. Its easy enough to change the aperture before you snap a shot. I do that 90% of the time...I don't like blindly trusting a computer to make decisions anyway. I'd argue that if you are not really into tweaking settings...there are cheaper cameras out there that would be more satisfying to you.  But keep in mind you CAN use it on Auto mode just fine in all conditions except bright outdoor lighting.Before buying this camera I debated the merits of this style of camera VS the long-zoom image stabilized models VS a digital SLR. I racked my brain over the merits of each over and over. I think after all that I've decided that a Digital SLR would have been more suitable for me. But that's not to knock this camera in any way...it does great for its range of capabilities. The ISO sensitivity is decent, but I was really looking for something more on par with a DSLR in terms of better high ISO capabilities. I was a bit dissapointed, not by the Sony per se...but by the overall capabilities of this class of camera in low light (except the Sony laser focusing system, incredible!). You will get noisy images at ISO 400 or above in dark conditions. Two things to consider about low light capability, image stabilization and high ISO sensitivity. If you get an image-stabilized camera you will have more flexibility for common situations..."twilight" scenes and real common "pseudo-indoor" situations. That's something you don't really hear about in the professional reviews but is real practical in terms of usability. Forget about the utility of image stabilization with long-zoom...think about its usability for low light conditions. With image stabilization you will get that little wavvy hand (indicating a blurred image) much less frequently before you snap a shot (2 stops?). And for those dark tripod-only long exposures...nothing beats noise-free high ISO sensitivity. Ideally it would be the best to have great ISO sensitivity AND image stabilization, if you get both in a digital camera you will use a tripod 1/3 as much, and have a much more versatile camera.That being said, I don't really regret not getting one of the long-zoom image stabilized models (Canon S2IS, Panasonic DMC-FZ20, etc). I feel better knowing the money went into a solid performing camera with good resolution and quality. I feel comfortable with my purchase over those types of cameras. I'm curious about something like the Canon Rebel XT, but most DSLRs only can have lense-based image stabilization, which enormously increases the cost of each lens if you want IS (its like buying a computer with each lens). I find myself dreaming about...and looking for something like the Konica Minolta Maximum 7D...a DSLR with body-based image stabilization. I think that's where all these cameras will eventually be heading, in a year or two I'll bet you'll see all the major DSLR manufacturers have models with body-based image stabilization.This Sony is a great camera to learn photography on, largely because of that huge LCD. Overall, the camera is great and I would have given it 5 stars except for the viewfinder, and I would have liked to see a slightly longer, more versatile zoom. Another feature I would like to see would be the ability to attach full camera info for standard images, not just the date and time (RAW lets you see that info). That way you could snap 100 shots with different settings, and when you get those images to the computer there would be no guessing as to what settings were used...you could carefully compare the results of each shot to learn faster and become a sharper photographer.