After reading reviews for months about many point and shoot cameras from professional reviews to individuals who own cameras,  I had to come to one overall conclusion.  A point and shoot will always be lacking in low light situations.  Some are better than others, only a select few or going to have a bright or fast enough lens to capture enough light in low light to give a quality image, and they are very expensive like a SLR and without the great zoom the ZS3 gives.I decided to purchase the Lumix ZS3 because of the wide angle lens and the large zoom all in one compact camera.  Now for the reason my ZS3 fills my needs.  I needed a camera to take into situations like gathering with my family, where you are close in.  I don't like to take my SLR to restaurants, but my ZS3 fills that need.  It will take very good quality photos anywhere there is good light, but I find that the flash is not very strong.  The great thing is inside the wide angle makes it a perfect camera for close in shots that I would not use my Nikon for because of the bulk.  Outside the ZS3 is as good as any point and shoot for all over image quality and has a amazing zoom for such a compact lens.  So I use a ultra compact canon for a take everywhere with good image and great HD video, the ZS3 is with me at gatherings in close in places where the wide angle and smaller flash works best.  My Nikon SLR is inside at larger events with a fast 1.8f aperture lens,again outside with my Lumix ZS3 for landscape and with a great big amazing quality zoom lens.It really depends on what your needs are, we all would love to purchase an all in one camera for all the different situations that you want to take photos in, but a SLR is not practical to take in all situations and would cost you thousands of dollars for a lens that would be bright enough to cover all aspects of photography.  The Lumix ZS3 is a affordable advanced wide angle to a large telephoto point and shoot that will give you sharp, crisp, accurate color and properly exposed photos that you will love to show off to your friends in a lot of situations.HD video is amazing with great sound. If you are like me you will be disappointed with the short battery life after using a SLR so purchasing a second battery for me was a must.I hope this simple low-tech review helps, also comparing the ZS3 with the  new ZS7 I chose the ZS3 for better photo sharpness, I didn't want to use manual, I have plenty of full manual cameras.  The auto or my preference the program mode works greats for me.  I did notice in comparison that the 12Mp files of ZS7 are smaller than the 10 Mp files of the ZS3 that could mean there is more processing from the ZS7 I am not sure but some Tech could tell me.  I like the lesser processing if that is the difference.  Hope this helps.