I was skeptical about this camera from the get-go. 16 million pixels in a 1/2.3" sensor is just a depressing thought. Even though this has the Exmor rear-illuminated sensor (which is supposed to deliver more light to each pixel), 16 million pixels on a tiny, tiny sensor is just an insurmountable challenge in terms of noise.I was sorely disappointed with my first shots and considered returning the camera. As always, even at the lowest (-) settings, Sony applies heavy-handed noise reduction and sharpening. At 100% (pixel-peeping), there were sharpening artifacts on many edges and yet the pictures didn't look all that sharp at normal viewing resolution.So I took the camera to the local botanical gardens to give it a good test compared to my more professional kit (I also shoot with a Nikon D7000 and a bag full of lenses). Just like my reaction to the early H-series cameras, I was amazed at the quality and detail and sharpness of these nature shots, some of which were quite difficult (red flowers, for example). They post-processed well in Photoshop CS5, and I printed as large as 9X12 and showed them at an outdoor exhibit and sale - where they were much admired and sold well.I decided to keep the camera. The more photos I take with it, the more fun I have and the more I have come to respect it. I just stopped pixel-peeping and got happy!As for low light, this is not a very effective low-light camera. Like all of its predecessors, anything over ISO 400 shows either noise or heavy noise-reduction. Usable, but not particularly good (I'm spoiled by the Nikon D7000, which is excellent at higher ISOs). On the other hand, the hand-held twilight mode can produce some really remarkable results in low light.What can I say about the video? It's world-class. In fact, I decided not to buy a relatively expensive separate camcorder after viewing video I took on this camera. I don't use the highest resolution (though it's nice to have it), because I burn my videos to standard DVDs, which don't support 1080i. So, I use the 720p, which looks gorgeous, rich and clean on my 52" LCD TV, even from a DVD (as opposed to direct-connect through the Hx100's HDMI cable).Pros:Brilliant, well-exposed, saturated shots with beautiful dense and accurate colors.Incomparable zoom range with incredible accuracy and sharpness thanks to the Carl Zeiss design.Fast focus, fast shooting, big buffer.Takes SD cards!Battery life is excellent. To date, I have never run a battery completely out.Video is nothing less than superb.Flash is not only excellent, but it color-balances to the original non-flash image, meaning your flash shots look natural instead of cold and overlit.Panorama is positively amazing.Price is excellent compared to the rich feature set.Cons:Long zoom means that, at telephoto, minimum focus range is 8 feet.Heavy-handed noise reduction and sharpening. They should offer RAW on this camera series.They should let you turn off AutoReview for faster shooting.iAuto is not as "intelligent" as it should be. I got a fair share of under-exposed, over-exposed and blurry shots in that mode. Aperture-Priority and Manual modes are excellent.Conclusion: If you want a camera with huge capabilities that lets you concentrate on your subjects instead of the camera, this camera should be at the top of your list. If nothing else, it's huge fun to use!