I LOVE THIS CAMERA! I bought this as my sanity keeper for my  family trip to Hawaii... (I'm hyper and always need something to do..) In 10 days, I took over 1500 pix. and was able to do so unobtrusively--as the camera is VERY small and very powerful! I shot inside, outside, people, landscapes, flower closeups, historical locales, flashless photography in museums and at historical demonstrations... shots inside a battleship. The video functions far surpass my low expectations...  (including a surprisingly good audio microphone!)(I used it upon my return to record my friend's graduation with her PhD) I was sitting in west nose bleed and with a small small micro tripod was able to make shots look as though I was much closer.)This camera was amazing--for a camera which I paid $99 at walmart dot com. (Not available in stores.) I cannot stress enough how important it is to READ and UNDERSTAND the manual. Many of the problems discussed in other reviews can be ameliorated by 1. a knowledge of videography/photography principles which can be learned free on line. and 2. BY READING THE MANUAL!!!!!!! the 8 hour flight to Hawaii gave me plenty of time to do that!Basically this little fella was attached to my wrist by its strap unless I was swimming, showering, or sleeping... for 14 days and no one believed how many shots I had because I was able to do everything relatively quietly and without creating major drama regarding flash or lighting. (But this is because I've taken a couple classes in photography and videography and understood how to change the aperature and shutter speeds to get the results I wanted! (and frankly the adjustments allowed my fidgety fingers to have something to do!)I recommend some following "must haves" to answer some of the (true) short-comings my fellow reviewers have sited (correctly!)1.) You must by an LCD shield for the screen if you want to have any hope of seeing anything on the LCD in moderate to bright sunlight. You will then need to use this as a Viewfinder and hold it close to your eye to see anything under these conditions. (Cost= $20ish)2.)I bought the energizer 15 minute battery charger and 8 rechargeable "AA" batteries for this thing. These are a MUST--the reviews are correct this thing eats batteries and I too have gone through a typical battery set in 15 mins. of fairly constant shooting. If you can get the one with the free car adapter for the charger all the better :) (Cost: $25-30ish)3.) MANDATORY-At least (2) 2 gigabyte SD cards or larger especially if you're planning to use the 10 megapixel mode (as I did!) or if you are planning to use it for video. I recommend two because if you go crazy like I did on the photos you CAN fill up one of the 2 gigabyte cards in a day (although I had 500 pics). (LOOK FOR SALES $20-30 each)4.) Tripods a regular size one... AND a micro one... :) This allows you to take close ups... and video...and indoor shots with much better clarity. (under $10 for the micro and under $30 for a normal height tripod)5.) Optional--I got a small, but well organized camera bag for this little guy... it was swimming in the bag for my old camera--with the little bag with room for batteries and memory card. I downloaded nightly to my laptop... and my 250gb portable hard drive... :) (I paid $3.00 for mine but discount shopping is rampant here in Northeast Ohio)6. (Also optional) If your laptop does not come with a digital media slot where you can stick the sd card right into the machine directly, you will want to purchase a media card reader for hooking into your computer. (this will save batteries and increase download/import speed. (available for under $20) If you get this camera for the same $99.00 that I did, you can trick this out for under a total of $250.00!  (Let's just say the guy at Ritz Camera was shocked and awed at the power of my toy-looking and feeling camera (the proof was in the shots!)One thing my colleagues didn't mention is that the digital zoom is kinda fuzzy-though the micro tripod was very helpful with this problem... but the optical is clear as a bell... It also comes with a fun cable that lets you connect the camera to the TV and show all your photos. What's great about this is that you can tell quickly if you've got a great shot, an ok shot or something that screams for deletion. (Also a great way to show your day's take to your loving, patient spouse...)I also managed to take pictures of realtives' vintage photos that they didn't want to lend for scanning--the micro tripod and manual controls were a godsend... and I've digitized some very important family memories.Sorry this review is so long, but this camera has really allowed me to greatly enjoy my once in a lifetime trip, and take studio quality pictures of my best friend at her doctoral graduation... all for under $250! :) I couldn't be happier!