i don't buy many cameras. here's my 20-year photo history: this nikon replaces a panasonic lumix FS5, which met an untimely end two weeks ago. that camera replaced an older digital sony point-and-shoot, and that in turn replaced a very basic-model canon 35mm SLR (which i very likely never used to its full potential).i've now owned the nikon for 3 whole days, and it has provided the most fun i've had with a camera since i had my old 35mm, but without the hassle of film development (and the accompanying crapshoot of "how will the pics turn out?").  i've drained three batteries so far and taken i can't remember how many hundreds of sample pics without any real problems to report.i'm not a HUGE camera nerd or photography snob, but i like to think i can take a decent picture now and then. i'm probably close to the definition of "casual photographer."  here, then, are my impressions of the nikon S630, beginning right out of the box:the design is great. i'm an above-average-sized guy, with pretty big hands, yet the controls are easily placed and i have yet to mash the wrong button (or combo of them) with any of my giant thumbs. my girlfriend uses a small kodak digital, and the shutter and power buttons are so close on that camera that i turn the thing off as often as i snap a successful pic.  not so with my new nikon, i'm happy to report, yet the case is small enough and the controls placed so that a person with normal-sized hands should find it just as easy and comfortable as i do.battery and memory card are both a standard design, no brand-specific special purchases required.  hooray for that!the controls are well placed (the dial, or at least the ribs on it could be a tiny bit larger for my own ease of use, but that's not a real problem), and their use as well as the menu options they lead to are reassuringly and happily clear and easy to follow (definitely unlike my experience with my last panasonic). i find that i actually LIKE tinkering with the settings while using this camera!  i'm also one of those annoying people who don't like to read the manuals that come with their gadgets, and have been able to figure out pretty much everything i've wanted to without having to crack a page. that says something positive about the camera, right?shutter speed is GREAT. the autofocus is very fast, with only minimal hesitation or fluctuation - even when the zoom is fully extended (the sony and panasonic both took AGES to focus themselves). the zoom itself is great: at 7x, closeups are REALLY close, and the clarity of menu options has so far meant that the closeups i've taken are nice and clear, not grainy or blurred half the time like with previous cameras. the burst feature is much better engineered than on my panasonic (the slight loss of image quality when using this feature is acceptable - ya gotta make the occasional sacrifice for speed).  i haven't done much with the movie or voice options, just a little sampling with each, but they seem fine as well.image quality has been great so far. my panasonic may have had a slight edge here (which may just be the result of having used it longer and been more familiar with it), but the pixellation and off-color problems i've read about in other reviews have not occurred thus far.  low-light shots have turned out just fine, too (another problem i've read about others having).i can't say much for the durability or longevity of this unit, or for nikon's customer service, as i've only had it a very short time.  fingers crossed that i don't have to amend this review on either of those scores.this camera seems to have received more mixed reviews than any other i checked out before buying. i'm not sure where the problems these other folks are having are coming from. it's a pocket camera, really, and meant for the casual photographer as opposed to the professional - do they expect it to make their morning coffee too?  for my purposes (family, pets, vacation & nature shots, car shows, the occasional sports event, still lifes of stuff to sell on the 'net), and for those of people with similar needs, it ought to work just fine.i may not know enough about them to be a full-fledged camera snob, but i am fairly picky about my gadgets and toys.  so far, the nikon S630 has been a joy to work with.  unless it explodes or catches fire while i'm using it the day after the warranty expires, i'm sold!