So this is the new version of the venerable DMC-TZ line now renamed DMC-ZS (why I will never know. TZ stood for Travel Zoom and made sense. ZS stands for ??. I am sure some marketing research indicated that people think TZ was perceived as "Toe Zits" and therefore had to be changed). I had a TZ5 for two years and loved it. I traded up mainly for the stereo movie mode and maybe a little more wide angle. I never needed more zoom. The ZS3 is certainly a cut above the TZ 5 in many respects, but there are some significant drawbacks anyone considering it must know.- The noise at any ISO above 80 is pronounced and becomes significant at ISO 400 and above. It is not so much affecting regular picture size but if you look at 100% crops you might be surprised how noisy the images are. Detial is still good and thats great but the noise is ever present in almost all pictures. This is an area where the ZS3 is significantly worse than my old TZ5. Make sure to be aware of this if you want to upgrade! The TZ5 made better (less noisier) pictures. Believe me! In general the ZS3 is one stop worse than the TZ5. Noise at ISO 800 on the TZ5 is similar to the noise at ISO 400 on the ZS3.- This is mainly due to the "pixel race" Panasonic is also getting sucked into. There was absolutely no need to increase the already high pixel count of the TZ5. Anyone knowing anything about digital cameras knows that 6 to 8 MP is by far enough for any purpose. More pixels than that is unfortunately a marketing need for uneducated customers who buy whatever has more pixels. This is actually wreaking havoc in the entire digital camera market. My best pictures come out of my Nikon D40 with only 6 MP and they are just as good or better than what I can do with my Nikon D90. So don't fall into the ridiculous pixel  race. I applaud Nikon on the DSLRs for not getting sucked into more pixels.- The selector dial was moved from the top center on the DMC-TZ5 to the top right corner of the camera behind the shutter release on the DMC-ZS3. I don't know what Panasonic thought that was a good idea. It's not! Now I often inadvertently move it with my finger when shooting and get a dial in between settings warning. A very dumb design and Panasonic knows it. The new coming DMC-ZS7 that was just announced a few days ago (with built in GPS geo-tagging ... yeah I REALLY was missing that feature! How did I ever take pictures without it since I don't know where I was when taking them. I am sure the next DMC will have full feature auto routing so you find your way back home from where ever you are) has the dial again to the left of the shutter release.So there you go. I most likely will go back to the TZ5 since the noise issue is one of my pet peeves. Don't get me wrong this is a great camera with outstanding build quality and tons of feature, but not for pixel peepers like me.