I have owned two prior digital cameras- the first was a Canon that took good pictures, but was too bulky to pocket around and required AA batteries to power it.  The second was a Sony CyberShot DSC-W150 that took crappy, blurry pictures in low light.  Needless to say, I felt an upgrade was in order.So I'm going on an east coast trip next month.  My buddy and I are avid baseball fans.  One problem:  as we do not always have great seats, taking close-up pictures of ballplayers is a real pain with 99% of the compact point and shoots out there.  This is because the camera's size will only allow it 5X optical zoom.  You can combine this with digital zooming, but I don't need to tell you how terrible and pixilated this looks.  Thus my conundrum.  So I really wanted a compact, pocketable camera with a long range optical lens, without having to lug around an expensive digital SLR.Enter the Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3.  When I read the specs on it, I was in awe.  10 megapixel, 12X OPTICAL zoom.  Here's the sweetest part about the zoom- if you planning to use smaller prints (i.e. 4X6), you can quickly adjust the camera's Megapixel (MP) count from 10 to 7, 5, and 3 to yield maximum OPTICAL zooms of 14.3, 17.1, and 21.4 respectably, without much loss of detail on such prints.  I wish Panasonic would have allowed the camera to adjust the MP count automatically as you zoom, but it's not too much trouble to change the MP settings manually from the quick menu.Another great feature:  the camera's screen is beautiful at 460,000 pixels, twice the count as the rival Canon Powershot SX200 IS (more on that camera later).  From the moment you view your first picture, you'll quickly notice how much sharper photos look on this camera.  It's a nice convenience to view photos on the camera in a manner closer to the quality that will actually be seen when you're viewing them on the computer (and ultimately printing them).I also want to give Panasonic kudos for the build quality and compactness of this camera.  The ZS3 is a replacement for the popular TZ5 model, which was 9MP and 10X Optical Zoom.  So they increased the resolution, and added a wider range lens, and REDUCED the size by .4 cubic inches.  Specifications aside, I was more than pleased that this camera will comfortably fit inside my jeans pocket.  It's a bit bulkier than an ultracompact for sure, but not objectionably so.  Note that the SX200 is a full 2.0 cubic inches thicker, another reason I passed on the Canon.  Here's a few more reasons the Canon falls short:  the Canon has a cheesy looking popup flash that sticks out at the top of the camera, whether you're using flash or not (bad design decision).  It has less rated battery life than the Lumix.  Also, when shooting video, the Canon does NOT allow you to use optical zooming.Photo quality on the Lumix is excellent, although I've only snapped samples around my place so far.  However, I've taken quite a few pictures at low light, and at maximum zoom levels to try to get a bad shot.  So far, there's none to be found.  I'll put this through its paces more when I travel next month, but I'm extremely pleased so far.  As for video shooting, I've sampled it a bit, and it seems pretty solid.  The camera gives you the choice of shooting video in its touted AVCHD Lite format (ideal for watching it on your TV in HD with an optional mini to standard HDMI cable), or JPEG if you prefer to email video clips to friends.  This year's model also added stereo sound on video playback versus last year's monaural effort.  One thing I found a bit strange, was the incredibly slow zooming when shooting video.  I guess Panasonic was trying to give the user a more controlled, deliberate zoom, but unlike the snappy photo zooming, it's a bit slow for my liking.Some other minor quibbles:  The dial that controls the shooting mode is extremely loose.  If you lightly rub it against anything (a camera bag, your pocket), there's a good chance it will shift.  When you turn the camera on, it will digitally tell you what mode you're in, but it's still annoying when it happens by accident.  Second, when making a quick zoom on an object, it will appear blurry on the camera's screen until the shutter button is pressed.  There are modes to continually focus the object when zooming, but this drains the camera's battery life more rapidly.  It would be nice if this feature was incorporated automatically without any such sacrifice.Also, I'm not a huge fan of the included PhotofunStudio software bundled with this camera, as there are other, more compelling programs to view, edit, and print photos (I like Canon's Zoombrowser program better).  Finally, this is not the camera to buy if you're into manual controls.  There's a ton of preset scenes that can be used (nighttime, portrait, baby, sunset, food, etc.), and you can adjust items like flash, white balance, and max ISO level, but this is meant to be a simple point and shoot for casual photographers.  Note that the Lumix has an intelligent auto mode (IA) that will analyze the shooting conditions and pick the right scene, flash, and exposure without any adjustments by the user.  This camera screams simplicity, but there's enough tweaking on the Normal and Scene modes to keep the vast majority of amateur photographers happy.Regardless of these nitpicks, the Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 is an awesome camera, unbeatable for those that want the best of both worlds- a great zoom lens and compact body.  It's a bit pricey at $399, but you're getting quite a lot of camera for your hard earned dollars.  I have no doubt that my third digital camera is a terrific buy and a long-term staple for my travels.