UPDATED REVIEW 04/21/2010LCD screen broke.  Camera was in my pants pocket.  Best guess is my money clip did the damage.  Panasonic replaced camera without argument at no charge (thank you!).  Recommend carrying compact cameras with LCD's in seperate pocket or pouch.I still love this camera.  Would shoot more HD video, if I could pry it out of my wife's hands.She prefers pictures over video...UPDATED REVIEW 09/27/20093 months after purchase, I still love this camera...PROS's- Easy to carry (compact).- Easy to use (excellent results from Intelligent Auto mode).- Great photo quality (for a compact camera).- Amazing 720p Hi-Def video recordings, with good sound quality.- 12x optical zoom allows shots most compact cameras would miss (with only 3x-5x zoom).- Optical Image Stabilization for both photo's and video's.- High resolution LCD (Easier to spot and immediately re-shoot blurry photo's).CON's- Expensive camera (MSRP $399).- No Optical Viewfinder (bracing camera against face would help stabilize video recordings).- Need to slide a mechanical switch to return from photo review to photo taking mode.- No RAW output.- Need to purchase SDHC memory (Minimum 8GB class 6 SDHC for HD video).- Consider extra battery for more than 90 minutes of combined shooting and review activity.- Consider additional software.  Included software (Photofun Studio HD) is poor.  Most video editing software older than 2009 cannot edit AVCHD Lite (I use Vegas Movie Studio 9 Platinum).  Older versions of Adobe Photoshop Elements are fine for photo editing.ORIGINAL REVIEW June 24, 2009DMC-ZS3 COMPARED TO OTHER CAMERASLike many people on this site, I read alot of reviews.  The major competitors in the compact superzoom category are Canon SX200, Olympus 9000, Panasonic DMC-ZS1, DMC-ZS3, Samsung HZ10W and Sony DSC-H20.  The most helpful review I found was from the DPREVIEW website:  dpreview com / reviews / q209grouplongzoomMANUAL CONTROLSNone on DMC-ZS3, but various web reviews indicate manual controls not critical on compact cameras:- Aperture Control: Compact sensor chips are too small for significant Depth Of Field adjustments (which can make subjects "pop" from background on dSLR's with larger sensors).- Shutter Control:  Might have been useful.My pictures are mostly of our young children (be fast or miss the shot).  The Intelligent Auto mode on the DMC-ZS3 makes good decisions in a fraction of the time I need.  The lack of manual camera settings has not been a problem.VIDEOThe video is the reason I purchased this camera over competing models.The 720p AVC HD video is amazing, the audio is good.Recommend downloading a free copy of Splash Lite (Mirillis website)for playback of ".m2ts" videos.Splash video player uses only 0 to 5% of my computer CPU, vs 25 to 50% for Photofun Studio HD player.COMPARED TO PREVIOUS EQUIPMENT- My last digital photo camera was a Canon S50 (purchased 2003/deceased 2009).- My last camcorder was a Sony TRV-17 miniDV (purchased 2001/still functioning).The DMC-ZS3 is a definite upgrade (better quality results) over the older products listed above.I (thankfully) no longer drag the Sony TRV-17 camcorder to family events.WISH LISTAdd RAW capability to next firmware release.Add optical viewfinder to next generation replacement.Forget adding more Megapixels to the next generation replacement(10 megapixels is plenty).Add a larger sensor (ie from the DMC-LX3) to the DMC-ZS3 body to improve the low light capability.