After watching the last couple of generations of TZ cam from Panasonic I finally bought the ZS3.  One of the prior complaints about the TZ cams (and Pany cams in general) was the way they handled noise reduction.  Prior Pany cams smeared lots of detail away. W/ the most recent generation of cams Pany has really improved handling of noise reduction and much more detail is retained.  Compare sample images side by side w/ other cams (especially Canon's SX100 [...]).  So that was a plus for me.  There's still noise for sure, I'm not comparing this cam to a dSLR but to its peers that I've owned and/or used.  On that count I think the ZS3 is a great cam in general due to overall feature wealth and capability.  Other p/s digicams may do better in a certain area but not overall.The fantastic range from very wide (24mm equiv) to 12x zoom combined w/ multiple aspect ratios is lots of fun for playing with composition as well as having practical flexibility..The optically stabilized 720p video w/ zoom and AF enabled is wonderful! better than any video implementation in any other compact digicam yet.  My PS3 reads the AVCHD video straight from the card for playback on my TV.  BTW the PS3 is a fantastic slideshow presentation device controlled from the game controller.  In an outdoor setting zoom and AF really improve the quality of video.  The audio pickup is sensitive to wind and seemed to be better at times capturing surrounding noise rather than what was in front of me.  If there isn't much audio the focusing is barely audible.  If there is audio its imperceptible, hidden under the more present sounds.  AF during video can lag if there is an abrupt distance to subject change. But its still ok and much much better than the nothing in most other dicam video implementations.The ZS3 is fully automated to the exclusion of any manual control.  This is fine if you just want to point and shoot but basic control is lacking.  In any case I decided that the overall combination of features and my intended use out-weighed missing manual controls.  Intelligent Auto seems to work pretty nicely and the intelligent exposure is nice to sort of improve dynamic range a bit.  Regarding automation, it can be a maze at times trying to understand how selecting one mode impacts automation in other areas.  The manual covers this for the most part with lots of notes, but its still a head scratcher in the field when i select one mode which results in another being grayed out.  And I disagree with some of the button logic Pany chose, like the button sequence to enable then lock the focus point for focus tracking is more cumbersome than i think it could be.Nicely, Pany has constrained how the ZS3 selects ISO in auto in that it tries to use a lower ISO to keep noise lower.  Other p/s cams seem to go for the highest ISO possible.  On that end there's a manual ISO setting as well several settings for limiting ISO while allowing the cam to set ISO under that limit.The focus tracking works pretty well for larger subjects that move in a mostly predictable manner.It would be nice if the font size of display elements were smaller to reduce screen clutter.The Mega OIS works really well.  Using full 12x zoom I've taken pics at 1/4 second hand held that have been quite sharp even when enlarged on screen.  I've used 12x zoom and the extended optical zoom outdoors, no flash w/ sharp results there.  Its not a for sure proposition, but the MegaOIS really improves the probability of sharp images.I wish the macro could focus closer than the 0.1 ft.  But at least at that range the lens does not cast a shadow from the flash.  And with 10Mp of resolution macros can be enlarged to reveal detail.The ZS3 does seem to tend towards underexposure indoors w/ flash (and the subject was close enough for the somewhat underpowered flash).In the end, its really pocketable, with a great lens and takes good pictures w/ well controlled noise reduction (compared to peers, not DSLR).  Video is fantastic.  But control is via tweaking automation rather than direct manual control.