I have had this camera for about two weeks and I must say I'm very impressed.  After three plus years of owning my bulky, chunky Panasonic Lumix 3megapixel Camera I decided to try the Samsung Sleek and Sexy Lifestyle (L-series) Digital Camera.  Correct me if I'm wrong but for you cost conscious consumers out there, this camera is almost identical to the NV11, the differences are: 10megapixel instead of 7 (only important if you are planning on printing Poster Size pictures), the Schneider Lens in the NV is "world renowned" but my L73 takes breath taking pictures as well, and finally the NV11 has a flip up Flash instead of a front built-in flash like the L73 and I like the flash being built in instead of flip open because having to manually flip open the flash seems like a bad design choice.  The MAJOR difference between the NV11 and the L73 is the price the NV11 costs $250 and the L73 is $150Picture Quality/Features:  As stated above, I've gotten nothing but fantastic pictures out of this camera.  The Auto feature does give average picture quality indoors, and outdoors you will want to play with features, but that's the beauty of this camera, adjusting a setting and taking a test shot is as easy as sliding your finger over a touch sensitive button and changing lighting settings, exposure, scene variables like motion shots, dark shots, super close-up macro shots, there's tons of easy features.  The best is when you're first getting used to the camera and the features, it's defaulted to telling you what each little picture means, so you don't have to guess what a stick figure stands for in the options.  Night shots are great I just bought a 53" tripod on Amazon and gone around the lakes to take amazing shots, it reminds me of my old SLR back in high school and that amazed me.  So taking great pictures is easy to do right out of the box, but you'll fall in love with the features and tweaking them so you get the absolute best result you wanted.Battery Life:  The lithium Ion battery was new to me, I'm used to using two AA batteries about every time I go out (talk about wasting money)  but the this little battery has kept a full charge after one week of light use.  Since initially messing with features and waiting for my tri-pod to arrive in the mail I've used the camera about 6 or 7 times and the battery is still at it's full three bars.  **make sure with any lithium ion battery operated device, that you drain the battery completely when you first get it and then charge it the maximum number of hours it states in the manual.  To avoid over charging, don't charge it again until that full charge is once again depleted.  This will give you maximum battery power from then on**  I considered getting a backup battery but I think I'll wait because this battery lasts long enough for my needs.  If you are planning on taking lots of pictures or going on vacation where you can't access a Powered USB connection or AC connection I'd recommend an extra battery.  It's a SLB-0837  3.7v lithium Ion battery you can buy them online for about $10-$15.Cost-Benefit:  This camera was a great purchase, Circuit City doesn't carry them in their store (most likely because it's so similar to the NV10 and NV11 that it'd hurt the sale on the more expensive models) but you can buy it on their website and shipping is fast.  All together I bought the camera($153+$4 shipping), slim carrying case($10), 2 Year Protection Plus Plan Damage Protection ($48), Laminate Screen Protector ($5) and 53" aluminum tri-pod($15+$3 shipping)  so all together I spent about $238 for a camera that's protected for years to come and I couldn't be happier, it's slim enough to fit in my backpack and durable enough to withstand a day in the life of a college student, and then it also takes great pictures and with a little messing around you can get any situation shot perfectly.The DEAL BREAKER for me was the Video Capturing Abilities!  Normal Digital Cameras take low resolution video, but this Camera takes near DVD quality Video.  The resolution is actually higher than a regular DVD.  It's 800x592  and it's captured in AVI format.  ALSO, you can pause the recording instead of starting a new video it resumes recording from where you paused!  I plugged it into my 40" LCD and of course it was nothing High Def but it sure wasn't bad coming from a little Slim Camera.High On Features, Low On Cost.  Go check it out for yourself!  Also check out YouTube and search for the Samsung L73 and you'll see the TigerDirectBlog video review of the camera.