Got it yesterday with some anticipation after taking a long time for delivery. This model was produced exclusively for Amazon sales and the asking price seemed too good to be true--it was!This model is very much like my Lumix ZS5 except with a longer zoom and stereo microphone. It's virtually identical to the ZS8 but for the latter's monaural microphone. NONE of these cameras comes with Panasonics AVCHD (lite) video compression. They come with Quick Time (QT) video compression instead. Reportedly the ZS7 came with AVCHD as did the ZS3. This has some profound downsides as I'll explain below. I also noticed the ZS5 though with a shorter zoom, had a larger diameter lense. Maybe it's the optical physics kicking up a fuss but my understanding is a larger lens is likely to have more light gathering capability.All of these models are limited to creating file sizes of 2GB or less. So is my Sony video recorder. The difference is the Sony doesn't simply STOP when it reaches the 2GB limit, it proceeds to create a successor 2GB file and keeps filming. The Panasonic, at least the ZS5, ZS8, & ZS9 do not. They stop dead in their tracks. To make matters worse, the QT jpeg format, though widely understood and compatible, is a poor video compression scheme consisting of essentially a stack of jpeg photos per second. The AVCHD compression algorithm developed in tandem with Sony pays off by squeezing more information into that 2GB file. PLUS, you'll recall, the Panasonic stops dead in its tracks when it reaches the 2GB limit rather than continuing with a subsequent 2GB file. The Sony does this without a hiccup. I'm not certain whether the Lumix models that *do* include the AVCHD standard will continue to tape provided storage room remains or not. Now for the biggest piece of bad news--without a more efficient compression algorithm storing information in that 2GB file, your maximum film length with the ZS5, the ZS8, & the ZS9 will be around 8 minutes--period! You'll have to be physically present to depress the start/shutter button again to continue shooting. This does little for continuity in public events like, say a speaker or a lecture. Perhaps this camera is better suited for 'B' roll than providing a continuous flow.What's sad is all of the 2GB file limit DEAD STOP and the AVCHD could be resolved with a firmware upgrade...fat chance. Panasonic's got your money so now you can crawl into a hole AND DIE so far as the company is concerned. This arrangement was so thoughtless in avoiding attention to detail and ergonomics.On the up side, the camera is highly portable, produces reasonably respectable IQ for its size, has CCD technology better implemented than Panasonic's ZS10 CMOS camera. There are plenty of fun features including a plethora of scene modes, a menu system that's easy enough to learn but a weak internal flash. To its credit, the autofocus works well in video mode and the IA (intelligent) mode is reasonably effective. There are also a host of manual options which makes the unit attractive to a wide spectrum of consumers. For travel and taking snaps, it's ideal...and it won't bankrupt you.Somebody needs to jail break this camera by hacking the firmware to provide AVCHD and sequential 2GB file creation. 8 minutes just ain't long enough--even for porn producers. Didn't the Rodney King beating last longer than that? Weddings?--well, given the current average length of matrimony...maybe!