Having purchased an Olympus D-580 a few months back, and not having been thrilled with its auto-focusing ability for indoor photos, I decided to splurge and purchase the C-7000 after considering the Canon G6 and Sony DSCV3. The C-7000 has an AF Illuminator that the D-580 doesnt have; I figured this would solve the auto-focus issues I had experienced with my D-580 while taking indoor photos. Wrong. Under indoor, lamp-lit conditions, the C-7000 often takes several seconds to focus and then, when the green "focus indicator" light finally comes on, a quick glance at the monitor reveals that the camera is obviously NOT focused. (And, your subjects will probably be wondering how much longer they're going to have that red AF Illuminator shining in their eyes.) Having said all that, I will admit that after using and practicing with the C-7000 for awhile, you sort of "get the hang of" (for lack of a better term) the auto-focus and can achieve acceptable results. I also found it helpful to adjust the camera to "always auto-focus," which is an added drain on the battery, but seems to improve focusing performance. But, all things considered, I'd prefer to just be able to point the camera at my subject and shoot rather than wrestle with an inferior auto-focus. For a $500-$600 camera, I think Olympus can do better.On the good side, this 7.1 megapixel camera does take very good, very high resolution photos (see my samples) and is solidly constructed (aluminum and plastic). All sorts of settings, ranging from full auto to full manual, including aperture priority, shutter priority etc... I basically leave it on auto, but I did go in and increase the color saturation and the contrast a bit. This compact, easy to carry camera also has a nice selection of features as well (I couldn't get the red-eye reduction feature to work, but oh well: I can fix those better on the computer, anyway.) The C-7000 also allows you to take black-and-white or sepia photos, but you have to switch into either mode BEFORE you take the pictures, whereas the D-580 allows you to make B&W; or sepia versions of photos you've already taken. Battery life is decent; it takes just under 2 hours to give the battery a full charge, so buy a spare. The C-7000 uses a proprietary battery so you can't just swing into a convenience store and buy some Duracells to throw into it...The big question: If I had it to do over again, would I still go with the C-7000? No. I'd choose between the Canon G6 or Sony DSCV3. But, I'll stick with the C-7000 for now. Over time and settings adjustments, I suspect I'll learn to like this camera.2/19/05 - UpdateAfter using this camera for a month and a half, reading other user's reviews and forum postings, I realize that the C-7000 does have critical auto-focusing issues. I called Olympus tech support and spoke with a gentleman who suggested putting the camera in "night" mode when taking pictures around the house. He then suggested I use "sports" mode when taking pictures of the kids, because "they're always running around." Why the camera won't focus when my kid is sitting perfectly still in a chair smiling patiently at me while the auto-focus grinds away remained unexplained. At any rate, I decided to email Olympus through their website - hoping the question would reach someone who understands the difference between auto-focus and exposure settings -  and ask about the C-7000's auto-focus issue. To date, I've received no response. My advice? Steer clear.