I ordered this camera because the product description stated that it allowed "users to access the camera anywhere in the world by using a Web browser." In my work, we are doing a lot of video, audio conferencing using packages such as NetMeeting, SharedView, Communicator and son on. I, naively, assumed that a product making such a claim, would be easily set up in a way that allowed me to see what was going on in my living room while I was at work, on the road or on vacation. What follows, is my story.One clarification: I am not a geek, but I am not technologically dumb either. For example, I have some understanding of DHCP, DNS, IP, firewalls, routers and 802.11 but I'd rather not mess up with them.I did not encounter too many problems setting up the camera for local use/control. The manual on the disk is a .pdf file in English but I could not say that it was well-written. After about half an hour to one hour of installing the 2 software items and unnecessarily messing with my wireless router, the camera began sending some video to my computer. By the way, the manual seems to be incorrectly stating that you must connect through a wire to your wireless router and gives some very confusing and sometimes misleading advice on how to set up the camera's IP address. In my case, connecting the camera through a wire to my Linksys router PREVENTED the configuration utility to complete. The setup eventually completed but only AFTER I removed the wire.The pictures sent to the computer are of a poor quality - and I am a bit generous stating this. The maximum resolution is a poor 640x480. There is a noticeable delay, 1+ seconds in transmission, even when the camera is on a local loop. Control is possible but response is slow. The 'zoom' button does not do anything.One other problem seems to be the way this camera works with DHCP. Even though the camera has a unique MAC address, every time the router's DHCP assigns it a new IP address, the software thinks that it sees a new camera. What this means is that you may end up with an undetermined number of 'cameras' in the software interface running on your computer, all attempting to control the same device and you will have to guess which one is the one that actually can connect to the camera, every time you reset either your camera or your router.Now... to the "access the camera from anywhere in the world" part. It is VERY DIFFICULT to set it up because the vendor does not provide the software and the IP support needed and expects the end-user to go to 'third parties' for that - which is fine but is not mentioned in the 'product description', on the box or in the manuals that come with the camera. Like someone else who reviewed this device, I had to call the tech support. After some 10-15 minutes of elevator music, someone in India picked up the phone and asked for my phone number, email address, type of camera, date of birth, marital status, favorite food (just kidding). After she was satisfied with my answers she told me that someone was going to call me back later and she hung up. Someone never did. I called again and, to my surprise, the guy in India picked up the phone immediately. I wish I could say that he offered some competent advice, but he didn't. He did suggest that, to make the camera work over the Net, I had to open an account with some independent outfit that allows you to get a DNS name for your device and, therefore, at least in theory, be able to access the camera over the net. It's a cumbersome process and, in my case, it did not work very well. It involves getting and setting up a DNS name for your camera, punching holes into your firewall, regularly running some utility on your computer and updating your information on that site... too complicated and, in the end, not worth the effort.To be fair, I believe that this camera COULD be set up to be accessed and controlled over the Internet IF you could afford a dedicated, permanent IP address to it and you properly set up your router and firewall.The product gets 2 stars because someone COULD make it work. It's not a defective product. It's just very hard to make it do what it claims that it can do and the vendor's tech support or the provided documentation are not helping.I can see how a good market for this product would be those technical schools where the students learn how to set up and troubleshoot these things.I titled my review 'Incomplete' because of the several things missing in this package: a usable manual, competent technical support and support for a DNS name so that the camera can be accessed from the Web when a dedicated IP is not a practical option.