As the title indicates I absolutely LOVE this camera! I recommend it to all my friends. This is my first digital camera and I did A LOT of research before I bought one because I knew NOTHING when I started. Before this camera, I had/have a Pentax Zoom 105R (film) which I absolutely loved and still love. but, I'd been wanting a digital and one main reason was to take it on a ghost hunting tour. (The orbs and ectoplasm show up much better on digitals rather than film for some reason, and you get to see them instantly with a digital). :-) Anyway, the tour takes place primarily at night, and in some dark areas (dark pubs and graveyards) and I'd read that a lot of the digitals don't do well in low light situations. I bought this model because it had automatic settings as well as manual settings so I could adjust for low light. Well, the Canon took FANTASTIC pictures in almost complete darkness! And the pics I took on the tour in Sepia and Black and White turned out really cool!  I didn't think I'd need a huge zoom since my film camera has such a huge zoom. I figured I could just use the Pentax when I needed a big zoom and the digital zoom on the Canon is generally sufficient. I don't use the Optical zoom at all because it starts looking grainy and fuzzy. I think if I was going to buy another digital, I'd go ahead and invest in this same type of Canon but with larger zoom because I've found I never take my film camera with me anymore and sometimes it would be nice to have a little more zoom capability. Generally this camera takes AWESOME pictures in almost every situation. I've compared ease of use and quality of pictures to my friends'cameras and I think my Canon blows them away. It is also small, so it actually fits in my jeans' back pocket. The LCD monitor is a nice size so I use it almost exclusively vs. the viewfinder. The movie/sound function is pretty cool too. I've taken movies of friends skiing, puppies running around and my cat flying thru the air chasing a bug, and they all turned out great. I do have to be careful about what I say as I am filming because the microphone is pointed toward the filmer not the subject, for some bizarre reason. For instance, I've got recordings of "me" saying "Oh crap" when I goofed up something while shooting a movie. :-) ---- I really like the brushed, silver metal body. I thought it might scratch easily, but 6 months later and there isn't a scratch on it. And it feels solid, so I don't worry about it breaking easily. ----- The software that comes with this camera is excellent!! You just plug one end of the cable to the side of the camera and one end to your USB port and the software automatically comes up on your screen! Once you've programmed it the first time to the folder you want to download to, about the only thing you have to do is hit "Next". It is so unbelievably simple! Much easier than what my friends have said theirs are.  --------  The only things that are a little annoying are: 1) the battery cover is on the bottom of the camera directly below the shutter button which means your thumb is usually there to hold the camera. I've found that the cover slides off too easily and when it does, the power goes off. Several times, I've thought my battery was dead only to discover the cover was open. (Luckily it is attached so it won't fall off - and the battery has a little hinge over it so it won't fall out either). ---- 2) The Optical zoom is pretty much worthless because it gets so fuzzy when you get to it. (the zoom automaticaly goes thru the digital zoom settings, THEN to Optical). I just stop zooming when it digital zoom gets to the maximum. --- 3) There is a delay between when you first press the shutter button and when it actually takes the picture. I frequently take pictures of squirming puppies for my mother's website. As you can imagine, I've missed some shots because of the delay. Luckily, it's digital so I can just delete and keep snapping away. Go to [a website] if you want to see examples of pictures this camera has taken. Every picture on this site was taken with this Canon. Note: the pics that appear "blurry" around the edges were done that way on purpose with editing software. **** One helpful hint, as everyone else says, go ahead and invest in a backup battery. They are rechargable and the recharger comes with the camera so it's easy to be recharging a battery while using the other. I also bought a 128MB memory card. The camera comes with an 8MB, but believe me, once you start snapping pictures with this camera, that won't be enough. I've shot 128 pictures on the medium quality setting and still didn't use up my card.