Firstly don't go paying more than the $429 that Canon retail this camera at.Canon will not make the same mistake as Panasonic, the cameras are appearing every week at stores and on Amazon, but they do go fast.I got mine from Best Buy, (with a 10% off coupon as well!), but all 3 had gone by the following day.As to my thoughts on the camera itself.I love my photograghy and have a nice SLR setup for those times that I know I need to take photos... but I am always looking for a decent compact camera that can come with me everywhere and satisfy my fussy needs for a decent quality picture.Many cameras are out there that take great photographs in outdoor conditions, but all these portable cameras suffer as soon as you bring them inside and need to use the flash.Without the ability to bounce the light, pictures just become washed out and the red eyed beast appears more often than not, and since most of my photos seem to be indoors, this is a real issue.But I have to say this little machine is tremendous in low light conditions.I was at a kids party in a bowling alley, the lights were very dim, but in the program mode, keeping the lens towards the wide angles (<35mm), I got great shots with no flash required.I then tried the special low light mode, and I got decent shots at >50mm range... I wouldn't blow them up to poster size, but at 6x4 they are just great.  Even when the flash fired, the pictures were better than that obtained from my ageing G7.Undoubtedly my 40D SLR is better, with much faster focusing and shutter response, but the S90 was no slouch, which frankly surprised me, but remember, it is not meant to replace an SLR, but let you take great photos at times where carrying full kit is not convenient.Although I have seen some complain about build quality, mine is fine... no "clicking" plastic behind the flash.  Although its compactness does make me think that it might not survive the 4 foot drop onto concrete that my G7 survived!SO WHY ONLY 4 STARS?... A compact camera needs to make taking photographs painless.  I want to change settings and know that that next time I take a photo, that those settings are the same.However the rear control wheel is VERY sensitive.  There is no click stop resistance to it, and unless you are in 'Auto" mode, it is always active.  In most modes, this wheel controls exposure compensation, meaning that if do not check before you take EVERY photo, the chances are that the exposure compensation has been accidently changed.I have mitigated some of this frustration by changing the front control ring to alter exposture, meaning the rear wheel automatically changes to setting ISO sensitivity.  However I found I took four photos yesterday at 3200 ISO becasue I knocked the wheel without checking.This is a potential software fix.  Canon just need to to set an additional option for the customizable shortcut button to enable it to toggle locking or unlocking of the control wheel... Job Done.If it was not for this annoyance this would be a definite 5 star product from me.