I bought this monitor because of a friend referral.  I also bought the Summer 3.5 Touch, and the Motorola MBP35 (3.5 screen).  I originally bought the Summer Touch but wasn't 100% sold on it.  That is why i purchased the other two.First off, the good:- Screen Clarity - Seemed better than the Summer and about the same as the Motorola.- Night Vision - This monitor had the best vision at night of all of the monitors.  Everything was much brighter and easier to see. (also listed in the Negatives later).- Battery life - It seemed to get around 5 hours on a charge.  About the same or a tad less than the Summer, but about 2 hours better than the Motorola.- Ability to record and save. - I only played with this feature, but I thought it would be great to have if a nanny or babysitter was over and you could keep track of the actual happenings with your baby. - Neither of the other two monitors had this feature.- Lullaby function - I'm not sure how much this would actually be used, but I thought it was a nice feature to have.  The Motorola also had this.- Night Light - Again, not sure how much it would be used, but another nice feature.  Neither of the other two monitors had this.- VIDEO STAYS ON when off of the charger. - I thought this was a great feature because on the other monitors you have to keep pressing the video button after it automatically times out after about 2 minutes to be able to see the screen and what is going on.  They do this as a power saving feature but it is more aggravating than anything.  The Lorex stays on and makes it easy.- The ability to add other cameras and be able to view them all simultaneously.  The other two monitors allow you to add cameras, but have to view one at a time.  Again, not sure if most parents would ever need this, but it is a nice feature.Now, with the BAD.- No Zoom feature on the Lorex.  Both the Summer and Motorola have this ability.  It has a pretty clear picture, but there are times where I want to zoom in on my child and could not.- No Panning feature on the Lorex.  Both the Summer and Motorola have this.  While this may be ok with some who just want to see a certain area of the crib, or don't mind leaving the camera in a fixed place, it could be an issue for others.  I thought I could easily get past this, but I couldn't.- Audio - When compared to the Summer, you practically had to lay your ear on the back of the monitor (where the speaker is) to be able to hear the child.  The Summer picks up the swing going back and forth, and allows you to adjust the volume to hear much more than the Lorex.- The Talk function. - If you put your mouth right on the microphone, it works ok.  However, testing it with my wife and the Summer, she continuously said the Summer's sound quality on the other end was much better.- Audio Alerts. - a great idea for a feature, but it randomly worked and was more irritating than anything.- The Auto Mute, and Scan features. - While these are great features to have, they did not seem to work.  They randomly chose when to turn on and it usually had to come from a loud noise, but sometimes chose not to even come on then. - And YES, I did adjust the sensitivity on the side.- Skype - while this is a GREAT selling point, it has its flaws.  First, you cannot plug the monitor into a Mac computer to use this feature.  Second, even when plugged into a PC, the video is so far behind and lacking once on Skype, it takes away the usefulness of the feature all together.  Sometimes it would not even show movements that clearly happened.- Inability to connect the monitor to a TV or other video source.  The Summer allows you to connect the monitor to a TV through RCA/mini usb so that you can view it on a larger screen if desired.  The Lorex and Motorola do not.- The Night Vision. - While stated as a positive earlier (which it is), it also has a slight negative.  The LED's on the camera are red and clearly visible at night, whereas the ones for the other monitors are not.  This may bother or alert some children/etc., and may not for others.  It is just a point I thought I should mention.After wanting to love this monitor and replace the Summer with it (already sent the Motorola back due to lack of technical support and inability to plug into another video source), I am afraid I am going to have to send the Lorex back as well.  I wish someone would take the good parts of each of these monitors and combine them, but as of now, they have not.  For now, we are sticking with the Summer monitor because it had the least negatives of all 3.  I think the main reason I wanted something instead of the Summer monitor is because they specialize in baby clothes, products, etc.  Motorola and Lorex specialize in communications and surveillance, therefore I figured there products would be better.  I was mistaken.