The Leica M9 has a very good sensor but is primitive and has very limited capabilities compared to a DSLR.  It exists only to provide a full frame body to mount Leica and Zeiss M lenses.  That said, it can produce some of the best photographs of any camera, especially landscapes.Shooting a Leica M is a lesson in the importance of lenses.  I now realize how much lenses are the basis of any camera system followed closely by the quality of the camera sensor.  A sensor cannot correct a deficient lens.  Garbage in, garbage out.  Leica's M lenses must be shot to be believed.  Thirty year old Leica M lenses are noticeably superior to any Canon lens, although Canon's new 24-70 f2.8 II and both 70-200 zooms are getting close to the same magic.  Leica M bodies only exist, and their cost can only be justified, as a means to shoot these astonishing lenses.  The biggest problem, after getting enough money to afford the stuff, is finding lenses to buy.  All of the Leica lenses I have (35mm f2, 50mm f2 and a 90mm f2.8) were purchased used.  I had to check sites offering used lenses frequently to find them and it took several months.  I would have bought new if they were available.  (I did manage to find a Zeiss 21mm f2.8 new that is also a terrific lens).  These are not mass produced.The quality of the lenses is hard to adequately describe.  I also shoot a Canon DSLR (1Ds, 1DSIII and now 5DIII) with the best Canon lenses.  I bought the M9 originally to have a smaller camera to hike with and carry while traveling but now the M9 is my first choice.  I only shoot the Canon if I need its additional versatility (which is quite often -- the Canon body is far superior in every respect).  Shots taken with the M9 and a Leica or Zeiss lens have more detail than any other camera I have used.  But it is more than just the quantity of detail.  The quality of the details seems more natural, more real.  I think the difference is that Leica lenses capture more real detail to begin with and the images are less computer generated.  Colors and contrast are also very rich and the balance is really engaging.  I recently made a 17" x 22" cropped print of a landscape taken with the M9 and 35mm f2 Leica lens.  Small bushes can be clearly seen that are more than 1000' below and a mile away from where I took the shot.  All of the Leica and Zeiss lenses I own outresolve the M9's 18 mp sensor.  The more you enlarge the more the details pop until the pixels finally turn to squares at about 300x enlargement.  Shooting the Leica has turned me into a detail junkie.Another reason for the crisp detail is the lack of an AA filter in the M9.  This occasionally results in moire which is a strange and unreal color and design pattern in areas with close parallel lines.  Moire does not happen often but it is a trade off.  Many photographers report never seeing moire either with the M9 or the new Nikon D800E.Manual focusing has pluses and minuses.  Often it is easy and fast.  If you are shooting a landscape at infinity you just set the focus and aperture and fire away.  You don't worry about autofocus inadvertently missing infinity.  Because of the extraordinary clarity and speed of the lenses coupled to a full frame sensor, the M9 has the same depth of field characteristics as a DSLR and can take terrific selective focus shots.The M9 doesn't have much high ISO capability (it goes to 2500 and that is pretty grainy) and the camera is really hit and miss if shooting anything close in that is moving.  Manual focusing in that context is really difficult.  Because of the configuration of the lens and sensor, very wide angle and long telephoto shots are not possible.  The many manual settings can also be frustrating.  To shoot the 21mm lens I have to set the lens manually in the camera menu then mount a separate viewfinder on the flash mount.  I have to first focus through the rangefinder and then look through the separate viewfinder to frame the shot.  Some people love to do that.  I don't.  In the end putting up with so many limitations and hassles is a testament to the great images this camera produces.