Eclipsed ONLY by the lower-end Casio Exilim cameras in sheer compactness, the appeal of the SD10 in all its various colors is obvious: 4 megapixel snapshots in a package so compact that it won't even feel like a presence in your pocket.  For those desiring a digital camera half as a camera and half as a fashion accessory, this is the way to go.For those more performance minded, however, consider the following.Pros:-Smallest 4 megapixel digi-cam on the market.-Slightly above average start-up time (especially important for snapshooters, whom this camera is geared toward).-Sleek, sexy design.-Canon's 5 point autofocus system, while not especially powerful, is better than the average ultracompact 4 megapixel camera's system.-Canon's image sensor captures better quality images than most other cameras do, within the same style.-Canon STILL uses Compact Flash technology, which is a significantly cheaper media than sD or xD, so you save money here as opposed to competing cameras.Cons:-Picture quality is noticably worse than Canon's other 4 megapixel cameras (S400/410, A75/80, S45).  You pay for the compactness somehow: apparently this is how.-No optical zoom.  While a larger-than-you-might-think majority of people actually do not have much need for optical zoom in an everyday setting, those purchasing this camera for trips may be disappointed.-NO OPTICAL VIEWFINDER.  Again, most people who purchase an ultracompact digi-cam aren't photo enthusiasts and are content to snap off pictures using the LCD as their only reference, but this is bound to be a factor for some customers.  I wouldn't purchase this camera on this point alone, but only because I avoid using the LCD for anything at all times because of the drain it puts on the battery.  Not to mention Canon compacts have a tiny (1.5") LCD that warrants use of the optical viewfinder.Having said all that, I have to recommend that anyone looking at getting this camera STRONGLY consider the Canon S410 as an alternative.  It is only mildly larger than this camera and has the same resolution, settings, but much better photo quality.  It also has a 3x optical zoom lens, which ends up being an asset at times you didn't expect (think: those 30th row floor seats at a concert, capturing that mountain view from a distance, that gorgeous woman you spied walking across the other side of the club).Misc. Note for a large number of digi-cam purchasers:90% of people who purchase a camera with higher than 3 megapixel resolution do not need it.  With a 3 megapixel camera, you can make prints of up to 5 x 7 without a noticable loss of quality, and barely any loss of quality for 8 x 10.  If your computer is running at 1600x1200 resolution, the maximum size picture taken by a 3 megapixel camera will more than fill the screen.  The moral of the story is this: do not be lured by larger megapixel sensors that you do not need.  Look at how the camera performs in other ways, and what features you'd find the most useful.  The only reasons you might want a larger resolution camera are: because you intend to crop a large majority of your photos, because you want to make poster-size prints, or because you're a graphic artist that needs to be working with as many pixels as possible to ensure quality.