Opinions:---------I bought this camera because I wanted a low profile, a slim and sleek camera, while having good picture quality.My first opinion when holding this camera is that it is light-weight. I thought it would have a nice weight to it, like an iPhone. I can't complain, because this is probably better especially when you want to carry it in your shirt pocket and you won't look like a fool.The sliding mechanism that covers the lens is actually a thin sheet of metal coated with your favorite camera color. I think this gives it a cheap feel, but probably contributes to its lightweight.The OLED display is respectable. The pixel density is not like the latest DSLR camera display, the pixels are identifiable but still a good display.I use a Transcend 16 GB Class 10 SDHC Flash Memory Card TS16GSDHC10E with this camera. Under maximum picture quality and size settings, it estimates about nearly 2800 possible pictures that can be taken (from when it was formatted). This is an estimate, usually it's  more based on my experience with other cameras (the estimate adjusts as the card fills up). Picture sizes vary between 2MB to 6MB (16MP size; 4608x3456), excluding some outliers.HD video is very good. the files are AVCHD videos, in *.m2ts files, the frame rate is smooth, and you can zoom in and out (4x optical, I disable digital zoom) while recording. One quirk about the video recording feature is that when I switch it to video mode, it automatically starts recording. And to stop recording and record again, I need touch the record-button on the screen rather than the dedicated capture button. It is possible to record in MPEG file format for compatibility, but it won't be in the highest-quality than what this camera was designed for. With this camera, you can take pictures while recording a movie, except in the highest video-quality (60p?) mode.Taking the pictures in ideal conditions (daylight, minimal clouds), the pictures are good, but it has hardware limitations. The CMOS sensor may be "EXMOR R" (whatever advertised connotation that may be), but 16.2 megapixels on such a small sensor leaves blurry image details when viewing at 1:1 ratio. But 16MP gives you more freedom to re-size and crop your images.The camera uses the Sony NPBN1 Rechargeable Lithium Ion Type N Battery Pack. But having such a large display (3.5 inch) and capturing HD videos and large images takes a toll on the battery life.This camera is compatible with SD card (SDHC, SDXC) in addition to Memory Stick. 5+ years ago, I used to own 2 Sony cameras, but I switched to Canon. I did it solely because Sony only prefers Memory Stick (little competition on speed, pricing, compatibility). I'm giving Sony a chance to redeem themselves.The 3D images are a gimmick. The image quality is reduced (and jagged) and it requires special software to view it. The included software can view it and you can connect it to a Playstation 3 to view it as well. The file format is in *.modd, and currently has limited usage outside of Sony.The panoramic image feature is OK. It takes images in a long burst (10 images) and compiles them into a single large image, but it is jagged (like the 3D images) where the images are combined.I picked this camera mainly because of its physical design, as well as the specs (large display, SD compatibility, HD video recording, and good auto-mode). I knew the camera has hardware limitations (Comes with all point-and-shoot. I'm spoiled by the DSLR image-quality), but I don't intend to carry a large camera (like DSLR) to parties or clubs. I want something that fits in my pocket.This camera is targeted at non-professionals who want to take good pictures that ultimately end up on their social-networking sites. This camera is intended for people who use the auto-mode that instantaneously detects and adjusts to the most appropriate settings to take great pictures. This camera does a great job, especially in low-light conditions, such as night events.Suggestions:------------Turn off GPS geotagging for privacy.When sliding the lens-cover open and during normal operation, it's easy to touch the lens with your finger. Cloth, including microfiber, does little to remove oil and usually smears more oil onto the lens. I actually use a "lens pen" to clean it. One end has a soft brush (lens safe) and the other end has a carbon powdered-tip. Carbon is good at removing oil and you can brush off any dust after. The cap that covers the carbon-tipped end has more carbon, so you can put the cap back on, and twist it a few times to get more.