I've just recently sold my s602 with the intent of switching to the highly anticipated release of fuji's newest edition of s-series camera---the s7000, which should be due out in october 2003.  But for the 4 months that i owned the s602, i was very impressed with many of the features that had been an improvement from many of the previous models.  This camera is BY FAR the BEST ergonomically shaped with excellent added attention to button orientation and placement.  The zoom in/out buttons are placed in the position that are easily accessed by the thumb which means you can zoom without taking your eye off the subject, limiting time spent searching for buttons.  In addition, they're also tilted at a slight diagonal angle to insure that it meets the normal relaxed position of the operator's thumb.  The on/off switch is rotational which means the operator won't accidentally turn off the camera.  The camera body itself is very compact and very light.  It adopts the make-up of many high-end digital slr's.Other features that impressed me besides the exterior were the "honey-comb" ccd image censor (super ccd) and the lcd screen.  The super ccd image sensor allows the effective megapixel count to double this means an image taken at 3.3 mp may be optionally captured at a very high resolution of 6mp.  One thing that separated this camera from other more expensive cameras was the LCD screen.  The battery efficient lcd screen allows a user to take 400-500 shots before needing to change batteries.  There's even a light that tells you when the batteries are low (green for good, orange for low batteries).  The lcd screen resonates more crisp images with far less "dead pixel" count than better than Sony's F717 "L-shaped camera" as well as Canon's G5, G4, G3...  I've also realized that the s602's lcd screen has a stain resistant + protective plastic plate that makes the lcd screen a lot more durable on trips.  If you don't trust me, please test it out for yourself at any electronics store.  You'll see an instant choppy graininess in the image quality from the aforementioned models that you won't see from the s602.  Moreover, unlike most cameras offered in the market, the s602 features multiple media outlets.  There are 2 media drives and the cool thing about them is that you can use two at the same time; you just need to toggle between them in the menu.  This allows you to have more choices in what type of media to use and it also allows for a backup card if the one currently in use is full.  For example, if your 64mb smartmedia drive is full, you can go to the menu and change to the microdrive that supports up to 1gb of storage!!!  Besides the media storage i was also impressed by the electronic viewfinder.  It's a lot more accurate than most optical viewfinders (that is, in reference to digital cameras).  And it's also a great alternative to the lcd screen and battery efficiency.  This camera has a lot of manual control and the pictures come out very nice.  There's a built-in flash, but it also supports an external flash with the hotshoe that's placed over the built-in flash.  The zoom on the camera has a macro option for close up pictures, which compliments its 6x capability.  This camera also provides streamline 30fps movie mode which has no time limit.  The 30 fps is equivalent to a camcorder (but the audio is horrible and sounds like it came from a paper-cup).  This far outweights canon's g4 camera with a limited 3x zoom and 3minute limitation on 20 fps.With all the positive things going for the camera i could only find 2 negatives.  One was the fact that besides, excellent macro zoom, the camera had only 1 lousy focusing point.  That was a major reason for selling the camera.  It's difficult to get multiple subjects from different field depths to be in focus, especially when i was trying to take a macro close-up of a lizard in my backyard.  Even Sony's f717 has 5 focusing points.  My other big complaint is that the camera has a VERY noisy zoom/focusing drive train.  I don't understand why fuji decided to have such an loud drive train mechanism controlling the lens.  Sony's f717 is super quiet, you can't even hear the it zoom or focus in the act.  This kind of goes along with my other qualm with the cheap construction of the camera.  The buttons are made of cheap plastic and pretty flimsy.  I hope i've provided some info that other users of this camera haven't.  If you're suspicious of my review of this camera in anyway, please go to your local Fry's or Best Buy and try it out yourself.