I bought the Sony f828 second hand 2 months ago for SGD$650, which is about USD$430ish. I fell in love with it the first time I held it when it first came out, but it was way too expensive. Now it is mine!The f828 has come down in price, yet it remains very competitive in terms of appearance, features and results.All this previous brouhaha about "purple fringing" and "excessive graininess" was, in technical jargon, a load of bulldust.Perhaps one of the reasons people had criticisms about it was it's high price. If it had been originally priced 35% cheaper, in line with it's other prosumer contemporaries, maybe it would have fared better reviewise. But then again, Sony has always priced itself higher than other brands.Back to the present though. I've taken about 150 shots and I find it is an immensely versatile camera.It takes two types of memory cards (I have a 1GB Compact Flash and 2 GB Sony Mem Stick Duo primed and loaded), it has a gorgeous lens which focuses mega fast and has a very useful zoom range from wide angle 28mm to 200mm. This is far more versatile than the f828 replacement, the R1. In addition, I love having shutter speed control, manual zoom and focus, manual flash and tilting the handgrip so you dont have to hold the LCD screen near your eyes like a dork.The photos arent bad either. Sony has always had excellent colour and this is no different. I admit that it is not as perfect as a dSLR (I had a Canon 350d prior to this. Pic quality was awesome) but since i rarely print photos, this is not an issue. I usually store pics on computer, burning them onto VCD as backup. If I want to share, I post them online. A lot more "modern" people do that than people realise. Not everyone wants to print hundreds of photos which are the size of an A4 sheet of paper.Are there any gripes?A larger LCD screen might be nicer, though I really have no problems with the 1.8 inch one provided. Current digi cameras all have 2.5 inch though.As one reviewer mentioned, it does get a bit heavy if you carry it around for hours on end.The instruction manual could use some improvement. There were a couple of times it would say something like "press the blah blah button to use the blah blah feature" without actually specifying where the button was, or how to find the controls for the feature.But overall I like the f828. At it's current second hand price, there is no digi camera which has it's features, and you have to pay a lot more to get superior features plus picture quality. The Panasonic FZ-50 has double the zoom range, but no wide angle and some people still think it has issues with grain. A dSLR with a useable 28-200mm lens costs triple or quadruple the price. (eg a Nikon dSLR with a Nikon 28-200mm lens)I hope some people find my opinion of some use :) Cheers!