It took me about a month to make up my mind on buying this DMC-ZS3. I even bought a Nikon first, but digging the DMC-ZS3. First let me qualify my opinion. I consider myself a hobby photographer, but close friends call me semi-pro. Been shooting film since 1984, my first digital camera was a Sony Mavica, and I've made numerous upgrades since then. I stopped using film altogether when I got my big gun is a Konica-Minolta Maxxum 7D. About 2 years ago I bought a Coolpix S550 and it has been in pocket nearly every day since then. It has held up well - but I wanted more. I tried the new Coolpix S570, and was mostly pleased, but the recycle time was a HUGE downer. From the moment I pressed the shutter button to when it was ready for the next shot, it was nearly 6 seconds. Almost 3 times that of the S550.So I get ready to buy a new camera, and I narrow it down to the DMC-ZS3 and the Canon SX200IS. If you have done any researching, you'll find these two models are almost always compared against one another. I went with the DMC-ZS3 only because the price was good - but I was fully prepared to buy the Canon as well, and send back the one I liked the least.The Canon has the manual settings, but after some soul searching I realized that I wanted a point and shoot, like the S550. If I want the manual controls and the full creativity that goes with them, I have the Maxxum.Size was important. I wanted something to fit in my pocket like the S550 and would always be there when I wanted it. The DMC-ZS3 is only slightly larger than S550, which was downright tiny. I think anyone who who calls the DMC-ZS3 big and bulky is not being fair. It really is small and portable, when you consider the fat lens and huge screen on the back.Recycle time is as good if not slightly faster than my old S550. Push button, take shot, its ready for another shot in just over 2 seconds. And that is not using the multi-shot burst mode. Startup time is about 2 seconds, too.Lots have critiqued the non-metal housing. The finish makes it feel like metal. Its quality and feels pretty solid. Many say the main function control on the top is loose. Yeah, it does occasionally switch positions on you if you rub against it, but I wouldn't call it loose. Its no big deal at all to flip it back where it belongs.The images are very good. Marco is awesome. You can just about touch the lens to what you are looking at and it will focus. The wide angle is also a big plus. Take a few pictures inside a small room and you'll see what you have been missing with the standard issue point and shoot cameras. The images are great.All in all, I'm very pleased with the DMC-ZS3 and will not seek out the Canon to see if I would like it better. Its fast, takes great pictures, its small yet more then enough lens. I have no gripes about it at all so far.