Kodak Easyshare Z812IS 8.2MP Digital Camera with 12x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom I picked up this camera recently as a replacement for  a Kodak z710.  I was not entirely happy with the z710, but I was familiar with its feature set, and thought the extra megapixel on the 812 might be a slight improvement.  Boy was I in for a shock!  I took the darned thing out of the box in the parking lot of the store where I bought it, popped in the battery, attached the lens cap and neckstrap, and snapped a few quick ones through the windshield - and I was blown away.  This camera is in a whole different catagory from its predecessor.  The color quality is vibrant and intense, the feature set is broad and inclusive. The 12x optical zoom is nothing short of miraculous, coupled with Kodak's image stabilizing system to bring you into the action without losing sharp detail.The Z812 has a few bells and whistles that I wasn't expecting - for example , in panoramic mode it allows you to, in camera, produce seamless panoramic shots stiched together from three separate shots. Get this - you shoot the far left area of the scene.  In your next shot on the viewfinder you will see a small section of the previous shot superimposed over the next area - so you can line up your shots perfectly!  The z812 does the same for the third shot - and shazaam!  Stiches the three together perfectly, matching exposure and color saturation!The z812 picks up incredible detail, has multiple and complex focussing cababilities, and the eight pixels let me print quite competently up to the full 13x19 that my printer allows without visible artifacting.  In a pinch it also allows for some serious cropping!In sillhoette/backlighting situations I have not noticed any purple fringing at all - that had been a problem with previous cameras.  Detail is good, even in subjects like distant foliage (which had not been the case with the 710!)And there are loads of useful other settings as well.  The candlelight setting does a nice job of capturing warm and well exposed images with a minimum amount of light, and almost no digital noise!The manual settings are great too - easy to find in the menu, and with a decent spectrum of settings.The burst setting is very much improved too -  the camera almost instantly generates your images - they show up on the viewfinder as they are being shot!  Nice touch.The 2.5 inch HD LCD display is huge and crystal clear, and the viewfinder offers a near HD image as well.  You can (finally) really see what you are shooting in any light!  (although it picks up some digital noise at higher ASA settings.)The buttons are all conveniently positioned for easy access.And if all that is not enough - get ready to be blown away by the video capabilities of this camera.  I shot 20 minutes of footage at a Gunfight in Tombstone AZ.  It looked good on the camera screen, but I was ready to be disappointed when I got it on to my computer screen.Well, folks, I have to tell you I was not disappointed.  The video was crisp, clear and colorful, without alot of posterizing (which had been a problem with the video on earlier models) In dim light there was a bit of digital noise in the videos.  It may not be on par with some of the high end HD recorders out there, but its better than alot of the low end ones I've tried, and with a little practice and study, I suspect I can produce some really nice movies with this.The camera interfaced easily with iPhoto and with the Adobe CS3Bridge to upload my photos and movies in record time!And that is just denting the surface.  As I've said, I've only had the camera for a few days, and only shot 200 or so images.AddendaFive months after purchase I am still extremely happy with this camera.  Much as I appreciated the automatic functions in the first few weeks, I'm reaching the point where I nearly always have the camera in Manual setting mode - its easy to shift between aperture, shutter speed, and ASA settings (there is a little wheel on the upper right side of the camera at the back, easily accessible by thumb! Turn it to select the function, press it to set your level.)  I don't hesitate any more to take multiple bracketed exposures at different settings.I have been impressed with how well this camera operates under most natural light conditions.  My one minor annoyance is that occasionally it decides on its own that it wants a flash - and I have to push the flash shut, and hit the "no flash" option to override it.  A minor annoyance and an avoidable one (a bit more thought in the moment!)  I've used it in nearly every imaginable lighting condition - from very bright noonday sun, to night shots, and have been able to capture just what I wanted.If I have any disappointment with the camera to date it is that it does such a good job of capturing the shot I want that there's no need to play with the images in Photoshop! My 2 GB SD memory card will take around 730 shots - although the battery, fully charged will only handle around 250.  With spare battery in my bag, I can shoot for a week without plugging in or having to download anything.So, in a nutshell, here's my assessment - a great camera, at a great price, with an  Intuitive interface and an easy  learning curve!  If you are on the verge of stepping up to an SLR, but not ready to fork over the $700 this is a very reasonable alternative!Great job, Kodak!