- First: I typically use a Canon 30D with multiple lenses to get the results that I want.- Second: I am not a professional photographer, however a very experienced enthusiast.I bought this camera for my father for his birthday.  Throughout this, I have had the opportunity to use this camera myself, and also give my younger brother a very short lesson on how to use cameras and what ISO, Aperture, Shutter Speed and the rest of all the details are on cameras.  I spent one evening and 30 minutes of field work with my brother, who has no camera experience whatsoever, and he walked away producing several photos that I was very impressed with.After using this camera in Full Manual with utilizing the setting to manually set the "Film Mode", I have to say that I am extremely impressed with this camera.  My next camera was going to be the Canon 7D.  However, after working with this camera I believe that I will get this camera for my own use within the next few months - mind you I own a Canon 30D with several Canon lenses along with others by third party manufacturers.Ultimately, a very good camera.  However, I can honestly say that one truly needs to get into the full manual modes to completely appreciate the capabilities of this camera.  It offers some of the settings which are not found in cameras $20 less than this.  In addition, some of the auto settings which come standard with this camera far exceed those which are offered in other cameras.One draw back - this camera does not offer HD video recording.In my opinion - WHO CARES?!  I DO NOT BUY STILL CAMERAS FOR MOTION PHOTOGRAPHY.  If you wish to get motion photography at its highest details, buy a Canon XH A1 ([...]); ([...]) or above if you are truly serious.  If not, there are more than enough sub $1K options available for those who wish to get HD video.Sorry, my opinion is that if you purchase a still photography camera for the purpose of still photography then motion photography is not a concern.  A convenience, however nowhere near a necessity nor a true concern.  -  There are plenty of options for HD capable video + still photography cameras (Canon, Sony, Nikon, Fuji, etc.)This is an excellent camera at a great price.  I got it for $400.  Absolutely one of the best cameras one could possible purchase for that price.Pros:- High speed memory card- Rechargeable Batter Pack- Lens - 30.5mm to 436mm (35mm equiv)- Fixed Lens - This lens is manually adjusted just like a pro lens.  The focal length is not adjusted electronically by use of a lever/dial.  One must manually adjust the focal length of this lens JUST like that of a lens which one would find on a Canon/Nikon higher end camera - such as a Canon 30D.- FILM IMITATION (Some of the best film [Fuji Velvia] on the market is by Fuji, which this camera can imitate.)Cons:- No HD Video PhotographyBuy. Enjoy.