The best digital camera I have ever seen for it size.  It really is an engineering marvel, it's size, workmenship, ease of use, great pictures, fastest from off to ready of any digital camera and the BEST Screen on any camera.  A word to people looking for real reviews on this camera, I have read all the reviews here and I will say that the good things they say about this camera are true, but the bad things they say are mostly untrue.  You are buying this carmera for size and the large screen and for it's size it is the BEST camera out there PERIOD.  Seems like people either do not know how to operate a camera or are just trying to find any flaw they can on this product.  Lets see them build something better then this camera.  Now for all you cry babies out there complaining about this or that, you buy a camera this size for convience so you can put it in you pants or shirt pocket .  I have many great film and digital cameras that might take better pictures but who cares if you never take them with you because they are too heavy and large and you have to carry them at all times?  The T-1 is the one I have with me all the time so I never miss a shot.  Who cares if you have a camera that takes the most perfect picture in the world if you never take it with you because it is not convient to do so.  Honestly, how many of you have the best intentions of taking your camera to a theme park but at the last minute leave it in the car because you don't want to be stuck carring it it all day, not with this camera, you will have it on your person at all times.  The pictures that this camera takes for it's size are Astonishing.  RED EYE, who has a camera that you don't get red eye?  Though there are ways to help prevent it, learn how to use the camera.  POWER CORDS/DOCK STATION, you do not need the docking station to charge the camera, just the power cords, again learn how to use the camera.  SLIDING LID PROBLEM, I never had this problem sliding the camera into my pocket, must be the person that has the problem.  COLOR BALANCE, I just don't see what this person is talking about but you can adjust it, learn how to use the camera.  NO VIEW FINDER, I didn't think anyone used them anymore, I would glady not have one in order to have the 2 1/2 inch display which you can see under any lighting conditions.  FLASH PICTURE TOO DARK, I don't see this problem at all, there is a flash setting (normal, high, low) again learn how to use the camera.  NO TRIPOD MOUNT, how did you expect to have one on a camera so compact and dense with electronics, well since you should have a case to protect this camera anyway and Sony has the perfect case for sale (Active Case AJK-THA) with a built in tripod mount get one.  The camera never has to come out of the case for taking pictures, you can screw a tripod in the bottom of the case, works great.  BATTERY DRAIN, No more so then any other camera, try switching off the camera when not in use, with the super fast startup when switched on you could have this camera off more often then other cameras.  I can't say enough about  how much I like this camera.  Is it for everyone, no, it's a small camera, some people may find the small size a bit awkward, the controls are simple to use but again because of the small size they are on the camera so you might hit one inadvertently.  It takes some getting use to holding this camera but after a few times using it becomes second nature and you will be taking great pictures with it.