I've spoken to customer service so many times to get this camera working that I've put them on speed dial!The good news is that they answer quickly and have a good data base to solve problems.  It would, of course, have been helpful if that info were on the web site.I am not going to repeat much of the features discussion here but rather, deal with installation other issues that I've learned and that may be useful:-Install both the IP Setup and the Secureview software.-Give the camera a Static IP address even if your router has a DHCP (not fixed) address.-Follow the installation instructions carefully,  The first task is to have your router recognize the camera's fixed IP address using IP Setup.-Make sure the camera is wired to the router; the router is hooked to your modem; everything is powered on.-Somewhere along the way, the program will ask you to install an active x control - perhaps more than once.  Make sure that you click on the appropate strip on the top of the page.-If the camera's IP address appears in the IP Setup window and you click it but can't get a picture, try Secureview.  If that works, then there is a problem with IE.-Especially if you have IE 8 or Windows 7, be prepared to download and install the newest software (you may have to connect the camera directly to your computer and follow instructions carefully). You might also try Tools - Compatibility View on IE.-Once you get a picture, note that the camera has a manual focus on the lens.  Watch the picture on your computer and slowly turn the lens from the edge with one finger without blocking the picture.If you plan to go wireless within your network:-Make sure that you have the IP address of your router (192.168.0.1, for example - look it up by brand on the web).  Also, any router user name and password you set up (default is probably admin.admin).  Also the encription key you put in.  If you need any of this and don't have it, you may have to reset the router and run the router set up again.-From Setup-Network-Wireless. Check Enable. Click on Site Survey, highlight your own home network, make sure the name appears in the box, set up the same encription and key that you set for other items that access your router. Click all the appropriate boxes.-Remember to disconnect the camera from the router, power it down and then up again.If wireless works and you want remote access, then note the following:-It will be necessary, especially if other items (TIVO, printer) are connected to the network, to change the port (Settings - Network - Network).  Your IP may also block port 80.  I went to 8001 to avoid problems.-You will need to go to dyndns to get a dynamic address.  Access the site from the computer you are using to install the camera so that dyndns has a starting IP.  You will create a user name and password and select a dyndns account name.-Log into your router and follow the router instructions to Port Forward 8001 or whatever you selected in the camera setup.  Once port forwarding is activated, you probably do not have to enter the dyndns information in your router.  You may not have to put in the DDNS settings in the camera network setup page either.-When you access your camera remotely, remember to start the address with http and end with :8001 (or your forward port).  It should look like: h t t p: / / (username) . dyndns . org: 8001 (no spaces).-There are issues setting up email and ftp forwarding.  The camera will not deal with encripted email servers nor will it change the smtp port from 25.  I have been unable to configure it to send email.-If you use FTP, note that the host address should be in the form of 00.00.00.00, not (ftp or h__p).On balance, this camera works more or less as advertised.  The picture is reasonable in good light; somewhat grainy in poor light.  The lens needs to be properly focused.  Digital zoom does not give a sharp picture. The panning range is impressive. I wish that the software were more up to date; that it could send encripted email through a different port and that the instructions were better.Still, this may be the best available for the price at this time.UPDATE 9/10. FTP UPLOADS.As noted, it is possible to use the camera's motion detect features to take photos and upload them to an FTP site than can be accessed through the internet.Research shows that some FTP sites have a monthly maintance fee.  I have been using a site called: transferum . com that provides limited but adequate FTP storage.  There is a one-time $1.00 fee (paypal) to join but no continuing fee, and members set a unique username and password.  The site can be accessed using an http command; specific FTP software is not required.  Pictures remain on the site until deleted by the user.  Note again that the when setting the camera, the FTP site must be referenced using its 00.00.00.00 address form.