UPDATE: Since I wrote this review, I've had to return 2 of these. The fit between the lens barrels is loose enough to let dust and lint into the camera, where it settles right on the sensor (the sensor is soldered flat to the circuit board, instead of being raised slightly). My pictures look like thay have bacteria or mold on them. I used to photoshop them, but now there's just too much dust, and that doesn't work with video anyway. A couple other models, including some Canons, supposedly do this. I read that the HZ30W also does this, so maybe it's poor design on Samsung's part. I watched it suck in a piece of lint as the lens closed the other day, and I got most of that out, but blowing air into the camera has not worked - it only moves the dust around. I would buy something else if I had the chance. What good is a pocket camera that you can't put in your pocket unless you keep it in a plastic bag?This is the perfect camera for a guy who wants to take something to a ballgame, but doesn't want to carry around a brick, like a DSLR or a larger P&S.; Slips into a tight jeans pocket and you almost forget you have it because it's only as thick as a Blackberry Curve. The brushed stainless steel case takes a beating in your pocket, and it only comes in masculine colors: Silver, black, and orange. No baby blue, or pink. The case is slippery, so use a lanyard. This takes MUCH better than average 1280 x 720 HD video, and it does so in dark settings, like an auditorium (your kid's play, science fair awards, etc). It's not "full" HD (1080p) but it's remarkably close. IMPORTANT: This camera zooms optically while you are recording video, and the lens drive motor is real quiet. You might hear a tiny bit of a buzz in the background as you zoom in and out during a school play or a wedding, but at a football or soccer game, you'll never hear it. You CAN mute the audio while zooming, but losing the audio while zooming is 10 times more annoying than any camera's lens motor noise. Sitting at a soccer or football game at or near the 50-yard line, the 5X optical zoom frames the goal posts nicely on either side of the screen. That's about all you can ask for. It has digital and lens Image Stabilization, but there's only so much you can do to prevent shake in a camera that's the size of a pack of smokes, and half as thick. So the 5X zoom is just about right. BTW, you can pause the video during playback and capture any frame as a still picture. The resulting picture isn't bad.Outdoor picture quality actually beats my old Canon A630, and that camera has held off all challengers up to 14 mp for the past 3 years. I'm a civil engineer, and I use this on the job all the time, and it takes a serious beating and still works perfectly. HD videos shot through the windshield of a moving car are clear enough on playback to read small lettering on road signs, and also on the license plates of passing cars.Indoor photos aren't quite as good unless you "tweak" some settings, like the pixel density. I've found that 10 and 12 mp often beats the full 14.1 setting. My daughter's Canon SD1300is takes noticeably better indoor flash photos, but the video on this Samsung shames the Canon. Like any pocket camera, you have to play with the settings to get the best results.This has some great "effects" settings (13 in all). The "sunset" mode can turn a mediocre sunset into a Windows background-quality shot, and so can dawn. "Children" is good for forcing a fast shutter speed.The storage media is a microSD, which is inconvenient if you're the type who likes to stick your card into a smart card reader. But the special USB cable that plugs into the camera works just fine, and you just drop & drag with Windows Explorer. Messing with your card just wears out the contacts anyway.Since I bought this (I bought mine as factory "re-certified"), two co-workers have bought one.