I was impressed with the packaging, materials, and printed instructions that came with this.  It was really well packaged and made an awesome first impression.  It was just so well polished and noticeable compared to so many other electronics.  Setting it up to run & view locally on your home wired network is easy and it works great.  It really didn't take much at all to be able to plug in, install the viewing software, and see what it was viewing with a good frame rate.  I am very happy with this from that perspective.This is the wired version, not wireless.  I can't help but say 4-star instead of 5-start because of being wired.  I am much more limited to where I can place it.  But that is easily solved by just buying a long network cable from a cheaper but reliable place online.  I really wish I had the wireless version though.  It would give so much more freedom to move anywhere you want to monitor anything that has a power outlet within range of your wireless network.  But if you are installing at a fixed location, then just by the cable and run it if you can run a cable out of view or don't care about seeing the cable.  Wired will simplify setup perhaps to avoid network configuration over time.My biggest complaint is with the software for web viewing.  First, what frustrates me most is the 3 separate usernames & passwords for 3 different things.  (1) You have a username & password for the camera itself to protect others from getting access to it on your network somehow and seeing.  But I can't figure out how to change the username & password.  The manual says you can and made it sound easy, but I am a software developer and I couldn't figure it out on the first day.  I'm sure I could keep playing with it, but so far haven't figure it out.  (2) You have a username & password just for the IP address switching service so that the third piece of software can locate it.  (3) You have a user name & password for what looks like a freeware service to view your camera by using (1) and (2) from the website you log onto with (3).  The software was too loosely integrated in my opinion.  It is just too confusing.  I really wish they had one portal that put together everything seemlessly for you, (1) camera admin itself locally, (2) IP switching, (3) web based viewing.  I can't always remember which username or password it is asking for and which to enter.  I was disappointed by the loosely integrated experience after such polished packaging and printed instructions.When you view from the web, the video quality is greatly diminished, but this is configurable when you configure the camera locally and really depends on your internet upload speed.  So I am not considering that a point against it.  It is simply limited by your connection speed, but does a lot to help configure better for it.  You can do better quality choppy video, like freeze-frame, or varous other resolutions.