I had been seeking an inexpensive, pocket sized, minimum 6MP camera that used SD memory, and AA batteries, when I spotted Fuji's A610 in a local store.  After giving it a quick trial, I ordered one from the good people at Amazon.  The Fuji met the parameters, and the low price was the deciding factor.  I have not used the camera extensively, but these are my early impressions.The A610's new Super CCD imager produces very good results in a variety of situations both indoors and outdoors, however it is not ideal for capturing action shots.  Color accuracy of the images is excellent, with good saturation and reasonably good resolution for a point and shoot.  ISO ranges from 100 to 400, and is selected automatically.  The equivalent range of the zoom lens is 39mm to 117mm.  Optical zoom is 3X, digital zoom is 6.2X.The display is used to frame your shots, there is no viewfinder.  Being able to see the screen, particularly outdoors, is critical when shooting.  When set at higher brightness levels, the display is fairly visible even when used in bright sunlight.  If needed, there is a button that bumps that up the brightness in the shooting mode, for about 10 seconds.  The focusing point is limited to the center of the display.The A610 has 17 shooting modes, including some unusual situations like `underwater', `beach', `fireworks', `party' and `snow'.  They are accessed through a menu rather than a selector dial, which is very inconvenient.  True manual control is not possible in the so-called `manual' mode.  The `auto' mode will probably be the default setting for most users.  Experiment with the modes, and see which ones produce results you like.Press the `on' button, and the camera is ready to shoot in about 4 seconds.  After taking a photo, the image remains on the display for approximately 3 seconds, then the screen goes blank for 1 to 4 seconds as the image is saved.  When the display comes back on, you can take another photo.  This cycle usually takes between 5 and 6 seconds.  This is fairly long, so if you miss your shot, waiting to take another could become frustrating.  Factor in the normal point and shoot shutter lag, and it means that you really need to concentrate, anticipate the action, and make your shot count in critical situations, or when shooting moving subjects.Reviewing images is best done out of direct light.  The resolution on the large 2.5" display is good.  You can zoom in and out, and pan, so you should be able to tell if you have nailed the shot.  The display screen is slightly recessed into the body, and is susceptible to damage if left unprotected.  A protective cover would be a very welcome accessory.  The buttons on the back for macro mode, increasing LCD brightness, flash mode control and timer mode, are useful, but a mode selector dial is really missed.No memory card is provided with the camera, though it does have 10MB of internal memory.  The A610 accepts either SD memory cards, or XD picture cards up to 2GB.  Fuji recommends Sandisk Extreme III SD cards.  I used a different brand, which may have affected the times I measured.  While saving photos takes some time, there is virtually no delay when saving movies.The camera uses two AA batteries.  Fuji recommends using either alkaline or NiMH type batteries.  Battery life does not seem to be extensive, as the display constantly draws power.  Carrying a spare set is recommended.  For NiMH batteries, the camera has a feature to discharge batteries that are running low.A few miscellaneous comments.  When in movie mode, you cannot zoom in or out, and sound is not recorded.  A `protect all' feature, that enables you to protect all saved images at one time, could be very useful, as individually protecting images is a slow process.  The `new' graphic user interface (GUI), looks a lot like my old Finepix 2600Z, except with larger icons.  Using Finepix software to download photos from the camera is painfully slow.  A program like Photoshop Elements is much faster.  An underwater housing is available for the A610 and new Fuji A800, and may make these cameras more attractive buys.My main cameras are Canon's 20D, 30D and S2 IS.  I got the A610 strictly as a utility carry around.  Economically priced, it produces quality images in most situations.  Being aware of its limitations, you can decide if it will meet your needs.  Fuji's A800 is an 8MP, and has additional features, like a mode selector dial, and picture stabilization.  For a few dollars more, it may be a better choice as a primary camera.