I am a long time Canon user, Going back about 30 years. Have been disappointed lately in their offering, not to mention poor quality control and bad design decisions. People have been asking Canon for a weather sealed pro-sumer body w/ a pro-level AF system for many years and Canon has refused to make it, fearing it would cut into their 1 series sales. Even their 5D and 5D Mark II bodies, which they classify as professional, have a dummied down 9 point AF system and virtually no weather sealing. Numerous complains of it "creaking" when you grip it due to poor door design and being more easily damaged by moisture than other bodies. Recent complaints about mirrors falling out, filthy sensors on brand new cameras etc really make me wonder what is wrong w/ Canon and their quality control. When they added the stupid direct print button on the body (starting w/ the 30D) instead of making the body more robust and weather sealed and having a better AF system, I knew they were going down the wrong path. The one advantage Canon had over Nikon, until the introduction of the D3 and D300, was in high ISO image noise. Canon had the advantage until now and everyone agreed that Canon made better sensors and had a wider assortment of lenses but Nikon made much better bodies w/ pro features in the prosumer line. With Nikon's recent offerings, that no longer is true.Many of my friends have changed over to Nikon from Canon and every one was happy they did. I went to a local store and tried the D300 and was blown away. Wow, this is the Canon 3D/7D we've been asking for. Amazing camera and I realized then it was time to sell my Canon equipment and "go to the dark side". I did that and have no regrets. I purchased my D300 from Amazon and it arrived quickly and was flawless. And get this, I did a sensor dust test (Shoot grey/blue sky at F32 or as small as you can get, bring up the image in your editor and run auto levels on it) on my new D300. Not a speck of dust on the sensor. Perfectly clean. My Canon bodies always came w/ dirty sensors and one time it came back after servicing even dirtier than when it went in. The D300 was spotless. A real sign of good quality ... but then you know that the minute you pick up the body. I did a lot of research and picked up their highly rated 16-85 VR and 70-300 VR lenses and find them to be nearly as sharp as the Canon L lenses I used to own at about half the cost. Well done Nikon. I also have a D200 which is very close in features to the D300 (and quite a bit less money if you can find one on sale), but all in all, the D300 is my favorite camera and one that I will use for many years. Very highly recommended.