Pros:1. Shoots in RAW. It's extremely rare for a compact camera having RAW capability. What does this mean? This means you have more freedom in post-processing to get the best picture possible. This is my first digicam with RAW capability, and I immediately noticed the flexibility in adjusting things such as white balance, exposure, colors, etc on the RAW image versus a JPEG. I use Adobe Lightroom 2 by the way. Note that you need to use at least the program mode to be able to capture pictures in RAW. On the auto-mode, you only have the option to capture in JPEG. So better read a bit of the manual instead of relying on the auto-mode. The RAW capability is worth it.2. Very good/big sensor for a compact camera. What does this mean? This means better low-light pictures (even without flash), like indoors, something that a lot of compact digicams have troubles with. Also, the Auto ISO is not as aggressive as the Fuji F200EXR. Unlike the Fuji, Canon doesn't do anything fancy with the S90 to get better low-light sensitivity. They just put in a bigger sensor, which is not a bad thing at all. Plus, don't be disappointed with the 10MP. Megapixel doesn't mean much anymore today. You noticed that smaller Canon and other digicams have 12MP and up. Don't be fooled. They have tiny sensor, which means really noisy and poor pictures at lowlight. Now, this doesn't mean the Canon S90 produces completely flawless images. This is not a DSLR after all. Using ISO 800 and above, the image is still very noisy, albeit better than most regular tiny digicams. With some aggressive noise reduction using software like Adobe Lightroom, you can still get usable images.3. Tons of manual controls. I'm not a photography buff, but I'm sure enthusiasts will love the range of things they can do with this camera.Cons:1. Not the most ergonomically designed controls. Many have complaints with the extremely-loose mini-ring control that doubles as a d-pad. By default, it controls exposure, and if you're not careful, you can accidentally set an incorrect exposure during shooting because a slight nudge will turn the ring. The pop-up flash can be annoying too, but I don't use the flash that often, and with practice, you can hold the camera without blocking the flash. The mode setting dial, on the other hand, is extremely stiff. I cannot change it using just my thumb. I have to actually use two fingers to dial it.2. Only records 640x480 video. In the age where almost every digicams can record HD video, this is a bit of disappointment. However, thanks to the large sensor, the ability of the sensor to capture more light in low-light situations transfers to the video recording capability too. I find videos recorded with the S90 to be brighter than other digicams. Still, if you're looking for a device that can be used as both a camera and HD camcorder, look elsewhere. The S90's main strength is taking pictures.3. Size. Sure, it's not a DSLR, but it's not that small either. This is not IXUS/SD-sized digicam. Not something you can easily put inside your jeans' pocket.4. The camera's auto white-balance is not the best. But hey, that's why you capture in RAW mode. :)In short, the Canon S90 is an excellent compact camera for picture-taking enthusiasts. Regardless of the cons, such as the lack of HD video recording, the picture quality and the capability to capture in RAW makes this camera worth every penny.