Updated: 8/2/11 - Ever since selling the T2i, I've become adept with the k-x especially because of its outstanding handling and features. And even now after owning a new Canon 60D (for its swivel screen), I still cannot let go of the k-x!Updated: 7/20/11I bought the Canon T2i at the same time as the Pentax k-x for a direct comparison. After much debate, I ended up returning the T2i for my own personal reasons. Keep in mind, every camera has pros and cons, and the best camera for you is the one you use in your hands.1) AF and 3D trackingT2i: Does not beep nor show light indicators while it tracks movement.K-x: No focus indicators at all (except during phase-detect live-view), but fast AF with beeps.2) Low-Light assist beamT2i: Fail. Does strobe-like, seizure-inducing effect with the pop-up flash.K-x: Fail. Ditto.3) FlashT2i: Attempts to default to ISO400. Powerful.K-x: Fail. Weaker and not as elevated above camera.4) External FlashT2i: Has a good small flash (270EX) that uses 2 AA batteries. Cycles fast n quiet, lightweight high sync above 1/180. Can adjust exposure in-camera.K-x: Ok options. Little outdated. Only larger, regular-sized external flashes. But camera has built-in wireless flash control = Nice.5) Live ViewT2i: Good AF speed. Does not show histogram. Keeps mirror open when changing modes or playback.K-x: Contrast AF speed sucks. Phase-detect is much faster. Mirror is noisy.6) Color AccuracyT2i: Reds look good in JPG.K-x: Deep reds look magenta in JPG using default settings. Blue skies are vivid.7) NoiseT2i: JPG has better algorithm. Keeps more detail. More noise in shadow areas.K-x: RAW files has excellent performance. JPG engine too harsh.8) FocusT2i: Shows focus points, sensitive to color of light. Has 1 cross-type sensor.K-x: Must resort to center focus and recompose shooting style. Can use manual lenses with cheap vintage glass. Has 9 cross-type sensors.9) White BalanceT2i: Fail indoors. Would have to use flash. Custom white balance is a pain.K-x: Good Auto. Custom white balance is easy to use too.10) Battery LifeT2i: Has proximity sensors to turn off LCD. Li-ion about 400 shots. Can accomodate battery grip.K-x: Easy to find AA batteries. No battery grip. Up to 800 shots with manual lens. Eneloop FTW.11) Viewfinder InfoT2i: Shows buffer and exposure.K-x: More readable F number and shows custom modes12) Instant ReplayT2i: Must press Play button before zooming in, does not show blinking exposed areas or ISOK-x: Good. Can custom zoom quickly, but to see ISO must press INFO button13) BodyT2i: A little bigger, very light and plasticy.K-x: Compact, more sturdy and heavier.14) MeteringT2i: Features Active D+ lighting which protects highlights well or ALO for shadow.K-x: Has highlight and shadow optimzing, athough more subtle, both can be turned on simultaneously.15) Dynamic RangeT2i: About average for JPG and RAW. Confirm withed ImageResourceK-x: JPG sucks but RAW is top 5 superb.16) Image correctionT2i: Corrects vignetting, does not slow down bufferK-x: Corrects distortion and/or CA but slows down buffer a lot17) Shadow NoiseT2i: JPG are malleable, comparable to RAW files. More chroma noise present, but NR gives better results.K-x: JPG best without NR applied. RAW files less chroma. NR too harsh.18) Video modeT2i: Auto aperture seemless. Autofocus useless. Many formats. Efficient playback H.264, heavy editing H.264. External mic capable. Hackable with tons more options with Magic Lantern.K-x: Auto aperture a bit jerky. No autofocus. No ext mic. Huge files motion JPEG format, easy editing. In-body stabilization noisy.  Can use with 3rd party lens with OS for quieter stabilization - just keep shutter half-pressed.19) FeaturesT2i: 18mp sensor and metering from 7D. Great modern lens ecosystem.K-x: Intervalometer, HDR, more presets such as Extract color, wireless flash, in-camera RAW processing. Compatibility with all Pentax bayonet vintage glass during film era.BOTTOM LINE:T2i: No worries camera. Not very customizable though. The "reliable" camera.K-x: Capable of better results with work. Feature-rich. The "robust" camera.Tips for K-x:During liveview in Auto mode there is a secret mode called "Blue sky" that appears on its own in certain conditions (outdoors). It is not found anywhere else in the camera.Look into "modset.492" hack to fine tune AF for front or back focus. Proceed at your own risk.