After a family member purchased this Olympus D-340R 1.3 MP camera, i will never again buy any product from olympus.  The first problem about this camera is that it has no zoom.  i cant stand a camera without zoom.  that might be enough to throw it in the trash right off the bat.  But theres more!  This camera eats batteries like crazy.  That is to say you put batteries in, take pictures for 2 minutes, and then it says the batteries are dead and wont let you take any more pictures.  If you take the batteries out, you can use them in another device for hours, but the camera says they are dead.  This seems to happen with only non-rechargeable batteries though, but still, thats another 10, 20$ you have to spend on rechargeable batteries and a charger, plus it takes 4 AA's when it should only take 2.  The camera is also very cheap.  The whole thing is made out of the lowest grade plastics i have ever seen.  If i ever dropped it i am sure it would break.  When you turn the camera on, the display on the back doesnt go on like it should.  The shutter button is often reluctant to snap a photo.  These features make it very hard for me to teach my not-too-savvy family how to use this camera.  The flash also makes pictures come out terrible for some reason, and i always find myself shutting it off to save the photo.  Not that the photos look anything better than terrible without it.  This is a 1.3 MP camera, and a terrible one at that after all.  Now we come to the worst feature, the software.  This is the most poorly designed software anybody could make.  Only a monkey could design software that was any less quality.  First off, IT USES A SERIAL PORT!  That might have been the height of technology in 1985, but anything less than USB is INEXCUSIBLE!  This software is very picky and choosy about when it wants to see that your camera is connected to the computer.  And it takes about 30 seconds to detect if it is.  Then it takes forever to download just a thumbnail of all the images on the camera.  And if you try to transfer more than oh, say, 5 pictures at a time, you risk having the software close on you.  Now this might happen before you wait the 10 hrs it takes to transfer the pictures over the rediculously slow serial port, or after.  I have it happen to me often after the pictures have supposedly transfered, but then the pictures are nowhere to be found on the hard drive, and i have to spend the 30 min re-transferring them.  The people at olympus are obviously not your friends, because i wouldnt wish this digital camera on my enemies.  NEVER BUY THIS CAMERA.  But if you do, spend the extra 20$ to get a smartmedia USB card reader.  It will save you the agony of using the Serial port and the Camedia software, which are both horrible.  Also buy rechargeable batteries, as from what ive seen, all olympuses like to eat batteries like theres no tommorow.  I would just like to emphasize again, STAY AWAY FROM THIS CAMERA.  DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BUY IT, ACCEPT IT AS A GIFT, ANYTHING.  If this camera was free i wouldnt take it. Well i might just to stomp on it 30 times and break it just to save anyone the agony of having to use it.