Waited for years for camera manufacturers to make this camera with the features included.  Each generation of all camera brands lacked all of the features I wanted, such as 10 MP, live view, flip-down LCD (not swing-out), super zoom of 15x or more, image stabilization, easy to use auto-intelligence setting (for when I want a fast shot, e.g., for fast kids, dogs, birds, etc.), manual control settings available, ability to turn an on/off grid on display (for us who is composition challenged), long battery life, variety of charging options, and inexpensive memory cards.  The Sony HX100 can use several different types of cards, e.g., SD, SDHC, etc.Finally, after years of waiting and watching manufacturers getting closer to my "want list," suddenly the Sony HX100 comes out and has all the features I want and then some.  Besides having all the features above, this camera comes with a hard copy  "printed user manual," plus user manual on C, online  and built into the cameras menu system. Included in the box is an NP-50H (H series) "Action Force" battery, 6.8 volts, 870mAh battery and cable so you can charge the camera directly without taking the battery out.  I prefer charging outside the camera, so I easily found a second NP-50H "Action Force" battery online, rated at 900mAh (even better) and it works perfectly. Then, I also easily found a "travel battery" charger for the H series or NP-50H battery, which will work with either the 870mAh or 900mAh battery. It works perfectly too.As it comes, the HX100 comes with several cables. One cable for attaching the camera to a HD television to display your photos directly from the camera. Another cable for charging the camera with the battery still inside, or for downloading photos.  Here again, I prefer to use a multi-memory card reader attached to my PC, instead of downloading directly from the camera  (just my preference). I have used multi-memory card readers made by Transcend, HP or Kingston, just to name a couple that work very well.  I also bought a Transcend 12gb SDHC memory card for this Sony.  Works great.Additional info: - In camera charge takes 100 minutes - Shots per charge: 410 using the LCD or 440 shots using the viewfinder. - Very easy to use, with help advice available in the camera menu to help  you take better Photos. - Easy menu system. - CD comes with User Guide, Picture Browser Guide software (to catalog and  tweak all images on your PC). - Picture quality: Images tack sharp and great color. - Low light photos are excellent too, even without using the cameras  night time scene settings.In summary, yes, DSLR cameras are going to take superior quality photos compared to non-DSLR cameras.  However, this camera comes close and has the DSLR's beat because it is smaller, lighter, and has just one lens that does it all compared to my DSLR which requires a backpack to carry all the lenses.  I know.  I have one of those too.  I enjoyed what one reviewer said "The Sony HX100 puts the fun back into photography."  I totally agree.