This is the worst compact camera I've owned, it's poorly built and unreliable and I wish I could return it and get my money back.The problems:1) The build of the lens mechanism is extremely flimsy.Just after 2 months of using this camera some dust or particles got inside and almost every picture we took with it during our vacation was ruined with the black spots. Unfortunately, we were stuck overseas and couldn't return the camera until it was too late. The particles/dust are there to stay and we won't be able to take them out unless we send the camera to Nikon or for professional cleaning (which is way too expensive to do for an ultra-compact camera). The problem is getting only worse, at this point the camera is becoming unusable due to a large number of photo artifacts from the particles trapped inside the lens or between the lens and sensor. We never had this problem before using other compact cameras we own (we have 2 Sony cameras and one Olympus). Our Sony DSC-P150 was even dropped down some pretty steep steps and still continued to operate normally without a hint of any artifacts. This camera was treated in a much more careful fashion and still managed to get particles inside. I can only blame flimsy construction for that.We also had problems with occasional lens error messages and camera getting stuck in mid zoom like others reported.2) The camera is extremely slow for a quick point-and-shoot. We are not photographers and use this mostly in auto mode and scene mode. It takes a while to switch it on and make it ready to take photos, but that's something we can deal with. The worst is the fact that the camera takes forever to focus which makes it very easy to miss important shots. It's also more prone to take blurry photos. Our old Sony P-150 is super-fast and snappy when it comes to auto-focusing and taking the quick shots.3) Photo quality is ok, pictures taken in bright light sometimes need exposure under-compensation, otherwise they turn out overly highlighted. Sharpness of pictures isn't as good as I would expect from a camera with 14mp. The images are softer than what we get from our old Sony camera and when enlarged to full resolution appear blurry. It doesn't feel the camera takes advantage of 14mp at all.The good points about this camera:1) Although it's definitely not the slimmest camera around it's still pretty compact to fit into a small pocket while providing wide-angle capability, which is very useful for group portraits, landscapes and real estate. We bought it specifically because we wanted an ultra-compact that would have a wide angle and at that time (a year ago) this was the only camera on the market like this.2) Pictures have nice color, the color rendition is better than what we get on a Sony camera.3) Nice night shots - it's not difficult to take acceptable night portraits and night shots even if you don't use tripod or any other stabilizing device. This feature is much nicer on Nikon than on our old Sony camera which is unable to take any night time pictures without excessive blurring.Even if we didn't have dust particle artifacts on our photos, I wouldn't be satisfied with this camera's performance due to slowness and soft blurry images. But now, it's pretty much useless unless you are into photoshopping black spots in each and every photo. Nikon needs to take this sad and flimsy model off the market, there is too much competition out there now for compact wide angle and even super-zoom cameras. Personally, I don't trust Nikon's reputation as a superb quality camera manufacturer after experience with this product and would never buy another Coolpix or other compact from them again.