This is my second HP digital camera (the first was a Photosmart 730) and my second positive experience.  I upgraded because the 730 was a little feature-limited -- but it's also much cheaper.  I contrast this one with my nice Minolta film SLR, and quite frankly the HP is superior in every situation except action.First: ease of use.  I find that I can "set it and forget it" if I want to, though I'm the kind of photographer that fiddles around.  It works for fiddling too -- the only thing you CAN'T do is run a fully manual mode.  (You can set either aperture or shutter speed to manual but not both.)  There is an impressive range of options for flash, white compensation, focus, mode and more.  The zoom button is well-positioned and fits right under my thumb with my index finger on on the shutter release.  The flash release can also be operated by touch without moving your hand.  Buttons to adjust flash mode and focus (macro, infinity, etc.) are on the back of the camera and work very quickly.Second: zoom and lens.  I cannot say enough good things about this zoom.  When I change from, say, 2x to 6.5x, it takes the camera about half a second to refocus.  It works smoothly except for a deliberately designed hesitation between optical and digital zoom.  (I don't use digital zoom.)  One good thing is that the lens does *not* move based on the focal length.  As far as the lens, I get pictures of quality comparable to my SLR which has a Quantaray lens.  The lens sometimes gets a little cranky in super-humid or high-wind conditions, but I'm referring to near-gale and tropical level here, conditions that get to a lot of lenses.Third: size.  Yes, size, as well as shape.  It is very easy to hold this camera steady because it's big enough to wrap your hands around instead of needing to use a finger or two with a super-small camera.  In addition, the handgrip is perfectly positioned.  At the same time, the camera is small enough to go practically anywhere.  I take it everywhere I took the 730 without any difficulty at all, and it's actually a little easier to handle.Early reviews have indicated a problem with horizontal lines in the pictures.  I've never experienced this, nor has the camera ever locked on me.  I have heard that these were design flaws in early production models that have been corrected in later ones.Okay, now, here's the bad stuff.  No camera is perfect, including this one.First, if you want to take a lot of action shots: SKIP THIS CAMERA.  Processing time is waaaaaaay too slow for that.  I can planespot with this camera but only by predicting the location of the plane 2-3 seconds in advance.  Most of my work involves stills or low-speed action so I don't have a problem, but I wouldn't recommend it to someone who does a lot of sports.Second, mine is a bit of a battery hog.  I do well to get 1-1/2 hours out of a single set of 2000 mAh NiMH rechargeables.  This is partly because of my tendency to leave the camera on (it has a 6 minute shutdown but that can be reduced; mine's on 3), but I usually end up changing batteries at least twice in a typical 2-3 hour shoot.  That being said, the fact that this camera uses standard AA batteries which you can get ANYWHERE -- same can't be said for lithium batteries -- means that power isn't all that much of an issue.Third, at 8x maximum optical zoom, this camera's not very forgiving about hand shake.  Get out your tripod unless you're in bright light.  That being said, zooms in general are less forgiving.  Many people get blurry pictures with this camera because they do not realize that you must hold your hands still for about a second and a half thanks to the longer-than-average processing time (see above about action).  I'm contrasting with an SLR so I'm used to holding still, but someone who isn't used to that will probably have problems.In closing I should emphasize that the 945 is NOT a digital SLR.  It does not have a TTL viewfinder and it does not have a hot shoe.  But it's got practically everything else -- including compatibility with a nice selection of add-on lenses -- and should fit the needs of everyone except sports fans, hardcore enthusiasts and trick/specialty photographers.  You'll only take mine from "my cold, dead hands."