The Lumix DMC-ZS9 is my 7th digital point & shoot and my third Panasonic ( I also own a Panasonic Lumix DMC-FH20 (Violet), and a Panasonic Lumix DMC-S1 (Black)). After playing with it for a while, these are my thoughts:PROS- Features:I got this camera as a lightning deal here on Amazon and was very pleasantly surprised what all it offers for the price (even when one buys it at regular price it is still impressive). There is the Leica lens, for starters. Cheaper Panasonic cameras usually do not have Leica lenses so I am very happy. Moreover, the wide-angle is 24 mm - very nice as well. Add to that the 16x optical zoom, the Power image stabilization and the ability to shoot with Aperture priority, Shutter priority, Manual, Program and Panasonic's own iA mode (Intelligent Auto mode) and a variety of more or less useful Scene modes, the HD video capability, and many other features such as Macro and Macro Zoom mode, and one really gets a full-featured, very compact camera with a quality lens for a very good price.- Custom Modes:I like that this camera allows me to assign two of my preferred Scene modes to positions on the dial on top of the ZS9. My DMC-FH20 also has scene modes but I cannot assign them to any buttons, etc. This is definitely progress and appreciated. I tend to mostly photograph landscapes and pets, so my MS1 (stands for My Scene Mode 1) is set to Landscape mode, MS2 to Pet mode. In addition to that, the camera allows the photographer to define custom settings with all sorts of combinations to satisfy users who want more than just take pictures with the pre-programmed scene modes.- Scene Modes:These include almost every scene imaginable - from Portrait / Portrait Soft Skin to Food, Party, Candlelight, Landscape, Sports etc. and gimmicks such as Transform which elongates or widens motifs/subjects. There is a scene mode there for everyone, I'm sure of it...- Auto Focus:Very fast and accurate. I have not had any trouble to get it to lock, even in low-light, low-contrast situations. This is something I really value in a point & shoot because few things are more frustrating than not being able to get the camera to focus on the motif.- Easy Operation:As mentioned above, this is my third Panasonic Lumix, so I am rather familiar with the operation of their cameras. But I think that anyone would find operating this camera rather straightforward, unless the person is a total beginner or has not had much if any experience with digital cameras. Sure, there are always instances where one would have to consult the manual, but every-day point & shoot operation should not require too much thumbing through that. Note that the hard-copy manual that comes in the box only explains the very basics. The complete user manual comes in PDF format on the CD that is in the box.CONs (if one wants to call it that)- As with all cameras in this price range/class, I found that image noise and general image quality is very dependent on the zoom setting, even at lower ISO settings such as ISO100. While the camera shoots very well at short focal lengths and low ISO settings, it sometimes does not so well at long (digital) focal lengths. This is not too much of an issue when printing regular 4 x 6 or 5 x 7 prints but enlarging an image that was taken at full zoom will likely be problematic. Even with the Leica lens, I do not see a noticeable improvement in image quality when comparing it to my simpler and older DMC-FH20. While disappointing, this is also to be expected, and image noise is a sensor issue anyway. There is probably not a camera in this class out there that does not have the same problem. I am only mentioning this to be comprehensive.- Weight & Size. Don't get me wrong - the ZS9 is a small and lightweight camera but it still is bigger and heavier than for example the FH20. It is clear to me that it would have to be a bit heavier and bigger, considering the many more features the ZS9 has in comparison to the FH20. I am mentioning this only in case weight and size is the top priority for a reader. This camera is definitely not shirt-pocket material and I am not sure I'd be too comfortable carrying it in my jeans pocket either. Jacket pockets should generally be OK though ;-).- The color/surface. Call me nit-picky, but I LOVED the brushed metal surface of my FH20 as well as the fact that it came in several colors (my choice was violet at the time). While the ZS9 looks like it is made of high quality materials, I miss the classy brushed metal look and would have preferred almost any other color over the black. But in the end this is really strictly personal preference.SUMMARYI am very happy with this camera. I believe it is the ideal device for my primary purpose, which is using it as a compact travel camera. As a matter of fact, the ZS8 (the almost identical twin to the ZS9) is called TZ18 in Europe, TZ standing for Travel Zoom. This best describes the area where this camera shines. It isn't an SLR and will not produce SLR quality images but for the money, convenience and the quality it provides in its class, I'd be hard pressed to find a better camera.