PROS:I'm usually the camera and camcorder guy and my wife never takes out our old camera and camcorder before but with this new Panasonic camera, she takes it everywhere to shoot closeups of my kid's soccer games and snaps pictures from afar with action shots with kids that are airborn and limbs/ball flying in midair.  Although the camera is rated at 12x zoom at 10 megapixels, if you lower the megapixels down to 5 then you'd get 17x zoom.  If you lower the megapixels down to 3 then you'd get 21x zoom.The HD camcorder has unbelievable clarity and the microphone is clear.  Be sure to buy SDHC memory card (not SD) with speed rated at Class 6 or higher or it won't keep up with recording video.  Also, your pc's SD card reader slot will NOT read SDHC memory card so remember to buy an external SDHC card reader.The included HD camcorder software figures out what your pc's cpu is and adjusts the framerate.  Turns out my 6 year old HP Pentium 4 2.5ghz pc is too slow so I went out and bought the new HP p6120f (AMD Quad 4 processor at 2.6Ghz, 6gigs RAM, 640gigs hard drive) from Staples for $[...] and the HD animation is smoooth.  The software suggests a pc with at least a processor of 2 Core Duo 2.6Ghz to edit HD video.The real test to determine if I were going to keep the camera came when I developed a photo onto paper to assess the picture quality.  The picture was sharp so I decided to keep it and bought a spare Panasonic battery from Amazon for $[...].This Panasonic's twin is the German-made Leica D-lux4 camera that sells for $[...] (that's $400 more than the Panasonic twin) which has a classic look and saves raw format with more manual adjustment features.  So, you're getting a very high-end camera.  See Leica:[...]Back in 2001, I bought a 3.3 megapixels Panasonic DMC-LC33 camera and it still works great today after 8 years (considering how many times I dropped it and my kid has fallen on it with while the lens were still out but the lens retracted just fine) so I know that it's a quality dependable product, and that was with a plastic body.- There's a setting that lets me take videos of saltwater aquariums (which are usually lit with a blue bulb) and gets rid of the blue so that the footage is not bluish.CONS:- Only included an RCA cable to connect to my tv.  Too bad it didn't include an HDMI cable (mini to standard) so I ordered one from [...] for $[...] (ROSE RCW-H9039 6" HDMI-MINI CABLE - Retail)- The included PhotoStudioFunHD software manual says that you should use this software to copy your AVCHD LITE format files to the pc and NOT use Windows Explorer to copy your files over or it will not be able to read it. I found out the hard way... however, all is not lost, you can download free trial of Sony Vega or other softwares at [...] then edit all your files and it doesn't matter how you copied the files to your pc.  When I opened Task Manager to see how much work my processors were doing, I noticed that the included PhotoStudioHD software was only using 1 processor whereas the Sony Vega software took full advantage of all 4 processors.- Doesn't take low light indoor rooms as well as SONY.- 12/1/2012 UPDATE: Lasted a little over a year when dust somehow got into the lens so now a black spot shows up on the screen and the footage.