I purchased a new Coolpix 8800 on March 16, 2005.  I sent it in for service just two weeks later, on April 3rd.  It has now been in the shop for more than 6 weeks.  The main problems were severe focusing problems.  A minor problem was that the cable to transfer pictures to the computer didn't fit securely to the camera and I needed three hands to hold the cable to the camera and manipulate the mouse at the same time.  It has been six weeks, and I have yet to hear anything about the focusing problems, despite many e-mails of correspondence.  The latest e-mail from the service department indicated they still hadn't checked on the focusing problems.  As for the cable connection problem, Nikon Repair said the connection was bent and wanted $230 (almost 25% of the camera's cost) to fix it.  I told Nikon Service during the first week they had it that I didn't want to repair the connection because it was more of a nuisance. The camera connection port is larger than either the cable end or the camera connection.  The camera cable port is straight on the side of the camera, but the connection inside it angled.  If the connection is out of alignment, inserting the cable end can bend it. The bent connection problem isn't the first with Nikon Coolpix cameras and probably won't be the last.  Case in point, I am taking an Adobe Photoshop CS course at our local Vo-tech, and the Vo-tech Photography Instructer sits beside me.  I lamented my Coolpix 8800 problems, and he told me he had similar problems with another Coolpix model.  He was surprised that Nikon wanted $230 to repair my camera, because his camera also had an angled connection and he bent his.  Nikon repaired his under warranty.  He also had focusing problems with his Coolpix, even using a tripod, and he had to use work arounds to use it.  His experiences convinced him to switch to Canon.  As I stated in my original review, I encountered some of the focusing problems that other reviewers have discussed.  The camera focus often hunts when there is only one item in the picture - such as a bird on water.  When there are lots of things in the picture, like a bird in the middle of tree limbs, it gets worse.  When using the telephoto to take pictures of moving birds and animals (my intended pastime), most of the pictures were completely out of focus.  I felt lucky to get one decent picture out of ten.  I was sold by the promise of VR, but it didn't help that I could tell.  The Coolpix 8800's outdoor, non-telephoto pictures had a higher rate of success, but there were still some out of focus pictures. There have even been some out of focus pictures while using a flash.  I have never experienced these problems on my more than two years old HP 850 digital camera.  I feel I should have done more research before purchasing the Coolpix 8800, and I would advise others to do so, or maybe rent one like another reviewer suggested.  If I could, I would reduce my rating to 1 star due to the long wait on Nikon Service.  It has been more than six weeks, and I still don't know when the camera will be returned.  It takes about 3 - 5 working days to get an answer to an e-mail, and I'm still waiting for a response as to when Nikon Repair thinks it might be able to start checking on the focusing problems.