I bought the Pentax Optio 555 on 2 November 2003 in Hong Kong.My number one reason for choosing the 555 was: The longer battery life. My second reason was the 5x zoom, followed by stronger flash and additional features to learn now to use. Saying that, there will be times I wish I had the smaller, lighter, faster Minolta G500... So it was a serious compromise that was not an easy choice - they are BOTH excellent options for a small light 'everyday' camera!Very basic - but my very first photos are here - nothing special, just really posting them so you can see the image quality - almost all done in P mode... and straight from the camera! [...] (this expires 5 Dec 2003)OK - I have never owned a digital camera before, but I have owned most recently a Nikon F100 and do know a little about film cameras...I bought it, battery took exactly 3 hours to charge...While I waited, I read the manualOh - and the first thing I did was stop all the annoying sounds by turning them all off in the user menu.The second thing I did was turn the digital zoom offI also turned the start up picture offI do not have a stop-watch - but here are some approximate times.  NOT ACCURATE TIMES, NO STOP WATCH!Sunlight/brightly lit room - I found the shot to shot time to be incredibly good - even with the flash and the pictures again were in focus with excellent lighting...Dimly lit room - wide angle - 1-3 secondsDimly lit room - full Optical zoom - 1.5 - 3 secondsTotally DARK room - wide angle - 3-5 secondsTotally DARK room - full Optical zoom - 3-6 secondsI mean TOTALLY DARK! But saying that - the photos look great, are well lit by the flash and in focus...With the zoom, it takes a bit longer to focus BUT once it gets it, it is perfect. (how, I do not know)Here are more accurate times from another review:Auto Focus LAG Wide angle:0.8 - 1.4Auto Focus LAG Telephoto0.8 - 1.5Shutter Release LAG Viewfinder0.1Shutter Release LAG LCDV1: 0.10.1 - 0.2Shot to Shot Wide angle1.8Frames per second1.1I am using the P mode and I quickly set up the User Mode as Gordon (see DP Review Pentax Forum) suggested:ISO 200AWBLow ContrastSpot FocusI have a 256 Panasonic SD card (10Mb/Second)MAX Resolution of 2592 x 1944At 1 * it is 243 picturesAt 3 *** it is 75 picturesI am switching between * and *** depending on the subject.I am looking forward to Panasonic coming out with a 2 Gig card!!!The user mode with these settings is faster than the P mode by about 1 second in the dimly lit and dark rooms.continuous mode with no flash - that was really fast too - I did not time this.PIC - Night Scene Mode - I went out at night on the streets of HK and took three pictures of the same things - P Mode, User Mode, Night Scene Mode.  What the Night Scene Mode does is really light up the whole area - I don't know how it does this, but the same photo in P mode was bright lights from the signs, and a bit dark everything else.  While with Night Scene the whole photo lights up as if with a flood light - really amazing.  At different times I would opt for P, User or Night Mode depending on my desired outcome.Physical - the case seems sturdy, the buttons are well placed, it is easy to hold and shoot.  I like the way it is easy to change what the LCD displays and to turn it off...  It is not as [nice] as the G500, but it is a nice functional, sturdy camera!OK - so this is the quick first impressions... but so far I am really enjoying it!...