I got my Photosmart 945 about 8 months ago, having previously owned and liked an HP 912c.  If you're wanting to get something better than a point-n-click camera but not go all out to a prosumer/professional camera, this would be an ideal choice.  I recently got a Minolta A200 for my regular shooting, but still keep this one as a secondary camera.The 945 looks like a real camera, and fits your hand like a "real" 35mm.  If you've got big hands or used real film cameras, it'll feel just right.  (Note to manufacturers: quit making new cameras so small, and no more funky looking boxes with a lens stuck on.)  Even though it's made of plastic the camera has a solid quality feel to it, and that does make a difference in how you feel toting it around.The biggest advtantage for newer users is the menu system is very easy to use, linear and simple to figure out.  The menus are accessed by a simple four button ring switch with a cental button, plus: the menus have instructions!  That's right, HP put in little guides so if you don't know what white balance is you can find out right then and there.The pictures are very good, but are held back from greatness by being a little on the soft side.  You can set the sharpening up a little in the camera or fix it by editing in Photoshop.  FYI it's always better to start out a little soft than be too sharp.  For shots at low shutter speeds you have to hold it very steady. (or just put it on a tripod and use the timer switch.)It does have a generous 15 second maximum exposure for night shots, and I found out recently that this camera can pick up infrared, although I think most cameras can just people don't know it.  If you don't believe me, make a movie clip and point your TV remote control at the lens and start pressing buttons.Another advantage is this camera uses readily available AA batteries and dime-a-dozen SD cards.  However, as with nearly all AA cameras you're best to get NIMH rechargeables and use regular AA's only in an emergency.There are some faults, however.  The camera, or at least mine, is very slow writing to the memory card no matter how fast a card you have.  I think the hardware is simply limited.  It's happened a few too many times I take 2-3 shots, wait a second, then can't take another for 4-8 seconds until the buffer clears out.  Also, the movie mode is at the very small resolution of 288X208 and clips are limited to 60 seconds.  I was distinctly not impressed with the movies it made.Probably one of the unique features is the adaptive lighting, which I think they're calling digital flash now.  Basically it takes dark parts of images and lightens them, which can help if you're taking a picture of a strongly backlit subject.  It works, but you can also do the same thing in Photoshop.  However, a feature is a feature and if you're Photoshopless it can fix some otherwise bad shots.Overall I was satisfed with the camera, but felt limited by the softness (most people don't notice it) and the very slow memory writing.  I also didn't like the always-exposed LCD display, but so far I've kept from scratching it.  The lens cap comes with an attaching string to the camera.  (Thank you!)  It works on either a Mac or PC, and as a "professional" looking camera that can take AA's and SD cards it's a plus.