My wife got this camera from her parents because we are expecting our first child. I myself am a big tech junkie and program and build computers and other electronics. I have been severely avoiding any digital camera. Why? because 35mm is just better quality pictures. (I love my Nikon N75 SLR.I am, however, setting up with a Canon hv30 for video lol).The good: This camera takes good pictures, and the flash setting doesnt overwhelm like some flash does on digital camera. The camera avoid blur very well, which is surprising because we have a hyperactive cats that never stays still for picture and we have a couple dozen perfectly done pictures at least. the camera is a nice size for carrying around and can be operated easily with one hand. The LCD screen gives a very good overview of the pictures being taken and allows you to be able to review pictures and adjust the settings easily. There is also good room for storage, both internal and external. Easy transfer to computer, and a nice spot to plug in my flexipod desk tripod as well as other accessories. The autozoom is nice and the ability to use a two step button is helpful when you want to test the resolution or quality of a shot on the lcd before actually taking the picture.The bad: The camera has no good viewfinder, but then again no real use for one. Battery life on good batteries wears with the flash, but that can be the same on most cameras. There are not as many customizable settings on the phone which can leave you to wanting to just do point and shoot. (Which is good for some people, but I like fine tuning) The settings though do cover all the basics and little more. The zoom is a bit delayed and takes a couple clicks of the button to get the zoom started. There is a nice indicator showing where the normal zoom stops and digital zoom begins, but it also stops the zoom right there on the separation and doesnt make it a clean and seamless transition. It takes a moment to take the shot, mainly because of the flash. The aperature tends to give too dark of photos without a flash, and when you turn off the flash is sets exposure time to high and can cause blur if there is any motion.Overall: I give them camera a good review because it is  nice camera for the quick, out of the box, a bit more than expected point and shoot. Not for people wanting to make art or award winning photos, but if you want to take fun pictures of the cruise or baseball game. My wife doesnt want to give this camera up, and to be honest neither do I. I love my 35mm nikon n75 slr camera, and I would take that over this camera anyday. Though, being able to take multiple shots of whatever I want and not pay for developing costs and film is a great advantage. However, when it comes down to very important, gotta have it, no mistakes pictures, I would trust me 35mm better over any digital camera.If you are looking for a fun camera that is at a good cost then this one is a good buy. Easy pictures, easy use, one handed shot or two handed shots whichever you prefer. Good stabilization on pictures, good light balancing, crisper shots than expected, and easy storage and transfer. Take this next time you want to make sure you have a good camera on hand without having to carry around a camera bag for a film camera. Just don't expect to go winning any art shows.