Again, I too will try not to duplicate the efforts of other reviews.I am not a pro, but I am a pretty advanced user, and this at least my 6th digital camera (I used to work in the industry so it was easy to get them; I didn't have a whole bunch break on me).  I bought it because I wanted a great camera for hobby shooting but didn't want to have to deal with separate lenses.  This is not a "first-digital-camera"; it's better suited for people who are pretty familiar with digital cameras and are looking for a camera that can be grown into.You can choose the "point-and-shoot" option or any of several manual options.  If you wish to employ the manual controls, the camera DOES take practice.  There are a lot of bells and whistles, as someone else mentioned, and I would highly recommend reading the instruction manual and experimenting with it before you take it on a big vacation (and bring the manual too).The image quality is fantastic, even when you are maxing out the zoom.  I take my pictures at 8MP and "fine" quality; anything larger is just overkill unless you're printing 20"x30" prints.  The Nikon has the in-camera option of creating a compressed copy of any picture you take (for e-mailing, etc.).I use the Macro feature a lot, and I took a picture of a caterpillar on a plant and even at a 4x6 print size, I could see the hair folicles on its feet.I also appreciate the Vibration Reduction feature (which you can turn off) and the flip-out LCD screen.  Before I purchased it, I looked at the Canon 6MP Digital Rebel (which felt too big in my hands) and the Sony 8MP (which, like most Sony items, is of good quality but pricey).  I ultimately decided on the Nikon because it felt comfortable in my hands, had a good reputation, and had high resolution and a flip-out screen.There is lag time, as there is with any digital camera.  I don't notice that it's any better or worse than other digital cameras I've used.  If you want no-lag, you need to look at the D-70 or another digital SLR.The battery life is really very good, as far as digital cameras go, and the battery doesn't add much weight to the camera.  If you are going on vacation or spend a while getting your pictures "just right" before you take them, buy an extra battery--you won't regret it.I started using the SanDisk Ultra II 1GB CF card and since have not run out of memory during an outting.If you decide you want to go with the 8800, here are some accessories you may want to consider:Spare battery (EN-EL7)Lens Hood (HN-CP14)Nikon Lens Pen (removes dust from body and lens)1.0GB CF cardLowepro Rezo 140 AW camera bag which holds EVERYTHING mentioned here with room to spareI have had my Nikon for over a year now, and I have not experienced any lens error problems (or otherwise) so far.  I'm sorry that people have had trouble with it because it's really an excellent camera and I haven't once regretted purchasing mine.  In a heartbeat, I would buy this camera again.