If absolute image quality is more important than money and versatility, this camera is worth a look.  It is a camera for people who want classic Leica images, but this is offset by unnecessary and incomprehensible limitations so severe that the camera borders on a joke.The camera is designed to be small, light and take photos comparable to the best 35mm digital cameras.  Mostly it succeeds.  Useable images are better than all but the most expensive DSLRs. I also have a Canon 1Ds III and it shoots a more detailed image and is less grainy at every ISO but the Leica has slightly better color and is much more portable.  Color and high ISO performance are better than a micro four thirds.Unfortunately, Leica's engineers quit there and could even be suspected of sabotaging the camera.  It may have the most limited range and usefulness of any camera on the market.  It only takes photos of stationary objects or some moving things at a distance, and uses a fixed, non interchangeable 35 mm equivalent lens.  The lens is classic Leica, very clear corner to corner.  But with no zoom many shots will be missed.The biggest frustration is the unbelievably slow focus -- maybe the slowest of any auto focus camera currently available.  It makes the X1 useless for shooting kids or animals or anything else moving close to the camera.  To make things worse, the camera uses an intense orange light to focus so a kid or animal that is still initially will usually be moving away or squinting by the time the camera is ready to shoot.  In dark light it is like getting hit with a laser making it nearly impossible to shoot any living thing.  It is hard to understand why one of the world's most expensive compact cameras would have this problem.  Every competing camera proves there is no inherent technological issue limiting focus speed to this degree or requiring such a disturbing focus light.The same poor engineering applies to the few additional features added to the camera such as face detection and motion stabilization, both of which are essentially useless.  Face recognition is a great feature in a camera with fast focus but pointless in an X1 unless the face doesn't move for several seconds and can stand the orange focusing laser.  Motion stabilization is a really bogus feature.  It uses a system that takes two shots in succession then combines them.  it doesn't work.  It sometimes produces worse images with ghosts.  What's up with that?So why would anyone pay way beyond top dollar for a camera with such big and incomprehensible flaws?  Is this a trick to reveal the number of irrational of people who will buy anything made by Leica?  Is this suffering part of the Leica mystique?In fairness many similar sized cameras are not useful for shooting close moving things (a micro four thirds like a Panasonic G, GH or GF are much better for that) and just as you rage at this camera's flaws and start to return it you think about those great colors and detail and low light qualities.  It is a hard choice.  What are a few great images from a small light camera worth to you?