Decent little camera, if it only worked as advertised.  I really liked the idea of having a smaller outdoor based camera that could take a little pounding and still function.  Especially was high on it being waterproof and being able to take pictures in the pool.  Heck, their advertisement shows 2 people cliff jumping with the camera into the water.Due to it's waterproof requirements, I expected it to be limited in image quality and features (compared to non WP counterparts)...but it still takes decent shots for a point and shoot.  I didn't have too high of expectations other then the basics and it's SW features.Definitely not a good camera for taking pictures in non-optimal lighting scenarios.  Tried to take pictures of my son playing Mighty Mites soccer inside a gym...and unless they are close enough for a fill flash or standing still, you aren't going to get much.  Inside it's not all that great either, but when there is enough natural light...pictures are much better.  Definitely harder to see the LCD in bright light, but not surprised.  Battery life is much shorter then expected, but I also kind of knew that going in.Problems started when I took it into the water for the first time, which was where I was the most excited about using;-(.  I ended up taking it into a swimming pool (shallow end, never more then a foot or 2 under water).  At first, it was too good to be true.  Was working like a charm and enabled me to be pretty creative.  Then after a couple of minutes,  the LCD screen started changing to almost like looking at a Black and White negative, where I could barely make out shapes.  Then it soon turned all while and I couldn't see anything.  I would check it about every couple of hours, and it took roughly 1.5 days for the camera to "dry out" and for the LCD to return to normal.Called their support line, tech says to send it in (on my dime) to get it repaired.  Took the repair facility about a week to repair.  As soon as I got it back, tested again in the water.  After about 1 - 2 minutes in the water, same thing...sigh.  called Olympus back up, they requested that I send it in for repair again (at least this time on their dime).  Got it back after another week of being with out a camera.  As soon as I could, tried it in a sink full of water...so far so good.  Took it to the pool the next morning....same problem again!!!  Just got off the phone with Olympus Support a few minutes ago, requesting that I send it in again where they will evaluate either "fixing" it again or "potentially replacing".  So we'll see.I'd have rated it 3 or 4 stars if it was actually WP and I wasn't having all this back and forth with Olympus.  Unfortunately, there weren't very many options for other outdoor/WP cameras when I bought this back in January of '09.  Now, I'd probably be considering a different model (Cannon probably) since I haven't been very satisfied with the Olympus product.