I only had this camera for two weeks, but it impressed me during that time.  I ended up returning it not because of any problem with the camera, but because my needs changed.  I should mention that although there were no problems with the camera, there was a problem with Amazon's fulfillment: I ordered a black Lumix but Amazon sent me a silver one instead.  Not a big deal, but worth noting. (It was sold by DiscountsJungle, but fulfillment was by Amazon.)I helped a friend set up a new Lumix DMC-FH25 at about the same time I bought my Lumix DMC-FH27, so I had an opportunity to compare them.  They are basically the same camera, with two major differences: the DMC-FH27 has a 3.0" LCD and touch screen controls; the DMC-FH25 has a 2.7" LCD and has physical controls on the camera body.  One other difference I noticed is that the DMC-FH27 offers an option for shooting 5x7" pictures in average 3mb file size; the DMC-FH25 does not.I found the controls in both cameras unnecessarily complex, but this is probably for marketing purposes, so Panasonic can sell it as a versatile camera, even though most consumers will never use the vast majority of the features. I suspect that Panasonic is no worse than other manufacturers in this regard.  All of the point-and-shoots I've used (Nikon and Lumix) take such good pictures in automatic mode that most people will have little need of the other modes the cameras offer.The touch screen controls work well and to my surprise I preferred them to the physical controls on the DMC-FH25, but for most people, the DMC-FH25 will be much easier to use.  Several disadvantages to any touch screen on a camera: you'll have to recharge your battery more often, you may have problems if you install a protective screen on the LCD, and you're going to have fingerprints on the LCD.While I had the DMC-FH27, I compared it to two of my other cameras: Nikon Coolpix L20 and Nikon D60 DSLR.  The Lumix came out well in the comparison, roughly equal to the Coolpix and in one case, as good as the D60.I didn't have the DMC-FH27 long enough to run any meaningful and accurate tests of resolution, so my comparison test is only for color and image quality.  In general, the D60 unsurprisingly got the best pictures, but in one test, the Lumix was just as good.  In my other tests, I sometimes preferred the Lumix and and sometimes the Coolpix; it was equally divided between the two.My one major complaint about the Lumix was its flash, which was more overpowering than the Coolpix flash.  On the other hand, the zoom is much better on the Lumix.  It zooms out much wider than the Coolpix L20, and it automatically shoots in macro mode; I accidentally took a picture with the camera about an inch away from a magazine page, but the text in the photograph turned out impressively sharp.If you need a date stamp on your photos, you might not like this Lumix.  The date stamp the Lumix imprints on the photos is much fainter, barely readable, than the Coolpix L20, and in a format that doesn't make a lot of sense.  For example, for a photo taken on November 3, 2011 at 3:15pm, the barely readable imprint on the photo, which I had to blow up in Photoshop to read, shows "PM 3:15 Nov/ 3/2011".  If you need a legible date/time stamp on your photos, this is not the camera for you.  The imprint is too faint to be useful.Based on my experience with several Coolpix L20s and the experience of friends with various models of Lumix, I'd expect more reliability from the Lumix.  I've written a separate review about the Coolpix L20.