After dropping my Canon PowerShot SD1300 IS 12.1 MP Digital Camera with 4x Wide Angle Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 2.7-Inch LCD (Silver) I was looking for a point n' shoot camera that was small enough to put in my pocket or purse, but still full-featured and with a price less than $150.  I found it in the Coolpix S6000.Reviews for this camera on Cnet and YouTube convinced me it would be a good buy, but I wasn't expecting to be instantly 'wowed' by it!  Being an intermediate digital photo enthusiast I've played with a lot of different digital cameras of varying sizes, speeds and with assorted perks such as optical zoom, macro and video capabilities.  While each one seemed to have one or two things it did very well, the Canon I dropped was as close to an all-purpose, go-to camera.  Upon playing with this Nikon I find myself wondering how I ever considered the Canon anywhere close to what I should want in a camera of this type.The Nikon Coolpix S6000 is my new favorite camera for everyday use because...1. Size - so compact and lightweight, you can carry it anywhere.2. HD Video - with the addition of a SDHC memory card (recommend 16 to 32GB) you have an HD video camera with stereo sound.3. Nikon lens takes great photos!4. Easy to set-up and use, out of the box.5. Many, many scene options for just the right settings, whatever your photo taking circumstances.  Really, really like the 'backlighting' one!6. Not a huge learning curve, so anyone from a child to a grandparent can easily learn to use it and take great photos.7. With 14.2 MP you can take great photos and get them enlarged to poster size without a loss of clarity or sharpness.8. It's as automatic as digital cameras get, but still takes amazing photos.9. Battery charges quickly via AC outlet hook-up, and holds a charge for hundreds of photos.10. 7x optical zoom is more than enough for most distance photos, and if you prefer to zoom in on something small like an insect or the petals of a rose, you have macro too.11. Face and smile recognition means you don't miss the perfect shot.12. Super-fast photo taking with image stablization - again, no missed or fuzzy shots.13. True color reproduction.14. Video or photo viewing via HDMI port on camera.15. Everything most families, students, travelers, and/or casual camera users could want in one inexpensive, easy-to-use package.If it seems like I'm gushing over this one, I am!  It's not often that I'm this happy with the speed, quality and ease of use of a camera, but this one does it for me.  The HD video is just the icing on the cake.If you are looking for a great 'go-to', point and shoot camera, this is the one!UPDATE: July 4, 2011After having used this camera in many different settings for months now I still consider this my point-n'-shoot, go to camera, but I wonder how long it will last?This evening it simply stopped - screen went black while viewing photos on the SD card - and the lens was out.  Turning it on and off did nothing, so I plugged in the charger - it too did nothing.  I removed the battery to check it and when I reseated it, the lens retracted.  I am charging it now and when untethered to the charger, it does turn on and off.I took some HD video the other day - it came out great, but I wonder if so sucked the battery that this happened?  I didn't see a low battery signal, so I find this curious.I'm finding I get hit and miss results on 'auto', but have learned to play with the scene settings to usually find something that works with a few trial and error shots.  The zoom works fairly well, but it's not meant for most distance shots over say 20'.Crossing my fingers this stoppage isn't a precursor to death.