UPDATE:Never got around to updating this after more extended use.  The poor battery life makes this camera almost unusable for me.  Also, have had numerous problems wi the shutter cover not closing and the lens not retracting.  Video quality is good, image quality is only fair.  I would look elsewhere for a good camera were I you.Got my SD4500 yesterday to replace a previously ordered SD4000, which I am returning today.  I loved the size and general usability of the SD4000 (Canon PowerShot SD4000IS 10 MP CMOS Digital Camera with 3.8x Optical Zoom and f/2.0 Lens (Red)), but it had two glaring problems I was hoping the SD4500 would correct: lots of soft-focus or out-of focus photos unless you take extreme care to press the shutter half-way and constant loss of focus when using movie mode.I have not had a ton of experience on the SD4500 yet, but so far it seems to have made improvements in both areas, but not resolved the problems completely.The video quality is definitely a step up (1080p Full HD vs 720p) and rivals the great quality video from a Sony TX7 I used for a while. The SD4500 retains focus well (as long as the optical zoom is not used), has pretty decent stability assist, and good sound.  It does seem to have a bit of trouble refocusing when using the optical zoom, but this is tolerable.  There is little audio noise added when zooming. The mini-HD connection is great for viewing photos and movies on HDTVs, and I have no problems transferring and viewing movies on my PC with the latest versions of Windows media Player, Quick Time, and Windows Live Photo.The jury is still out on photo quality, as I have only taken photos in some fairly challenging lighting conditions.  The SD4500 so far does a better job than the SD4000 in auto-focusing, but tends to take a bit longer to do so, so I have ended up missing some shots (again, this may be related to the lighting conditions).  I will update my review when I have a chance to take photos in more varied lighting conditions.Canon has also improved on the already great usability of the SD4000 by adding a dedicated start/stop movie button, so it is impossible to start recording a movie when you really wanted a photo (it is still possible to take a photo when you meant to take a movie, as the shutter control is still active and takes a photo even when the slider switch is in movie mode).  Note that you can not take still photos while you are taking a movie - doing so will simply stop recording the movie. The slider switch to move between movie, still photo program mode, and still photo auto mode takes a bit of getting used to, but with the separate start movie button there really is no need to move the slider unless you want to move between auto and program still photo mode.Also, the SD4500 is a bit bigger than the SD4000 (I measure the SD4500 at 3.9" w x 2.3" h x .75" d) but it fits pretty comfortably in a shirt or pants pocket.To sum up:Pros: easy to use, great package, good HD videoCons: a bit slow in auto focusingJury still out on: Overall photo quality - will come back an update later