I recently purchased the Nikon S8000 through another retailer in the hopes of utilizing a more compact camera system for an upcoming family vacation.  I currently have a Pentax K-7 camera system with three lenses and love it.  However, as great as a the K-7 is, it is a little impractical to use when going to an amusement park with the family. Thus it seemed that the Nikon S8000 would be a perfect solution to take great snapshots of our family vacation in Florida.Thankfully, I did a good going over with this camera, testing its capabilities and picture quality, using various settings and situations.  What I found was that the Nikon name doesn't mean squat when it comes to compact digital cameras.  I was somewhat skiddish with this camera to begin with, as it touts a robust 14 megapixel imaging sensor, a CCD sensor, which can only lead to a sure problem - digital noise. I guess I was hoping Nikon had developed a CCD sensor that could compensate for the noise problem, like that of the Fujifilm EXR technology digital cameras that have just recently come out.  But to my disappointment, it was to no avail.  But, to further complicate matters, the camera as been programed by Nikon engineers to do a lot of heavey noise suppresion, but that in turn causes the pictures to lose quite a bit of detail.  This really rears its ugly head when you may want to crop a picture taken with the Nikon S8000.  The noise compensation programing done with this camera causes many of the pictures to come out with mushy details.  Yes, if you use the lower ISO settings this can be reduced somewhat, but not very well.  To compound matters, if you choose to crop any of the pictures taken with this camera, the noise and mush become that much more magnified.Don't get me wrong, there a some things to like about this camera.  The 921k LCD screen for viewing and composing your pictures is wonderful.  The 10X Nikkor lens (30-300mm# is great for taking picture without the hassle of changing lenses everytime you turnaround.  The playback and editing of images taken on this camera works seemlessly. Even the tackful feel of the rubberized grip area was a nice touch. But if a well designed camera can't pass muster in the image quality department, what do you really have in a camera?  Survey says... Nothing!Since I have now returned the Nikon S8000, I am now trying out two other recent entries that seem to be a little more promising: The Sony HX5v and the Casio EX-FH100).  Neither one of these cameras use a CCD sensor for capturing images, but rather, a CMOS type sensors which helps, but does not totally eliminate, the digital noise issue that has long plagued the point and shoot compact camera market.  I am not trying to be overly critical of Nikon, because they are, no doubt, a leader in the digital SLR market, but work needs to be done to make the Nikon S8000 camera a worthy travel companion camera.