I recently had my house broken into. In order to have piece of mind again, I chose to have a security system installed and opted to setup my own video surveillance system. After some investigation and research, I found the Wi Life options from Logitech and opted for this.First the pros:Easy to setup - all you need to do is plug the camera into your wall outlet (this includes the outdoor system), install the software on the PC you wish to use, plug the other USB adapter into the wall near your PC and plug the USB cord coming from this wall adapter into your PC. The Wi Life software will walk you through the entire setup so it's painlessNo cords to run - unlike other systems where you may have to run both a video cord and a power cord, this uses your home electrical wiring as a type of network. All you need to do is plug it into an outlet and you're ready to go. (yes, on some stand alone systems you have power and video from one cable, but you must still run the cabling through your house)Software is simple to use - the software is simple to setup and simple to use. You can copy events, as recorded events are called, to USB stick, CD, DVD or whatever medium you want to easily hand over to law enforcement. You don't have any VHS tapes or DVD-Rs to look through; you open the software, open the viewer, locate the time you wish to view then save it to an external device. Since it uses the Windows Media Video format, any PC should be able to view the video you produceAnd now for the cons:Reuires a pretty powerful PC for more than a few cameras - one thing the box doesn't really go into too much detail about are the PC requirements. For a single camera or 2, this system needs a very basic PC. If you wish to have the maximum amount of cameras in use, that being 6, you will need a PC with a ton of RAM and a really fast processor. Part of the reason for the need for a more powerful PC was Logitech's decision to use WMV (Windows Media Video) for encoding the recorded video.PC must be on all the time - For those wanting to conserve power, this is NOT the option to use. You must have your PC on all the time for recording surveillance. You can chose to turn your PC on and off when you wish to record, but this doesn't change the fact that power consumption from this device, compared to stand alone devices, will be more.Video quality - you can only get up to 15 fps (frames per second) on this. Some stand alone systems can get you 30 fps, and on the more expensive models you can get as high as 60 fps. The higher the fps, the smoother the recorded video and the easier to get facial details and so on of those perpetrating crimes against you.Limited to only 6 cameras - since this offering uses a PC, I had hoped to remove the limitation on the amount of cameras you use. Most stand alone systems I've seen allow for only up to 4-8 cameras (more cameras = higher starting costs). The limitation, it seems, is with Logitech choosing to use a PC as it's recorder. The smaller single function devices are designed to do a single type of function so they are more efficient and can handle larger loads.If you need a new PC, you're adding to the cost of the system - so if you have a PC you already leave on all the time, you're set. If not, or you wish to use your PC for other things and not mess around with the surveillance PC, expect to add anywhere from $300-$2000 to your start up costs. For the cost of the master system and a $300 PC, you can purchase yourself a decent 4 camera stand alone system. Add on 3 more Wi Life cameras at $200 each and the cost comparison becomes a no brainer. The Wi Life would run you ~$900, plus a $300 PC (possibly more, since with 4 cameras you need quite a nice PC), that's $1200. A stand alone system will run you $800 with 4 cameras. The only down side to the stand alone is the need to run cabling.One thing to note is that you must purchase ONE master system per surveillance system you wish to use. Once you have the master system (indoor, outdoor or concealed in a clock), you can quickly and easily upgrade your system with the Wi Life cameras (indoor, outdoor or concealed in a clock) without the need for another master system.In the end, I went with the Wi Life. The start up costs, compared to stand alone systems, was a lot cheaper. The least expensive system I found was roughly $800. I needed something quickly and less expensively than that, so I went with 2 Wi Life cameras. I had a spare, semi-powerful laptop that I had access to, so I didn't need to spend money on another PC. Factoring in the additional cost of a PC, you are much better off going with a stand alone system and running a cable (many stand alone systems let you run a single cable from the DVR (recording) device to the camera through which it supplies electricity and the video data).I am happy with what I've received.