Pro:-It's SMALL:  Smaller in both length and width than most flip phones (like Motorola or Samsung) and has the same silver finish-Ease of use: I'm not really a techie, but I was able to figure out how to use it by reading the manual over a couple of times. Trust me, if I can do it, anyone can.-It came with an updated USB driver for the camera that installed in less than 30 seconds on my WinXP PC.  I chose not to install the included photo editing software, but that's up to individual users.-When connected to my USB port, the pictures (w/o the editing software) showed up in folders under "Removable Disk" icon that pops up next to my CD-Rom drives whenever I plug in the cameraand I just view them with the WINXP picture fax viewer-I've taken about 50 pics already and there were no "RED EYE" problems for me in any of them, unlike a lot of other reviews I've seen on the internet-The frame rate for the video was almost the same as watching home movies from my camcorder, although the sound was very very low (just need to bring the camera in closer to the person talking)-has built in speaker!  I watched and listened to the small video clips, each one about 60 secs.-The flash is very, very good!!!  Pictures in low-light (not withstanding the LCD problem) at about 12 feet, come out crisp and clear for me-All the other buttons and controls (except the four-way dial) are extremely easy to use and all the major regular features like flash settings and manual focus are literally at the push of a button, not through the menu screen-I've been using only my right hand for all menu options and also taking pictures (warning to left-handed people, this is a right-handed camera)-OVERALL: This camera has features which will please even up to an Intermediate level photographer.Con:-The metal body scratches easily.  I've had it for about four hours, and there's already a small scratch, but any small scratches are not a problem if you are not less than half an inch from the body of camera.-There are discrepencies in the manual, specifically with the various photo "modes" available.  Several of them are not even listed or explained at all.-There are only four fixed resolutions you can take pictures in-The four-way dial is way too small for most hands-The LCD screen is almost totally black in very low light conditions-NO (Secure Digital) FLASH MEDIA STORAGE CARD INCLUDED (prepare to shell out anywhere between $25 to $200 additional for storage -- about 40 pics with a 128 mb card at the higest resolution)-The AC adapter for the camera itself is "optional" (either buy another battery or keep your battery charger handy)-the battery life also is not very good, and it seems it needs more charging time than its use time-NEED A CASE if planning on TRAVELING with the camera.CONCLUSION:If you're looking for the digital camera that has everything, go for a 5 megapixel one (e.g. Canon S50) which is larger in size but has everything a semi-professional photographer would want.  But if you're a gadget freak, this will impress the @#$% out of your buddies.  But, not just aesthically, this camera was extremely easy to use and doesn't involve any sort of a lengthy learning curve, even for complete newbies to digital cameras, like me.  Even with the con's, I still love this camera!