First, I love many things about this camera, most of them are mentioned in other reviews here, so I won't repeat too many of them. I especially appreciate the vibration reduction. It's tough to go from this camera to another one and deal with a shaky zoom. But that's what I'm doing now because:Bad: For the second time in less than a year, my camera's in the shop (under warranty) being fixed because, out of the blue, a "lens error" stopped all functions on my camera. Last time, I had the camera for less than two months when this happened. I just turned off my camera and heard "click, grind, click," and "lens error" appeared on the viewer and completely disabled the camera. Last time it took more than a month to get back the camera from Nikon. Also, Nikon isn't too quick on supplying items. I had to wait three months to get my lens filter.The Coolpix 8800, like many other digital cameras, doesn't have the immediacy of a film camera. So it takes a fraction of a second to actually take the photo after I push the button. In the world of pictures, that fraction of a second is important. Also, the recycle rate on this camera is slow. I often miss a second shot because the information takes too long to save to the memory card. These two problems are significant in capturing moments ranging from kids' birthdays to wildlife coverage to sports moments.The menu isn't the easiest I've encountered. It can be difficult to navigate. I'm not a novice, but I do like user-friendly equipment.Good: This camera has taken some of the most beautiful photos in my portfolio. I've even blown up some to print on 11x17 printer paper, and they're still gorgeous.I love SLRs, and this has that very comfortable, familiar feeling. I had to relearn photography styles for my point-and-shoot digital camera, not so for this one, where I can take much of my SLR style and apply it here.I like the movable view screen. I can hold up the camera above my head, but tilt the screen and still see the picture.The video option is great, but I wish it had unlimited video time.Like most digital cameras, this one uses a lot of power; so, buy an extra battery. Also, I initially bought 512 MB cards, which turn out to be about the equivalent of only a couple rolls of 36 picture film. If you're serious about photography, buy the 1 GB cards. Also, consider purchasing a seperate flash and flash battery for better light.Update: I had to take in the camera for repair once more. It was shortly before the warranty expired. Because it was for the same problem, I asked for a replacement camera. The manufacturer wouldn't replace the camera and would only update the firmware. I feel I gave them the opportunity to fix the camera, but the didn't. Now, if the camera acts up again, I will have to pay to fix something that should have been covered by warranty. I feel like I cannot depend on the camera working when I need it, so I now take a back-up camera with me. If I could, I would drop the recommendation from three stars to two because of the consistent problems and the imposition of carrying a second camera.