Ordered two of these cameras (mine were branded EasyN, but sound like a number of clones exist) with the expectations equal to the price.  Wasn't expecting much in the way of quality and functionality at the $5X price tag, but I've been for the most part pleasantly surprised.Pros - easy setup,even with the poorly translated instructions; the included software does a good job of quick setup - however, you should have some fundamental knowledge of how your home network and router work; all parts are included that you will need for installation; good night time viewing with the IR light, mic and speaker on the camera (although external would be better quality); low cost; seems to be a clone of a number of brandsCons - washed out images outside (no IR-cut filter in the camera makes daytime photos look very washed out, almost black and white; MAJOR issues with getting the cameras to go wireless, 5V power supply wall wart - very small and sounds like they may be prone to failure from other reviews.The washed-out daytime images are not of great consequences, as I am using the cameras to monitor my animals in the pastures.  Looking for a low-cost IR-cutoff filter that may be able to be added and improve the quality. However, the images are clear and cameras were focused as received.  Mounted under the eaves, so we'll see how environmentally durable they are as time goes on.I've tried a number of times to get the cameras to operate on the wireless network, but so far, no luck.  I've found several related posts with ideas, so I'm going to give these a try this weekend.  Right now, I've had to run 100' lengths of CAT5 cable from the router out to the cameras as a temporary fix.  They have a 400 mW wireless output, so if I can get the wireless side going, and they are used with a directional gain antenna, they should do OK well away from the house.Cameras operate very easily from inside the network, and as I've got a static IP address, very easy to hook up to and operate using software available for both Android and iPhone.  Goal is to have these uploading to our alpaca ranch website.  I've not set up any of the alert features, as I didn't intend these as security devices as much as monitoring ones.Overall, so far I'm impressed with these $5X cameras.  If I can work out the wireless network issues, I'll probably be buying more and place them around the ranch.