I purchased this Security Camera system 07/21/12. I received the package 07/24/12. I had no problem setting it up as instructions indicated. I liked the Monitor because I could keep an eye on everything out my front door all the way to the street, including my car and front steps and still watch TV. On 07/25/12 I pulled the SD card and watched all the videos that I set up under Motion Detection, but realized it had recorded me putting cat food out at 6:44 am, and an automobile driving by at 7:07 am; however, it did not record me walking down my steps, getting into my car and backing out of my driveway around 7:00 am. As someone had broken the locking gas cap off my car recently I need this camera to pick up anyone walking up to it or approaching my front steps. I called customer service that day (25th) and was 14th in line @ 1:14 pm. 9th in line @ 1:18 pm, 6th in line at 1:22 pm and 3rd in line @ 1:25 pm then a man came on and wanted my phone number and they would call me back. I told the man I wanted to hold because I did not believe they would call me back; he said he had no way of putting me back in the Que so I gave him my name and phone number. At 9:14 pm CST (I was going to bed) I received a return call. After explaining what was wrong the man said he would replace the camera but he would need to send me an email telling me all the information they would need and I would have to send them a copy of my sales receipt. I told him that was no problem. I did not receive an email from him. I called them back the morning of the 26th, left my number for a return call and was called back in approximately 2 hours. I once again explained what was happening with the camera not recording properly and that I had not gotten the email. I received the email while this new man was on the phone. As of today I still have not heard back from the email I sent them on the 26th which means I will have to call them again and wait again for them to call me back and explain everything all over again. I guess I'm expecting too much to be able to call a company and get service or for a product to work as advertised. I do not recommend this company to purchase from.