My objective in buying the Swann product was to add video capability to my existing home security system.  Previously I had tried Netgear's Vuezone system, a potentially excellent product but currently with inferior cameras.PROS:* Very easy set-up* Excellent wireless camera with very good color clarity and adjustable frames per second* Product appears to be well built* Good night visibility* Motion detection range is good.  Captured images are uploaded to the cloud  (optional fee).  Provides a free 30-day trial of cloud support for each camera that is added.* Audio can be switched on or off* Mobile access* The iPhone SwannSmart application is pretty good and allows the user to control all functions of a camera remotely; however, you must have a strong wireless connection.  Cellular connections, even with a strong signal on Verizon's LTE, may not always allow remote changes.CONS:* Cameras require AC power which limits their placement.  If Netgear's VueZone improves its camera, which is completely wireless, they will become a very strong competitor to Swann* Each camera is completely independent.  If multiple cameras are installed, each one must be controlled separately.* If you want to utilize motion detection you must have cloud support.  Cloud support is priced at $59 per year PER CAMERA.  This fact is NOT CLEAR in their marketing material.  I have 3 Swann Cameras and would have bought more if Swann offered some type of volume pricing or a flat fee for cloud support.* I'm uncertain as to the quality of technical support.  I called once and was put on hold and told I was number 2 in the queue. However, after waiting for approximately 10-minutes, a recording came on and told me to leave a message and a number and my call would be returned.  I thought this was pretty bad support.* The motion detection is super sensitive and, even when on low settings, is activated for no apparent reason.  The result of this will be a large number of "events" (instances when the camera thinks it detects motion).  For this reason you will likely not want to use "e-mail alerts".  They will drive you crazy.  Additionally, the delete procedure for "events" is cumbersome and time consuming.  The best approach may be to not manually delete "events" as Swann says it automatically deletes events which are 30-days old.OVERALL:I've now had the product for several months.  I am generally happy with the quality of the product and it's ability to meet my objective as a complement to my existing security system.  I would recommend this product.