Logitech used to be a Mac-friendly company but this product breaks that trend in a big way. Their customer service is not doing them any favors either. I give this product 1 star for the video quality and 0 stars for any other aspect of the product.They are NOT KIDDING when they say a "Windows computer" is REQUIRED. I literally bought the newest versions of Parallels 6 virtualization software and a brand new copy of Windows 7 explicitly to run the software from this program on my 2010 MacBook Pro. I'm tech-literate enough to install it all with absolutely no problems, along with the proper anti-virus software and setting up firewalls.The software for the Alert system installed fine, Setup Wizard ran fine, and I even installed firmware updates for the application and the Powerline hardware (the "home base" plugged into your router) with no problems at all inside Windows 7.But every single day for a month, the camera stopped recording after 3-4 hours of observation, from a variety of remote and local Macs, iPhones, and PCs. Every. Single. Day. The camera itself functioned fine (aside from the broadcast stops every day), recognizing motion, showing the "everything is fine" blue light, recording video until the moment it stopped daily. Every day I had to wake up and stick a paper clip in the back of the camera to reset it so it would work for the first half of the day, otherwise the application would say it couldn't find any cameras to connect to.I contacted Customer Support at least 6 times over the course of a month, through phone and web, and the end result every time was, "We cannot help you. You must be running Windows on PC hardware." To me this is unacceptable. At no point does the Alert system have to physically plug into any hardware, everything is an over-the-air wireless update through Windows. From what I gather on the Logitech Customer Support site, timely responses and ability to locate and solve problems for customers is not a strength.I returned the entire system and I fully blame Logitech for a seriously flawed product. I'll make sure to avoid them in the future.