I've been using these DVRs for a good while now, I've installed many. I got these with some so called "upgrade" cameras which they say are 600 lines instead of the 480. I must say these must be the worste 600tvl cameras I've ever seen. The extra resolution only seems to enhance the flaws in the picture, the grains and pixelation are very well defined by these cameras. Also the image seems blurrier than the 480tvl and maybe even the 420tvl.The DVR is another case, the firmware version says june 2013 and the interface is a bit different than the ones before. The playback system is comoletely chaotic and unintuitive. You have 2 ways of playing back recordings, you can use quick playback which has 3 presets which the max is 60 seconds in the past and you can go into custom and choose date and time down to the very second. I must say though that these settings are a huge upgrade over the main record search which I am about to get into. The Main record search is total chaos, I swear. There is this chart like image that shows blue for what ever time is recorded and black for where ever there is none. Its buggy, glitchy and confusing. If that isn't bad enough sometimes you choose a date that there is recording and it shows black. It can only playback 4 cams at a time which isn't bad as most DVRs can only play 4 simultaneously. Also something that was not clear to me ever is that D1 recording is done at a drastically reduced frame rate, I would say definately below 10. CIF and half D1 are fine but just not well detailed at all.Another thing, ZMODO seriously need to work on the base for the cameras, they can easily break and even easier the shaft starts to spin in the base which is guaranteed to screw up ur camera positioning.I know it sounds like I hate them but I've seen worse and I've seen more expensive systems not be better at all so for hi 190 bucks you can't really complain just know than over time change out those effing s***ty cameras with even some $30 ones and your good to go. Also I almost forgot, I installed one of these in a bar and had to modify all 4 cam's light sensors, they refused to come out of night mode and the place was friggin bright enough. The sensors are down in a rubber tube with a tiny plastic lens on top. I removed the lens and cut off the exess rubber to completely expose the light sensor which fixed the problem.Over all as I said, you get what you pay for and to be honest I've bought dozens of these Zmodo DVRs and none have ever failed or even the cameras never fail so thats a huge bonus as I've seen the more expensive brands of superior quality flop.