Finally - a video monitor worth the money! This Motorola camera is the perfect solution to what I have been looking for - good quality picture with pan/tilt functionality. We had been using just an audial monitor, and I ended up getting up and running across the house everytime I heard my baby cry, turn, cough, sniffle, or anything else that sounded "off". With this monitor, I could simply stay in bed and watch my baby to make sure everything was OK.PHYSICAL CAMERA:This has an on/off switch and an ac adapter. Note that this camera MUST be plugged in to work - there is no battery-operated option. This isn't a huge deal as the camera can pan/tilt everywhere and is wall mountable, but it can be a minor nuisance if you want to temporarily move the camera to different room(s).VIDEO QUALITY:The video works very well in both light and dark conditions. In low light conditions, the picture quality becomes a little bit gritty, but the entire image is still quite clear/visible. In normal/bright conditions, picture quality is excellent.AUDIO QUALITY:The volume level is adjustable on the monitor... we have the monitor placed across the room from where my child sleeps (~10 feet). When I turn up the volume to max, I can hear everything, including my child's breathing. The only downside to this is that you end up hearing all of the white noise as well (hum of air conditioner). It doesn't bother me, but in our quiet bedroom, the white noise coming through on the monitor is quite loud.HANDHELD MONITOR:You control pan/tilt, volume, screen brightness, and music from here. You can also see the room temperature, and can talk through the unit to be heard from the camera on the other side. The unit has a battery and ac adapter, and when not plugged in, the unit will automatically go into sleep mode (screen will turn off). You can still hear what the camera is picking up, but you will have to press the display button in order to see the picture again. if the unit remains plugged in, the screen stays on unless you press the display button to turn it off. There is also an option to connect additional cameras through the system, and then you can cycle through the cameras from this single monitor. I only have one camera, so I can't speak to how well this works.I have not seen anything else on the market that comes close to the quality/functionality of this unit. I have had zero issues with performance or any interference. It is more expensive than the other units out there, but this is quality I would gladly pay for again.