My elderly parents have had a lot of prowlers  so I bought this unit for them. It arrived two days ago. My son and I installed it by ourselves. I'm a 55 year old tech-challenged grandma (but I'm good with power tools) and the first camera installation was a learning curve. After that the rest went up pretty quickly. We had plugged in all the cameras to make sure they worked before we started installation. All cameras were mounted on the outside of the house so we were drilling through the outside walls then up into the attic. The cords were long enough to run from the garage to the back bedroom of a 2500 sq ft home. You will need to purchase an additional ethernet cable to run from the DVR to your router. I have not installed the computer softwear or used the iPhone application. Plan to work on that today. The IR works great, the picture quality was better than I expected. My son is quite a bit more tech savvy so he set all the motion detection parameters. The house faces a busy street so we had to adjust the motion detection areas so it wouldn't record every passing car. It was fairly easy, we got on our cell phones and I walked around until we got it just right. Once I get all the softwear installed I'll add to this review and let you know how it goes. We worked a good 6 hours on installation and another two hours fine tuning. The only thing stopping it from being 5 stars is the slightly flimsy camera base but heck, the price was right.*Update* 12/29/13 BEFORE you try to link this to your smart phone you must update the firmware to the latest version. Once we did that it was smooth sailing for accessing the cameras via the iPhones. That reset everything to the default settings so we had to go in and set the motion detection areas. This unit can be wired directly to your alarm system  (like ADT). The only problem we are having now is getting it to send us an email alert when the motion detector triggers the alarm. If we have an "aha moment" before talking to Customer Support tomorrow, I'll post again.*UPDATE* 12/29/13 Email issue: After double-checking all of our server settings with our ISP, Gmail and Yahoo accounts, we still weren't able to get the DVR to send us an email.  We used an Outlook.com account instead and it worked for us just fine. We will look into this and post an update.