I have feeders outside my dining room window that attract tons of birds. Unfortunately, with my double pane windows I can't hear them. I wanted a remote microphone that was weatherproof and did not require regular battery changes. A baby monitor did not meet either of these criteria. Also, it is too non-directional. The product here met my first two requirements and is at least slightly directional.This is not the greatest microphone for wildlife, but it is the cheapest and it does work. That's why I give it four stars - value to price ratio is important. From my hunt for an outdoor mike to hang under my roof eaves, I found mikes that might have done a better job for hundreds of dollars and not all waterproof. Plus, they were typically designed for specific mounting brackets. This product just gets stapled or duct taped under an eave.Don't expect miracles. There is no wind screen like a professional photographer might have on a boom mike or a mike mounted on a video camera. In a strong wind, I have to turn this off. But in a strong wind it would be hard to hear the birds even with the window open.I had planned on using an old boom-box or computer speaker (amplified) with this mike/preamp. I hadn't realized when I bought this that the RCA plug it uses is pretty rare as an input on boom-boxes or computer speakers. You will almost certainly need an adapter. (I think this should have been in the instructions and Amazon should list them as suggested accessories.) I couldn't find anything suitable in the local hardware stores. I did find them on Amazon, of course.For example, most old computer speakers (I had several in my basement) have a 3.5mm male plug that goes into the speaker output socket on a PC or laptop. You need an adapter with RCA females on one side and a 3.5mm female on the other. Here's one for under $4:  :http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00DJAAFVW/ref=pe_385040_30332190_TE_3p_M3T1_ST1_dp_1Note that the mike is mono, not stereo. You plug it into one of the two RCA sockets on the adapter. If you want stereo, you could do it pretty cheaply. Your old computer speaker will likely be in pairs for stereo. You just need a second one of these VideoSecu mikes.If you don't have any old computer speakers, you can probably find them at a thrift store for a buck or two..