Not really sure if this can be considered much more than a toy.The software and camera are very slow to respond to any changes and 640x480 resolution is not even close to state of the art.  Detail is missing on anything beyond 20 feet or so.Even at 30 fps and high res settings, recordings are jumpy, grainy w/o detail. (640x480 is low resolution and the utility does net even allow you to scale it to full screen, maybe a media player can make more use of the recordings, scaling or cleaning them up etc.).Some real shortcomings include:  - Settings that do not remain set, no matter how many times you change and SAVE them in the windows utility.  - My camera disappeared from the wireless network a couple of times now.  Had to reconfigure (connect lan cable and run the setup utility).  It just goes away, wont answer a ping and missing from the router table too.  - Browsing the recordings I noticed that the calendar has no Saturdays in it!  Very strange.  The weeks in the calendar are Sunday through Friday only.  If you record anything on Saturdays, I guess it is just gone.  Also there is a back arrow to navigate to previous months to view recordings but no arrow to move forward again. Awkward.  - As far as I can tell FTP of recordings does not work (at least to 2 FTP servers I have tried).  Email of 5 second videos does work...not sure about the Samba options (I have not tried using Samba yet for this device, I will try this option at a later time).  By the way...if you dont know what FTP and Samba are or how to configure Samba or FTP servers on your network, this might not be the camera for you.The software (window utility) and firmware seem to be a bit buggy yet and appear to be almost initial releases as of June 2010.  I upgraded to the latest firmware but all the issues above exist with that version installed.For just real time watching of low res video from a remote location it works ok...just be sure that is all you expect.  100 of the 129 dollars you will pay for this camera go into making it wireless.  A notebook computer with a hardwired camera (ethernet or usb) would do just as well.