As a basic video baby monitor, this camera works about as well as most, albeit at a premium price (especially if you want additional cameras).However, many of the extra cool features advertised don't actually work as advertised - such as the Skype feature, the temperature sensor, auto-mute and the rechargeable battery pack.  It's like Samsung's product engineering department fell asleep halfway through completion and Samsung's marketing department took the half finished product and ran with it like it was completed.And speaking of non-working features, let's sure hope you don't have any problems with your camera, because their tech support is the worst I've ever encountered (and I work in the IT support industry).  I don't mean they have long hold times, I mean when you call them, you will almost assuredly get their voicemail, and when you leave a voicemail, they will most likely never call you back... as in ever.  Same thing if you email them.Go ahead, try and call them right now and see if you get a hold of anyone:1-877-349-3149Over the last 4-5 months I've made 10+ phone calls and sent 10+ emails and I've heard back all of twice, and only after I escalated by contacting Samsung corporate to let them know their tech support appeared to be on permanent vacation.  Even then, the two replies I got back were extremely short and quick to blame Skype and Microsoft for 'being incompatible with their camera'.If you're curious about the issue, this monitor badly crops and distorts the video resolution of the camera when it's used with Skype on Windows 7.  I've verified it with three separate Windows 7 machines.  It works fine on Windows XP, though.  For some reason their support group believes it's not their job to be compatible with Skype and Windows 7, but instead it's Skype's and Microsoft's responsibility to be compatible with their camera.  But that leaves me begging the question: why are you advertising this camera works on Skype if it doesn't work on the world's most popular desktop operating system?Regarding the other issues (which I haven't even bothered to try to get resolved through tech support):- The thermometer feature in both of my cameras reads way high (85 degrees in a 72 degree room), which makes it pointless.- The auto-mute sensitivity adjustment to wake you up if your baby is crying is impossible to calibrate.  It's either going off all the time or not at all, meaning I can't use auto-mute at all.- The manual claims that you can put rechargeable batteries in the cameras, but the batteries don't actually recharge inside this camera when you plug it in, and even though the manual makes reference to an optional battery pack that's sold separately, it doesn't give a model number, and after extensive searching on the Samsung website and even contacting their sales department, I've finally realized that it doesn't exist.