This camera is a relabeled Y-cam, which sells for about $100 less.  IT has all the same problems and shortcomings as the Y-cam.  So you can look under "Y-cam Black SD" to get a few more honest reviews about it. (Here's the spoiler, As a Y-cam it gets 2.5 stars).  Anyway here's the Pro's and ConsPro's--Nice and small, attractive-Relatively easy to assemble-Nice color picture-They don't overburden you with too much in the way of instructions or set up. I guess they figure it's all pretty intuitive.- They answer the phone when you call them.  Which you'll need to..Cons-- You pay $12.00 for an iphone app to access this on your Iphone.  But.. It only works in your house.  There are no instructions on how to set this up when you are outside the area of you home wifi.  So you will end up calling customer support.  Hence all the great reviews about their customer support.- You contact customer support/fill out a support ticket for help stating the problem and the time to be reached and someone emails you and says when they will call you back.  Then cross your fingers.  I went to bed after midnight still waiting.- The box shows a full screen Iphone picture from the camera.  Your picture will be half that size.- The software offers lots of settings where you can change things both on the Iphone App, and on the computer.  Unfortunately no where in anything included are any instructions given regarding when to change these settings and what they do.- I was actually able to get this thing running so I could see the picture on my home computer and Iphone(at home) but for about $60.00 you can get a very nice camera for watching your kid in your home, and not waste days of your life learning about port forwarding, internal and external IP addresses, Dtdns, and passwords to things you didn't even know existed on your system.Again- Notice every favorable review involved a call to customer service. It's great that they have customer service that sometimes helps you out.  Not so good when every good review is because someone had to call customer service.Follow-up:  I did end up speaking to customer service, and they were helpful.  They also sent me an email asking that I write them a favorable review on Amazon and mention the technicians name. Incidentally the phone technicians are contracted network engineers with day jobs around the country for whom this is pretty easy.  I spent an hour and a half with one, and I consider myself pretty comfortable with a computer. Anyway the system works.  It's a pain to set up, nothing intuitive here.  You have to go digging for instructions to do anything. Have fun..