I recently replaced my Summer video monitor with a Motorola video monitor - model MBP36.Our Summer monitor has been temperamental almost as long as we've had it (5 years) with the (fairly small) screen picture sometimes turning to static even when in range, and then going back to normal with no obvious rhyme or reason. With a new baby on the way, and a toddler still in a crib, we are really glad we made the switch to the Motorola, and have been really happy with it.The directions were straight forward and after reading through the booklet briefly, it was really clear how to navigate the menu.First of all, the screen is HUGE -much larger than the Summer one- and the quality is clear and sharp even at night. I just looked at the monitor just now (nap time) and can see my son's chest breathing in and out.Unlike my previous monitor, the Motorola monitor does so much more than simply provide video.The speaker enables me to speak to my son without going into his room physically. This is probably more helpful for a toddler vs a newborn, but I think is a neat feature regardless.I have also been pleasantly surprised by the lullaby settings. My son demands music at bedtime. Usually we set up my iPod and he can be picky about song choice, and our speakers mean extra cords in the room and I would rather the room be as cord free as possible for safety! (Toddler has been known to climb out of crib). Also, I always have to go back into his room to shut off the music once he's asleep. I tried remotely turning on the melodies straight from the monitor, which I can then easily shut off remotely via the parent unit once he's asleep. He has gone right to sleep 3 nights straight! I imagine this feature will also be wonderful for a newborn.I also love the remote pan, tilt and zoom features, which enables me to adjust the "eye" of the until so that I can better see my child as he moves around in the crib.Volume control is straight forward, and I find that because I can so clearly see all of my toddlers movements on the screen, I keep the volume low.Last but not least, I love that the monitor reads the temperature in the room. We live in an old house where temperature from room to room varies. It definitely takes some guesswork out of dressing the baby properly when you know the temp in the room where the baby is.I would recommend this monitor for parents of both infants and toddlers. It just does so much more than a traditional video monitor!