To begin with, I have to admit that we do not use this unit to monitor babies as we have none...having gone through that `baby thing' years and years ago.  No, we use this unit to monitor dogs!  Now before you go off on me, keep in mind that our dogs are treated far, far better than many babies and children we see around us today.  Our dogs are part of our family and treated as such.As to this unit:  It was everything we wanted in such a device and actually works for us better than we anticipated.Set up was such that even a very low tech person such as myself had absolutely no problems what so every.  The instructions were well written, very precise and I had absolutely no problems understanding them...a rarity for me.  I was able to understand how to operate this contraption will little effort.  Yes, it took a bit of figuring out, but that was a rather painless process.We found the sound quality to be quite good for our needs. When the new Boston Terrier pup starts rearranging the kitchen trash when we are not in the room, we hear it instantly.  Our bedroom is quite far from the kitchen so we were please with the range.I love the ability to take snapshot with this unit!  While the quality of the picture certainly is not that of my old Nikon FA or that of my wife's fancy digital that I had to take out a second mortgage for, it is acceptable and we are able to get many candid shots that we simply could get not other way.The night vision on this unit works quite well and very little light is needed for it to be effective.The camera portion of the unit is a bit top heavy and you have to take care how you set it or it will tip over.  For our purpose the mounting bracket was not applicable.  I got around this by using strips of removable Velcro on the surface the camera was to be attached and on the bottom of the camera.  This works out well.I was quite happy with the two-way communication device. A sharp voice command such NO! and or BAD DOG! was quite effective.Overall, I am quite satisfied with this product.  If I were to use it to monitor babies, I feel I would like is for that function too.  Could this device be better?  Of course it could.  In looking at the reviews here and on other such devices offered, it seems that there are flaws in all of them and different folks have different needs; indeed, different tolerance levels.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks