Four Versatile Stars! This review is written from the perspective of a Macintosh-running OS X 10.8 (Mountain Lion), Safari browser version 6, and an iPhone5. The D-Link DCS-5020L Pan & Tilt Day/Night Network Cloud Camera will probably prove to be a great camera for its specified use if I can use all of its capabilities, as specified by the D-Link users guide. But buyers will immediately notice from the Quick Install Guide that if they want to use the first configuration option, a D-Link router (an item that varies from $20 to $160 which is not provided with the camera) is required as well as having a mydlink.com account, which allows the user to take advantage of the Zero Configuration option, either via ethernet or wirelessly.The second option is to download the Setup Wizard and follow the steps. Everything went flawlessly including a perfect limited sized camera picture of my room and backyard in bright and low light via the internet but the final steps using mydlink required Java (Runtime Environment and Java web browser), and I terminated the installation when I refused to activate Java in Safari. Oracle's Java application has been specified by Homeland Security and other computer experts, in some instances, as vulnerable to malware. While Dlink promotes use of the most current Java versions, some of us may pass on this option. DLink must come up with a Java-less solution in order for computer users to fully use their site.However, FULL SUCCESS was achieved by downloading the D-Link lite smartphone app which produces a clear, sharp color or B/W picture broadcast by the wireless camera via D-Link's internet site in low and bright light with sound (which needs more finite control of the very sensitive on-board microphone) The camera looks outside in night vision mode into the nighttime yard. It also swivels nearly 180 degrees and tilts up/down to 45 degrees+ via remote smartphone control in incremental steps and can digitally document what is occurring for future use. It also has the capability to be triggered by motion and sound detection. Look for firmware updates available as of the date of this review. Very Definitely Recommended for targeted use. Four IMPRESSIVE Stars for the Smartphone mode for this versatile pan & tile network camera but the mydlink services Java computer use problem needs to be solved. Updates to this review will be posted here as firmware updates and other pertinent changes or capabilities occur. This camera is already on security duty in my home.(Requirements: Microsoft Windows 8, 7, Vista, XP, or Mac with OS X 10.6 or higher. Browsers: Internet Explorer 7, Firefox, Chrome, or Safari 4 or higher with Java "installed and enabled". Existing 10/100 Ethernet-based network or  802.11n/g wireless network. 1 year limited warranty. Technical support available.)