I changed my review from 3 star to 2 star after I started reading more reviews and found that the issues I have described below are common problems. A product this expensive should not break this easily with no options from the company for repair.I'll start off by saying that we like this monitor. It has good range, screen visibility (we have the 3.5") and sound. We have an almost 2 year old and a 4 month old and we have bought two additional cameras so we have one in each of their rooms and one in the garage for when the baby falls asleep in the car. I love that you can hook up to 4 cameras up to it. However, to be honest, it is tough to have it keep switching between the two rooms so we ended up getting a sound only monitor they we have permanently on in our older sons room and only check him on the camera if we need to. We have had to replace the battery once (which seems reasonable in two years) and the power cord twice as it seems to easily bend and break/fray at the connection point (not quite as reasonable but not a huge deal).Fast forward to a little under two years after we bought and the on/off switch on the monitor stopped functioning rendering it totally useless. Because we already had three cameras we did purchase another. It stopped working right before the kids bedtime and we sort of panicked and just ran out and replaced it with the same thing since the cameras were already set up in their rooms. So we had to spend another $250 on the monitor and an additional camera (which we don't really need).I called customer service the next day hoping there was some way we could repair or replace the broken monitor. We are planning to have at least one more kid so a second monitor may come in handy and it would help rationalize having to spend another $250 + tax on a second monitor - at least we would have two monitors. The customer service rep said that they only have a one year warranty on it and there was nothing they could do for me. Not totally unreasonable but, for the price, I was definitely expecting to be able to use it for longer than 2 years. I am really hoping the new one lasts longer. If I had to do it over again from the beginning I would probably get something cheaper so replacing it (if needed) wouldn't be as much of a financial burden.