I originally bought this device out of frustration of apathetic police.  Our car, parked on the street, was vandalized by a huge cement brick thrown through the window. The cops acted like, "Sorry.  It's too bad. We can't figure out who did it."  So, I decided that I was going to play my own detective work, and catch the hoodlums on my city property. I bought this device out of frustration and anger about being a victim. It has been the best purchase I have ever made. It does have a few quirks, but by mounting it high, and only turning it on when you need the monitoring, it works extremely well. It is loud enough to be heard throughout the house. We mounted it under a bird house on a pole. I was scared that it would be seen, and ripped off, but it was not.Less than TWO WEEKS later, around 7:30 AM, I heard the alarm go off. I was on the other end of the house. I ran to my son's bedroom window, which is directly in front of the house, and peeked out.  I saw an older teen boy in front of my daughter's window. He had frozen, must have heard the sensor, too.Well, I wanted to catch him in the act of whatever he was going to do (I thought he wanted to steal from us), so, I ran to the front door.  There is a side window where I can spy on people directly in front of my house, without the people knowing.  Anyway, I thought he was going to break in the window.  Then, I saw him slowly put his hands up on the window sill, and look into my daughter's bedroom (daughter, age 16) to watch her.  That was when I realized that I had a Peeping Tom.I was ENRAGED!  I came flying out of the house, yelled at him. He started  running.  I called the police. Since it was a Peeping Tom offense, they did a thorough investigation, with every legal person imaginable in my yard. They never caught the guy.In return, when I figured out what was "attracting" crime on that side of the house, we purchased better curtains, cut down all of the shrubs on that side, and left up the driveway sensor. In return, I got a reputation for being a tough neighbor, and have not had a house problem in over 2 years.  Any quirks this product has are well worth the rewards that it brings.