INITIAL REVIEW: After doing a lot of research (so I thought), I purchased the outdoor system.  Once I unpackaged it, I had it up and showing video images on my PC within 15 minutes, and had web and phone access (the free stuff) working in only 5 more minutes.  Other than not being able to set time frames on the alarms, I love everything about this product!  The initial system worked so well that I bought another outdoor camera and an indoor one.  Adding them was another piece of cake.  It may be a bit pricey, but the merchandise is high-quality.  My whole experience with it has been positive.UPDATE1: Six weeks later, the honeymoon is over.  Unexpectedly, the indoor and outdoor camera started to not be available much on my Droid phone.  Then they became never available.  Then the Logitech Alert web viewer quit seeing my cameras.  Resetting a camera gives me one more viewing, but then they are unavailable again the next time.  The downhill slide has taken about a week to reach this point.UPDATE2: Soon after I wrote UPDATE1, the response time and success rate of the internet and phone-viewing suddenly became dramatically improved... better than it had been when new!  What explains this?  Dunno -- could be Logitech's server, my Verizon connection, flakey hardware?  So I bumped the product rating up to 3 stars.  They'll get 4 if this holds out for a few weeks.  But right now, I get my live feed super quickly and consistently.UPDATE3: The last month has been a good one: zero at-home failures (even after automatic resets due to summer storm power outages!), a near 100% success rate getting a live feed over the internet, and about 80% success with live phone-viewing.  And when there is a remote-viewing connection problem, it is gone less than an hour later.SUMMARY: Maybe Logitech wrung out some bugs or got more/better servers, or maybe Verizon, as my ISP, did something to improve things, but overall I'm happy with this system -- unlike the way I was a month ago.  If it didn't have that earlier weirdness, I'd give it 5 stars.