Here are my first impressions and what I liked about the First Alert C0615 device:1) This unit comes with two Energizer E91 batteries.  Yes, batteries are included with this product).  After inserting the batteries and plugging this into the wall outlet in the bedroom, I saw a battery meter flash.  It showed the battery had full power.2) The battery door is on the front of the unit.  I like this design because you can have access to the battery compartment while leaving the unit plugged into wall.  Also, I was able to open the battery door easily with one finger.3) I like the display button.  When pressed, the unit will show you the highest carbon monoxide level recorded.  This is something I plan to monitor often.4) Green light vs Red light.  When I plugged it in, the light is green.  Should the device ever detect unsafe levels of CO, the light will turn red and the audible alarm will go off.  While I hope to never see the red light, it is reassuring to see the green light and know the room is safe.What you might like to know about this product:1) I recommend that you open the packaging from the bottom.  I could not separate the plastic packaging at the top.  However, it easily opened at the bottom, and continued to open all the way along the sides - up to the top, where I could no longer separate the plastic seal.2) All CO monitors that I've researched intentionally stop functioning after 5-7 years (for your safety).  This is due to the life of the CO sensors.  I've owned KIDDE brand and now this First Alert brand, and they all expire.  Replacing these devices after 7 years is piece of mind to ensure you always have a functioning CO sensor that will accurately detect carbon monixide.3) This unit should be replaced 7 years from the month/year you first installed it. (see the bottom of page six in the owners manual for more information about this).4) This particular brand/model is currently ranked #1 by a leading consumermagazine.For best results:1) Use only Energizer E91 batteries and replace them immediately when the unit tells you to.  Never use rechargeable batteries with this device.2) Install the device away from windows or fans. (Blowing air may prevent CO from reaching the sensors).3) Install the device 10 feet away from a water source (bathroom or laundry room).4) The device is intended for bedroom and living areas.  Do not install this in the kitchen area or in the garage.