To give you some background, I'm a former Military Intelligence Agent, and hold a current PI license in California. One of my areas of specialization is security.Through Amazon's Vine program, Logitech graciously provided to me a system that included two cameras: one for exterior application, and one for the interior.Software installation on my home computer (Intel i7 Dell Studio XPS 8000, Win 7) was flawless and incredibly effortless. The camera signal receiver is then installed by simply plugging it into a house outlet and your computer system or system's router. Once installed, the software checked for updates, then searched for and found the cameras.The camera installation was also incredibly easy. Connect the physical camera by wire to its transmitting box, which then plugs into your house electrical wiring through any standard outlet. Every single bit of necessary hardware is in the boxes, including everything needed for the physical mounting of the cameras to walls or ceilings.The quality and coverage of the image was simply outstanding (including sound). I tested the exterior camera by placing it in my garage with the doors closed and the lights off, and even in near total darkness there was still a very good and usable image on my computer monitor.Each camera can record up to a week on the internal 2GB Mini-SD memory card, and cards of larger capacity can be used to extend that time. If recording is being stored on the memory card -  if your computer's not on, for example - it then backs up to your computer when your computer comes back online.There are some considerations to keep in mind when deciding on camera placement. The weakest link in any security camera system is the power/comms connection from the camera to the base. If this is disabled, you have a basically useless box hanging there. So you want to make sure that any approach to your camera's external wiring is in the field of view of the camera.Anything recorded only on the camera's internal memory card is useless if the camera is torn off and stolen. You want to keep the computer on and functional for monitoring/recording purposes.Nothing is foolproof. If someone steals the cameras and the computer, you essentially are left with nothing. It makes sense to have a reliable offsite backup in effect that's regularly backing the video up, something like Carbonite, perhaps.Obviously, if the power goes out at your house, the system goes inoperative. Not much you can do about that, unless you have an auxiliary power system in place, rare in residential environments.I think this system is exceptionally capable for a residential application; extremely well-made, durable, and of very high quality.Five stars.