This little camera is very well built with an alumimum body and sliding sun shield. Please note that the camera bracket that I received is not the one pictured on Amazon. The good news is that it is smaller, the same color as the camera and may be metal, just not sure. I really think they have upgraded this part of the camera. Nice! This camera is about half the length of two other cameras that I just recently purchased. SVAT CV31 Hi-Res Outdoor CCD Security Camera w/Long Range Night Vision Please read my Amazon review on this camera! Both of these cameras are about the same in picture and construction quality. The Svat camera comes with 60' of power/video cable with RCA connectons only. Your may need these 20 Pcs of BNC Male Connectors Adapters for RG59 Coaxial Cable 1FV  to complete hookup to your DVR card in your computer. If plugging into a TV you will not need these connectors. The VideoSecur camera has the BNC connector so just order your video/power cable with BNC connectors VideoSecu 3 X 50 Feet Power Video Cable with BNC RCA Connector for CCTV Security Cameras 1QA The VideoSecur camera does come with the power adaptor, you just will need the power/video cable. The BNC connectors twist lock at the connection, RCA cables do not. I like the BNC connectors better as they will not come apart. The day time picture is great. The night vision is about the same on both cameras up to 45 feet or so with no additional lighting. I just installed 2 motion detection floodlights which are also a great 5 star product from Amazon (Heath Zenith SL-5525-WH 250-Watt Quartz Motion-Sensing Light) and these make the night picture almost a good as daytime. The Svat and the VideoSecur camera will both do motion recording when hooked up to a DVR card that supports this feature. Since I have motion detection on my cameras and floodlights I can clearly indentify which one of my neighbors cats is digging in my flower bed and leaving paw prints on the roof of my car at 3 AM in the morning. How about that! I put some signs up that I purchased in the windows warning folks that they are on camera and being recorded. I do feel much safer in my home and I think that a potential unwanted guest will probably move to another home to commit a crime. (Sorry about that neighbors). I certainly would not hesitate to recommend this 5 star camera. The only thing I can't say is how long they will last, only time will tell. I can say that all 4 cameras I have ordered where packaged well for shipping and all worked right out of the box.