First of all, let me address a few of the common complaints.a) The trigger alert/vibration can be silenced by turning the alert volume down to zero. After reading the manual I figured out that the trigger alert was completely superflous since the screen and audio turn on automatically once the sensitivity is set properly.b) It does take trial and error to setup the sensitivity properly, but the camera does a good job ignoring atmospheric sounds. Once we had the sensitivity dialed in, the basic functionality was absolutely clear and static free in a cluttered frequency building where all other monitors suffered from static, popping, and interference.c) The lullaby music playback is unusable since the quality of sound from the small tinny speaker is awful.  Push to talk works OK, though.d) The temperature monitor is also completely unusable and is consistently ~20 degrees higher than actual.e) the charger door on the receiving unit is flimsy and just gets in the way.  Mine fell off after a few days but I discovered it was better not having it in the way when I needed to plug it in so I ripped the small charger flap off and threw it in the trash.  I also think the Summer Infant stand design is better.f) It's true that if plugged in without power it doesn't operate.  Be careful that if plugged in for charging that there is electricity coming from the outlet or else it will be off without you knowing it.Now, all that said, how can I give this FIVE stars?! Simply put, the basic functionality as a video monitor is the best out there after trying every major brand.  The bells and whistles don't work well, but we never use those features anyway.  What we need and got was a rock-solid, dependable baby monitor with excellent sound/video reception, no static/interference, and surprising range even through multiple walls.  The additional camera support is a major plus as I was able to position multiple cameras on different channels over several common locations with no issues whatsoever.  Finally, the search is over!***UPDATE***: After 10 months of use, I ran into a few problems.- The date/time wouldn't stay set after turning it off once 2012 hit. There is a firmware update available to fix this problem (which BTW slightly refreshes the look of the UI). Call 1-877-349-3149 to have a technical representative assist you. If you'd like to try updating the firmware yourself, you need to know that you'll have to hold down the select (center button) key when plugging in the micro-USB cable. The firmware download has no instructions, either. Basically, you need to download the firmware from samsungsv.com, plug in the mini-USB holding down the select key, then update the generic driver, then run the ISP application to update the firmware.- The AC power adapter went belly up. I bought a universal adapter from HOSA to take care of this because the OEM adapter is hard to find.