I found the system initially easy to set-up but a year never goes by without problems that knock the cameras offline. Despite lots of FAQ information on the web I've found the vast majority of it useless. Oh, it sounds good, like the diagnostic color codes for the leds, but NONE of the codes applied to my camera's specific problem! Over a dozen emails, several phone calls and weeks later I got my cameras to come back. That was January. Now it is August and guess what? My $80.00 web commander quit working. This is the second time the clock has been ticking on my useless, expensive subscription. This system is forever knocking cameras offline and getting them back online is frustrating beyond reason. Oh, there is a neat "find camera" button but just go ahead, try it and see "cameras not found" pop up every time! I am computer savvy. I have removed viruses from friend's computers, I have repaired broken computers, but I assure you correcting problems (and, trust me, you will have problems) with this system is NOT user friendly and fixing it will steal many. many DAYS from your life that you'll never get back. Do you think it is a good idea to hang the outside cameras out of reach? Think again! Because every time there's a problem (and you WILL have them) you'll be getting a ladder and removing the screws to access the tiny re-set hole in the back of each camera for which you'll need a paper clip to poke into the hole to re-set it knocking it askew on its flimsy mount in the process. Logitech calls this "paper clipping" your cameras. And you WILL be doing it periodically. And, it doesn't always work! And, yes, my power and band width are fine, so don't even go there. Even when the cameras are working the night vision simply doesn't capture any detail at all in moving objects. Kind of a bummer because if you needed to catch a perpetrator on video at night even if they're moving very slowly they'll still be just a bunch of indecipherable streaks. Faces? Forget it. If a moth flies by the camera at night it looks like a 24 inch long glow-worm. The daytime clarity is perfectly sufficient...when it works. Buy this system and be tortured. Otherwise be un-tortured and buy something else.