I have the Trivision NC-336W (w/o POE) and have been using it on my wireless network without any trouble at all.  It is a very well built camera.  The camera is a bit heavy but that's because it's made from quality materials.  The mount is the best and most sturdy I have found on any camera.Though this camera is an outdoor bullet camera, I have it mounted inside my garage door window to keep it hidden and therefore I am unable to use Infared night vision.  I enjoy excellent night vision using 2 (40w equivalent led bulbs in ) coach lights mounted outside my 3 garage doors.  Daytime vision is excellent (even through a garage door window).  The camera automatically adjusts to brightness/darkness.  I have had no trouble with wireless drop outs, camera failures, or any other trouble.  The camera is in my attached garage about 50' from my router which is in my home.  This camera is rock solid stable and delivers a great picture even connected to a wireless network.  Bandwidth usage is low due to video compression.  I enjoy 12 frames/second (FPS) at 1080P daytime viewing and 7 FPS @ 1080P night vision.The Trivision accepts an SD card for recording storage though I have not used that feature.  I have this camera connected to Blue Iris DVR software (Ourstanding Software) and use BI software to control motion detection sensitivity, motion masking, recording, email notifications, etc.  There are plenty of features included in this camera like email notifications, recording on trigger, motion sensing, motion masks, night vision control, IR control, Audio record, video record, SD card storage, File Transfer, and 2 way audio which requires a (not included) speaker at the camera.I have contacted Trivision support both pre and post purchase and have received outstanding support.  They are very timely (overnight, usually because they're in China) and through in their support.  I arranged for a technician to log into my camera and make some initial adjustments as this was my first camera and I had no experience whatsoever.  I contacted their support later and asked about a firmware upgrade which they sent to me.  A web site would be very helpful which they say they are creating, but I have not found it operational  as of Nov, 4, 2013.The camera is a bit pricey but you get what you pay for.  My next purchase will include the PoE feature which is not possible with the NC-336W ... Note: to get the PoE feature, you need to purchase the NC-336WP.