I had zero experience with security systems prior to needing one to monitor activity at the bottom of our driveway which is about 450-500' from our house.  After much research I felt ready to take on the challenge. This was in April 15, 2013."Zmodo 4Channel Security Surveillance Video Recorder DVR System -3G Mobile 1TB Hard Drive Pre-installed"  was $160. without cameras.  Cameras I got were "VideoSecu Outdoor Day Night Security Camera Infrared Weatherproof CCTV Home 1/3" CCD 420 TV Lines 28 IR LEDs Wide View Angle Lens with Free Power Supply A71" Cost was $40.99/ea. on Amazon.  I found out later that I could have had more TV lines and maybe a better picture?  I don't know for sure... Our DVR is very far from the camera and the camera is 40-50' from the driveway and we can't see fine detail like license numbers but we can identify vehicles and gender of people trespassing... Playback quality is the same as the recording.I couldn't find any pre-made cables long enough to run the span we needed so I got a 1000' roll of RG 59 UL Listed Siamese Coaxial CCTV Cable- Combo 20 AWG RG59 + 18/2 AWG Power on Amazon for $100.The first connectors I bought were from Radio Shack and they cost over $5 each so I ordered in bulk online and they're cheaper. They were Solderless, Twist-on Male BNC Plug connectors.The 4 channels worked for us but if you want more cameras and monitoring stations you can go up to 16 but make sure your DVR has a hard drive installed because some don't.You can hook this up to be viewed on a computer or via 3G but we just have ours hooked to a spare TV (which I had to get another connector to go from the DVR to TV at Radio Shack for $15)  They were good there though.  I didn't know the name of the connector so I took a pic of each hole it needed to fit & they figured it out.Now for the part that sucks... I had the settings set to write over the old stuff and that worked fine until yesterday.  The alarm went off and the explanation said "Hard Drive Error" and won't record anything... Customer Service & Tech Support at Zmodo is hard to reach!!