The security alarm kit I bought is perfect for the security at our small business.  Back in early November, 2011 we were shocked to find out that our small computer business was burglarized one night.  The thief took a total of 5 used laptops (one of them belonging to our office manager) as well as my best DV camcorder & cables.  The glass had been broken out of our front door, so that is why I chose this alarm kit.  It consists of 2 window alarms and 1 door/window alarm/chime.  I put 2 of the window alarm devices on the glass on our back door, 1 on the replaced & reinforced glass on our front door, and the door chime on the front door.  Each of the alarms consists of 2 parts: a unit about the size of your thumb and another piece the size of your pinky finger.  You affix the window alarms so that if the glass is broken, a VERY LOUD (120 db) alarm sounds constantly until until you physically place the switch in the "off" position.  I use the door alarm/chime as the chime function, since my husband is partially deaf and benefits from the chime to alert him to a customer entering the store.  The only reason I did not give this product 5 stars is that I was NOT able to get the door unit to sound with the alarm function.  It may be that I did not wait long enough after I set the password for it to sound.  Using this unit as a chime works better for us than constantly arming and disarming an alarm, so I did not bother to call the ocmpany about instructions to get that function to work.I don't think that this alarm kit is the total answer for detering burglars, but it is a good start.  Prior to buying this kit, I beefed up our door security by installing deadbolts that require a key on both sides rather than the less secure, 1 key variety we previously had.  I also plan to get door security grilles in the near future to provide additional security.  That way, a burglar will have to literally take the door off the hinges to break in.  If they first try to pry the door open and then break the glass, our security alarms will sound and alert neighbors & police while they scare the thief away!