I have 4 kids, 6 yr old, 4 yr old twins and a toddler. All the kids bedrooms are on the 2nd floor and the master bedroom is in the first. I bought this November of 2010. When my twins were younger, they called out in the middle of the night for potty breaks, for their blanket being off of them, for everything! My oldest also sometimes had nightmares so there are plenty of occassions where either my husband or I have to run upstairs in the middle of the night. It was frustrating, until we got this monitor.With this monitor, we can talk to the kids and talk them through whatever it is they need reducing the amount of time we have to run upstairs. I have the monitor sitting on the charger at night, cycling through all the rooms. It's great!Here is how I use it, I have all the cameras plugged in at night because the charge never lasts through the night. In the morning, when everyone wakes up, I unplug the cameras and let them use up the charge. During the naps, I plug them in again and unplug after. I've used this system this way for a year now.Complaints:1- the monitor has a VOX option. With this, the monitor goes to "sleep" (no sound, no picture) unless it detects a noise in any of the rooms. When it detects a noise, the monitor displays the video and plays the sound on that camera. The problem with this is it never worked right from day 1. A particular camera keeps turning on no matter how quiet it is in that particular room. I've played with it, and no, it never worked right. So I don't use this function.2- Camera battery life has gone downhill after a year. When I first got this, on a full charge, the battery exceeded what the package said. On a bright room the battery lasted 4-6 hours. Each camera performed differently though. There is one camera that performs better than the rest and one that is the worst. On a dark room, it lasts about 2-3 hours. Now after a year, there is one camera that dies 15 minutes after I unplug it from the charger.**I've never had a problem with the battery life on the monitor. A full charge can last up to 4 hours. The chargers are mini-usb so when the monitor starts dying on me, I just use one of my old cell phone chargers.