The video quality is excellent. I was amazed how well the camera "sees" at night, as well. This is the best product on the market for a video surveillance system by far! The only drawback is its reliance on Ethernet over Power aka Powerline.I did have some initial difficulties installing the product and this is the only reason I don't give it a full five stars. The camera itself as well as the software gets a full five stars, for performance as well as quality! The camera(s) come with Powerline (Ethernet over Power) adapters and this is how the camera(s) communicate with software you install on a Windows machine. I have an older house and all outlets are not on the same phase. This is a major potential "gotcha" if you have older wiring or wiring and/or outlets on different phases (crossing the fuse box). In other words, make sure your electrical wiring will support EoP (Ethernet over Power).Fortunately Logitech has great support and a great online presence that came to my rescue. What I didn't know - and this really should be documented better - is that the cameras support PoE (Power over Ethernet) aka 802.3af.NOTE: Ethernet over Power is data communications sent through high voltage electrical wiring (e.g. 120V) whereas Power over Ethernet is essentially the opposite, high voltage sent through Ethernet. The main advantages of Powerline (EoP) is ease of configuration and that you don't need to run Ethernet cables across your home. The main advantages of PoE is superior technology, signaling and thus performance and reliability. The only drawback is that you have to run Ethernet cables to/from your devices.You can connect your camera(s) directly to a PoE switch!! Personally I think this is a much better option than Powerline adapters that rely on EoP. Nothing beats a good wire! As soon as I discovered that the devices support PoE I bought a couple of 8-port Netgear PoE switches (fanless so completely silent!) and wired my cameras directly to my PoE switch. The Alert Commander software found the cameras instantly. No additional configuration was required!Logitech needs to offer a PoE solution out of the box. I would suggest two versions:1. Camera system with Powerline (will probably work in most homes)2. Camera system with a PoE switch and additional cabling (this is what geeks and folks with poor/old electrical wiring will want!)Logitech support and response to my initial difficulties sets Logitech apart from other vendors. I am a very happy owner of several other products, such as a Netgear NAS Ultra+, switches, webcams, etc, etc. This is a great company with great people!On that note, I'm buying a couple of more outdoor as well as indoor cameras! :-)