Bought this monitor to replace my "Summer Infant Day & Night 1.8 inch Baby Monitor" and this one is SUCH A DIFFERENCE! It's like I just bought a Mercedes after driving a Toyota for a year.There's so much I love about this monitor.1. The 3.5 inch screen is awesome!2. The clarity during the day is not as grainy as my old monitor, and at night in pitch black darkness holds up pretty good too. You can increase/decrease the brightness.3. There is absolutely NO static! NEVER! I could talk on my cordless phone right next to the camera and nothing gets interrupted (not my phone call or the monitor).4. There's total privacy with this monitor, so your neighbors with the same monitor won't see into your house because it's set to the same frequency or whatever.5. Unplugged from the AC adapter, the monitor's battery could work for about 4-6 hours... if you keep the screen turned off and turn it on only to check on the baby. The sound remains on even if the screen is turned off. And there is a battery indicator, so you know approximately how much time you have left before it shuts down.6. My favorite thing about the monitor is that I can move the camera via monitor controls. When the camera moves, it makes no sound at all. Very quiet! My son rolls around the entire crib in his sleep, so if he moves out of the shot, I can just move the camera to where I can see him. It's super cool and I'm constantly using this feature!!! You can also zoom in, but I never use this. It's kind of pointless.7. The monitor also has an intercom, so I can talk to him if I want and he can hear my voice through the camera.8. The monitor shows me the temperature in my son's room, so I know if it's too hot or too cold for him.9. The camera can also play 5 tunes for your child. My son doesn't care for this feature, but it's still nice.There's only 2 things I don't like about this monitor, but it's not worth deducting 1 point for it! To control the volume, I have to go through the menu options. At night, that can be a problem when you can't see anything. But I've learned to memorize where the buttons are by just feeling my way through. My old monitor had a volume wheel on the side that I just moved up and down. The second thing I don't like is that the monitor can never be MUTED! Seems ridiculous, but sometimes you might want to mute it and just have the screen on... you can't. At its lowest volume setting, you can still hear it really well.If this monitor had a volume wheel and a mute option, it would be the perfect monitor! Oh well. It still deserves a 5 star rating!