The lorex monitor is great in many ways. First, you can see multiple rooms with add-on cameras, great if you have more than one kid to watch/listen for. Second, you can TALK to your kids, great for the older one ("Stop climbing on the shelves." "No, you cannot come out to get pajamas for your doll.").  It is pretty reliable and easy to use, the picture is pretty clear and in the daytime, the color is better than on other monitors I have used. The small size is great, fits in your pocket, looks like a fancy cell phone, thought the design is a bit confusing. Grandma asks, "are those numbers on there?"However, there are a few minor things that would be great for Lorex to fix on their next version. For example, the screen is BRIGHT. If you want to be blinded in the night, go ahead and turn it on without covering the screen. The white logo start-up screen is seriously intense, and the monitoring screen, even at its lowest setting could be used to flag incoming planes. I have even used it as a flashlight to get around at night! Secondly, the range is not so great, in the farthest points within our three story house, it lost connection, and in the yard? well, pretty sketchy out there too. Another bummer, is the controls are cyclical, meaning that if you turn it on, say in the night when you hear baby, and urgently press "volume down" to be sure the baby's crying doesn't wake everyone else, if you push it once too far, you go from zero volume to FULL volume. Then there's the charging, the monitor sticks to the base, and is difficult to pull off, sometimes when you dock it, it turns on, sometimes, it turns off, there's always a surprise when you put it on to charge. The 'talk' button also needs to be recessed a bit, I am forever worried I will "pocked dial" my baby as he sleeps.And lastly, a big bummer, after just six months of use, it broke. The connector to the charging base spontaneously became loose within the monitor and it would no longer charge. I have contacted Lorex to see if it can be fixed, and may change my rating based on their customer service. But for a product this spendy, surely it should last more than six months. However, even if it can't be fixed, I would get another. I like it that much.