The Defender STEALTH1 Covert MPEG4 DVR Recording System offers to enable a surveillance solution that is easy to set up and use.In some ways it succeeds, in other ways not so much.First, in order for it to be "wireless", you must accept that the duration of continuous recording is only about half a day.  That means the batteries would need to be replaced or recharged frequently.  That's going to be difficult if the environment is remote or always has people in it.  If you go with the wired route, then the power cord is visible unless you can install a plug behind the unit (during the build-out of the space).I don't know how "stealth" this unit is - it's very large and a bit larger than most of the motion detectors I have seen.  It's going to be noticed if it's installed into an existing space that has people in it every day.If you want to review the images that are captured, you must take the unit down and retrieve the memory card, or take the whole thing to a TV screen.  It's not wireless so again, you could be noticed retrieving the device.  If it were really just a motion detector, it would not be getting so much attention...And the unit takes pictures at one-second intervals so it's not a full motion video.  A lot can happen in those one second gaps, so don't expect to see a movie-quality surveillance record.  If this were watching entry and exit to a space, it is possible that a car or a person could move past and not even be recorded.The instructions are a little hard to follow, but you can get it set up if you set aside some time and concentrate on setting it up.The unit does not have a flat bottom so it will not stand up securely - it really needs to be screwed to a wall for best results.Overall, it's a little expensive for what it does, and requires a lot of hands-on interaction that in my opinion would make the unit unlikely to be "stealth" for very long.I would like to see a wireless connection, longer battery life, greater storage capacity, and the ability to remotely control the unit with an application that could run on a cell phone (iPhone or Android).  With that ability, one could re-program, check battery life, review surveillance, and all without going near the device.  Yes that would cost a little more, but really, how long would this device really be useful if it is compromised?