If you're someone like me and wants to upgrade their PlayStation 4 from its 500GB hard drive to something more spacious this drive is a good choice. I looked around the Internet this was the best price going (at the time of writing this the price was $124). With PlayStation 4 games weighing in at near 30GB+ for a lot of games and hard drive the size will eventually be a must upgrade. And if you're interested in upgrading your PlayStation hard drive it's a pretty straightforward process.UPGRADING YOUR PS4 TAKE LESS THAN 30 minutes - You need to download the firmware from Sony*.Step 1: remove the gloss section of your PS4.  It's the part above the Blu-Ray slot.Step 2: Remove the 500gb drive (requires 1 screw to be removed) Unscrew the 4 screws holding the drive in the cage.Step 3: Put the PS4 back together.Step 4: Insert your usb flash drive into the PS4 usb slot.Step 5: Press and hold the power button on the PS4 for 8-10 seconds.Step 6: Choose the bottom selection (I believe it's number 10) Reinstall firmware.Step 7: That's it you are done only about 30 minutes and done.*One thing you need if you're replacing a hard drive on the PlayStation is the latest firmware update from Sony's website and you need a 1 GB plus thumb drive formatted in fat32. And you just set up your thumb drive with a folder called PS4 an inside that folder another one called UPDATE. Then inside the update folder you place the firmware.And that's it super easy to do takes no time in this drive efficiently doubles your storage space and drastically increases your load speed for games.Thanks for reading if you have a questions just ask them.Here are the steps for the PlayStation 31. Unscrew the drive cover2. Pull out the old hard drive3. Remove the drive from the drive bracket and insert your new hard drive.4. Put it back into your PlayStation and put the screw in place.5. Install the operating system from a flash or USB hard drive.Now you will need to get the PlayStation operating system from Sony before you attempt a hard drive replacement but it's pretty simple and straightforward and one of the best selling points of the Sony PlayStation.Thanks readingPS personally I went with a 1TB 72000rpm drive in my PS4.