I purchased this cable through Amazon.  This wire is typically used to connect a surveillance camera to a TV monitor or a recording device (VCR or DVR).  Each end of the wire has a plug for video and DC power.  One end of the cable has a male 2.1mm DC power connector and a male RCA type video plug.  The other end of the cable has a female DC power connector and a female BNC video plug. The seller is generous enough to include 2 conversion adapters in case you need an RCA plug on both ends (for a standard VCR or monitor) or you need a BNC connection on both ends (often seen on time-lapse security recording devices and some more expensive cameras).  The price was very reasonable for 100 feet of cable and the cable does work nicely.Now for the "but...' part in the title of this review:I failed to look closely at the picture.  If you do look closely at the picture you will see two separate wires at each end of the cable which are joined into one single wire a few inches later.  I assumed that there would be two wires attached to each other for the entire cable length just like any standard electric cord.  If your security setup has your recording device right next to your power supply then this wire is fine and there is no problem.  However if you have your recording device is in a lock box for added security and your power supply is not located in the lock box (perhaps because of concern about excessive heat buildup from the power brick or space or electrical considerations) then you will not be able to separate the video and power wire so that you can run the power wire to a different location.  Cable that I purchased a few years ago had 2 wires on each end of the cable  that are joined a few inches later just like this wire but the wires remain separate (but attached) along the entire length of cable.  I could split the two apart with a knife for any length I chose.  In my case my power supply is 10 feet away.  In all likelihood the seller would accept a return but with the shipping cost it is probably not worth it for me.  I will now have to find a 10 foot DC power cable extension wire and run the extra wire from the lock box to the power brick.  Two distinct wires would have been so much easier and less messy.  As I said this one is my mistake.  I did not know this wire was sold in this format.  On the plus side if stealth is part of your setup then a single wire is easier to hide than a double joined wire.The seller was quick with shipping and had good communication about the purchase.