I agree with many reviewers that the window alarms are not as loud as the main door alarm (but still extremely piercing to the ears). However, when I bought a separate package of window GE window alarms (Comes in a package of 4), they were much louder. Maybe because they had a thin film of plastic under the batteries that you have to pull out before using. The 3 window alarms that came in this Kit did not have a plastic under the batteries. Maybe this is why the sound is a little less piercing, because the batteries are a little older. But don't be mistaken, they still hurt your ears! The main reason I bought this was because I'm going to stay in a one story vacation home in Utah, which is a little ways from the main town, and the pictures of the home showed that there is a glass door opening to the yard for each bedroom. I am planning to take these little door and window alarms with me and mount them to every one of these glass doors and windows in the house. Best advise I can give is to buy clear mounting tape (The kind that you can peel off after which doesn't cause any paint damage). Then you can pretty much adjust these guys to any window sill (new or old, molding or no molding).  I also would NOT recommend using the "Away" feature of the bigger alarm when you are at home, because it takes too long to go off when tripped.  A burglar could easily come in the house, take what he needs in 30 seconds, and leave before the alarm goes off. So keep it on "Home" when you are home. When I am out of the house, i'll probably put it on "Away", so that I can exit the house and still have an alarm activated. Just remember when you have it activated because there is no light that tells you when it is on. And you don't want to make the mistake of going deaf to these very loud alarms. Overall, I am very happy with this system and with the smaller window alarms. I like the fact that you need a screw driver to open the back of the main box in order to program your code. Otherwise, anyone can get there hands on it and reprogram it. I feel much more comfortable heading to this Utah vacation condo. I'm sure many people have copies of keys to this condo, and this will keep the cleaning crew and maintenance people out when I am in the house. Another thing I will do is put a sign "Beware of Dog" and "alarm signs" on the windows of the house.I'm not sure how long this system will last, but we'll see. It's nice that it only requires 3 AAA batteries (not included) for the main alarm, and 4 small round batteries (included) for the window alarms.