The Defender wireless video surveillance system is an out-of-the-box solution with a small price tag. However don't be afraid that the lower price means cheap because this system is packed with many abilities and features. One of the most interesting features is the 40 foot night-vision range the camera can achieve, this allows you to monitor an entire backyard, large office or garage.Right now I have it installed in the office watching one of the workstations to ensure unauthorized users don't access anything. The included SD card allows recording of up to 350 minutes consisting of full audio and video. The included wireless 7 inch monitor can also be hooked up to an external A/V system with the included cables.Another rather interesting feature of the system is the ability to have a 2-way conversation through the monitor and camera. This is a neat feature if the surveillance system is being used outside of a doorway. Basically the motion of a visitor will trigger the recorder and notify you even before they press the door bell. Then once you establish identity you have the opportunity to ask what they want before even opening the door, for added security.In the box you get a camera, viewer, remote, video cables and power packs. The camera can be placed indoors or outdoors and has a weather resistant housing for even more options when mounting on your property. You could mount it on the roof, in a tree or behind a glass window, the choice is yours.The 7-inch viewer has a few options to help customize your use. For one you can set up automatic recording based on time of day or motion. The system will notify with an audible tone anytime the motion sensor is triggered, but for stealth use you can change the volume of this feature. The viewer also has a DVR system included where you can view previous recordings located on the SD card.Overall I am very pleased with the system, the hardware is durable and the advantage of wireless and plug-n-play will quickly be noticed. For one, it took roughly 3 minutes to completely un-box and have a video signal being displayed. Now I plan to pick up a few more cameras as the viewer can have up to 4 cameras and even has a quad viewer to quickly monitor all four locations. In all this system is a cost effective surveillance solution with a bunch of very useful features and abilities.If you are looking for a great surveillance solution without spending a fortune then the Defender Digital Wireless DVR Security System is for you.