The item was shipped and delivered within 2 days of placing my order (I in fact had to go back to my order and verify that I had chosen free shipping rather than signed up unknowingly for Amazon Prime or something like that).  It came well packaged in a box within a box, with good cushioning and support.  The disk itself is in a waterproof plastic package with some silica gel inside for extra protection from moisture.Once I got my old hard drive out from my laptop, it was very simple to slot this in place and secure it with screws.  The hard drive does not come with any caddy of any sort, and my laptop does not require any.  After that it was simply a matter of reimaging it with the factory image, and we were off to the races.I don't know what the format of the laptop is as delivered because I immediately installed it in my laptop and reformatted it as part of the imaging process.  I ran a full disk check on it (including a surface check), and it came back with no bad sectors or other problems.My only concern with the disk is that after the reimaging, the disk got partitioned into 4 partitions, including a 35GB partition that is unallocated.  My previous hard disk had only 3 partitions on it.  I have no idea where this 4th partition came from, and since it is in the middle of the disk (after a hidden partition and the system recovery partition, but before the main C: partition), I can't easily add this space to my main partition.  So, it is basically 35GB of wasted space.  Given its capacity, this is not a big loss, so I am not going to take away any stars for this (and it may not even have had anything to do with the disk to begin with, but more to do with my factory image).The disk, as far as I can tell, has 512-byte sectors, not the new AFD 4K sectors, so I didn't have to do anything special in Windows 7 64-bit for it to work without any problems.  As for transfer speeds, it is only a 5400-rpm disk, so it is not blazing fast, but it is fast enough for my purposes.  Because of the high data density of the disk, and the 3-platter design, which allows for 2 more heads to participate in parallel data reads and writes than a typical 2-platter disk allows, transfer speeds are quite fast (I did a full disk image of the 1.5TB disk at 1.7GB/min, taking a total of about 14.5 hours using Clonezilla).