Logitech has a clear winner here for home and business owners who are looking for a reliable and effective surveillance solution that is easy to set up and manage. And from a reputable and trusted company as well.I rarely write reviews but felt compelled to voice my satisfaction with this system. I have never had a computer network related product work as flawlessly as this one. From the moment I opened the box, I had the first camera up and running within ten minutes. That includes perusing the quick-start guide and installing the software.I was immediately impressed with the quality of the video I was seeing. The frame rate is a bit low but more than adequate for surveillance purposes.The mounting hardware for the outdoor cameras gives you several options, including an extender arm, that should work in just about every installation. Once up, the cameras hold their positions securely.The software gives you plenty of flexibility when setting up motion-activated alerts. You can target specific areas in each camera's view as motion zones, thereby preventing waving tree limbs or pets from triggering alerts.Being cursed with no options for hard-wired broadband at our location, we are forced to use satellite broadband which usually wreaks havoc with any attempts to remotely access our computer. I was elated to find that all of our surveillance cameras were readily accessible from both our smart phones as well as any remote computer that we logged into our Logitech account from. The fact that our computer didn't even need to be turned on to remotely access the system was incredible.I did quickly realize why Logitech implemented the six camera limit that is inherent to these systems. There is a definite bandwidth limit, based on the quality and lengths of run of the electrical wiring being utilized. When you exceed that limit you will start seeing cameras drop out of the network sporadically along with slower frame rates. Our system worked flawlessly until the sixth camera was added. Subsequently, our furthest camera mounted in the garage would vanish from the network every few days. A simple reset of the camera would bring it back online. All in all, a relatively small glitch.We've had our cameras operating for a week now and I couldn't be happier. I avoided the hassle of running dedicated cables to each camera or having to deal with the reception issues so common with wireless cameras and have a first-rate surveillance system with exceptional video quality and remote access. Thanks for a great system, Logitech!