I bought this monitor after moving into a 2 story house while 7 months pregnant.  After 2 weeks of going up the stairs 5-6 times every time I tried to get our 3 girls asleep (twice a day), I decided to invest in this monitor for everyone's sanity.  It was wonderful!  The camera is very clear for what it is, not clear like a still camera or video recorder, but definitely clear enough to tell whether my children and doing what they are supposed to be doing.  The sound quality is good too.  My husband and I sound normal over the speaker and it is very easy to hear the girls whenever they make noises.  We have not mounted the camera but having it sitting on top of a dresser.  That being said, it can be hard to see at certain angles because the dresser blocks the view.  If you need a wider angle on the camera, I would recommend mounting it higher on the wall.  Since we use it to watch 2 girls in 2 beds, we frequently have to move it back and forth to see each girl.  There is a zoom feature, but it makes the picture grainier than I like.There have been some reviews that the battery runs down quickly, but I've found that unless you turn the monitor off BEFORE plugging in the charger, the battery does not charge fully.  Once the battery is charged fully, it will go 2-3 hours easily with occasional checking on the camera.  I plug it in at night with it on and the battery doesn't run down since it is being charged as it is used.  However, I turn it off and plug it back in after we get up so that it is fully charged for nap time.  The camera will go to sleep just like a computer monitor which helps save the battery too.  To turn it back on, simply press the camera button.  Once you've used it for a little while during the day, it is easy to find the button at night in the dark.  I have not had a problem at all as some have complained about.We have not added an additional camera yet, but plan to for the new baby on the way.  We have had this monitor for about a month and love it!  I would highly recommend this and am SO GLAD we bought it!!!