So... the basics. This is a monitoring camera. That's all it is. If you have purchased this, you have an effective networked monitoring device. Infrared quality is decent. Color quality is mediocre, and the resolution is SD at best; admittedly, 640x480 is adequate, but when 720p is baseline for even cheap cell phones and pocket cameras these days, you'd sort of expect to be able to do a little better. The slight fisheye optics are a little strange, and I'm not convinced they really bring anything to the table except making it difficult to use the 5020 as a basic webcam. The wifi extender functionality is nice but little more than a sideshow based on the likelihood that they probably built the device with router hardware and the firmware team decided to just go with it. And there's no video out, so even with hacked firmware, Skype is right out. (However, this last is not a big deal, as I imagine it would raise the price unacceptably.) It comes with a wall mount and standard tripod screw, and it's very light, so although it's really obvious (this is not a nannycam), it's easy enough to put out of the way and forget about.D-link's cloud service is what it is. The iOS app works well enough as long as the network you're on isn't bandwidth-throttled, although I find I'm lucky to get more than about 1fps when I'm not on my local network, and often less. The local web interface works pretty well, but the cloud browser interface is Java-dependent; good luck getting it to work if your JRE is even a little out of date. And setup is needlessly complicated; it's set up for Ethernet-only out of the box, and I found it rather frustrating to get it working properly without the setup wizard (it took me nearly a week to get all the kinks ironed out). It's a good thing you only have to go through that once, because it's otherwise totally unacceptable for a consumer device.Overall, I suspect D-Link limited the market for the device a little more than they really needed to (especially regarding the optics), but if all you need is to keep an eye on the house when you're not around, this camera will do exactly what you want. Just don't expect to be building your Youtube vlog studio around it.