We purchased this system for our small business about a month ago and have been very pleased with it. It allowed us to catch one shop lifter, one person breaking an item, and determine who was at our registers when various errors occurred in the first two weeks alone. The quality is pretty solid for the price, especially the picture quality which easily allows you to see faces, even in the dark. Colors are correct, unlike other systems, the menu is a very easy to use graphic interface that is incredibly self explanatory. The kit comes with everything (hardware wise) you'll need to set up your system, besides a monitor. To see what all the system has, I recommend checking out Swann's website for exact specs.The set up was very simple for anyone who is 5+ on a tech experience scale of 1-10. If you the kind of person who can get your VCR to stop blinking 12:00 (if you have one) and are able to hang drapes with a drill and screw driver, you should have the ability to set this system up.The tools I used:-Phillips Head Screwdriver to screw cameras to wall or ceiling and adjust camera angle-Power drill to drill to drill pilot holes for camera mounts and holes for wires- assorted drill bits- Electrical tape to secure connections- a straightened clothes hanger to help pull wiresThe system is a snap to set up and took me only 10 hours or so to finish, from planning to programming. It took me so long mainly due to the fact that I was installing these cameras in a 150 year old building with countless renovations and alterations to work around. In new (post 1950) construction it should be a breeze. All the BNC cables twist and snap together. Plan where you'll put your cameras for best coverage, where you'll run your wires, run your wires, install your cameras, plug it all in, turn it on and SHAZAM, you are in business. You will need to buy a monitor for it, but that is pretty normal for these type of systems.When in doubt, see the manual. It is easy to read, and was apparently written by someone sarcastic like myself. Hope this helps.