Nice easy to use camera. This is as effective a trail camera I could ever imagine anyone would need.  Day pictures are very clear and night pictures are clear and have nice range.I may have had a very small number of false triggers, but expensive trail cams false trigger too and it just doesn't seem to be an issue with this camera.I am using a Transcend class 10 32gb memory card without any problem.The 4 "D" cell batteries (required) last a very long time.After many rainy weeks, the Primos Truth 35 still functions perfectly.Things a buyer may consider: Some of my buddies have expensive trail cameras with built-in L.C.D. screens that are really nice. However, most all of these screens I have seen are small and have a low pixel count and the image is never going to be as clear on the trail camera as it will be on a computer monitor. My brother found a buck in the top right corner of his monitor while viewing images from his data card at home on his pc. He never did see the buck when he viewed the same frame on his trail camera's L.C.D. Some will say that the built-in screen helps with camera placement to take practice pictures. Well, if that makes you feel better thats good. Just know that the field of view of this Primos Truth camera is pretty wide and your going to get perfectly good pictures.Theft.Another reason I bought this camera. It's inexpensive.Camoflage.I wasn't impressed with other camera's trademarked camoflage schemes. In November, you can easily spot a camera that is camoflaged for spring Turkey season. You can also spot a camera that is comoflaged for regions other than where you will be hunting. I bought camoflage tape from my local farm store and used camo grease facepaint to perfect it.  The best part of using your own camoflage is that you can make it perfect for your area at the time of year you will use it. Remember this...... no matter how well you camoflage it, that olive drab strap around a tree is going to stand out like a sore thumb, so its very easy to spot a trail camera just by seeing that strap around a tree. Be clever, old rotted stumps have worked well for me, dig into the side of a little mound of dirt and place it upright, pack the dirt back around it and use whats laying around to conceal it. Felled rotten tree on the ground makes a good little hiding place with a little creative effort. Those L.E.D.'s? Go get some cheap dark window tint and cut out a piece to fit over them. If you're sneaky and keep your mouth shut, that camera will be very very hard for anyone to find.Practice:Practice makes better with trail cameras but never perfect. Specifically where good concealment is concerned. Remember, its going to do its job when you walk away from it.