What a great idea -- a doorstop alarm that requires zero installation. Just add a 9-volt battery and you have an instant burglar alarm! Perfect for apartment/condo dwellers, travelers and the mechanically disinclined. It's also great for interior doors (e.g. bedroom) for an extra layer of security, or as a supplemental night-time alarm for the main entry door and for other exterior doors, especially French and other glass doors. It would be all but impossible to open the door more than an inch without setting off the alarm.From here -depending on your floor surface -- the grip-bottom on the door stop may prevent the door from opening further at all, or would at least require extra time and effort (with the alarm still squealing away), buying you a few more seconds to respond. The hope, as with any forced entry, is that the alarm will (a) draw ample attention to the intruder, who will hopefully flee the premises, and (b) alert you to the intruder, so that you can call 911 and take whatever defensive measures you can.Other reviewers reported that the bottom did not grip their floors. In some cases, I suspect the culprit for this may be an incorrect placement of the battery. The terminals MUST face the small end of the battery compartment, or it will cause the base plate to bow out ever-so-slightly -- just enough to keep it from making solid contact with the floor. (It took me a few minutes of head-scratching to figure this one out.). Once I got the battery correctly installed, I tried it on 3 different wood floors, a tile floor and a linoleum floor, and it gripped like a charm. The only surface I didn't try was carpet. Before buying, I would suggest measuring the gap under your door, because this door stop would probably not work with a tiny gap of less than 1/4" or on a large gap (I'm guessing anything over 1"). My door gaps ranged from 1/2" to 3/4" and this size range was just right.I think one review complained that it was too sensitive. We tested ours to see if it would go off with misc. household vibrations (stomping on the floor, bumping against the door) and it thankfully didn't. The only caveat I'd offer is to be sure to turn off the alarm before picking it up in the morning, as handling it will set it off in a heartbeat.Some reviewers complained that it wasn't loud enough. We found the alarm to plenty loud for our purposes. It's reportedly 120 decibels, which is probably about right. For comparison, a smoke detector is about 85 decibels, a car horn about 110 decibels. As security goes, this is a real bargain for $9 and change.