I got two of these cameras to pair with the G955 two-camera system. (Uniden Guardian G955 Wireless Security  I was pleased with the ease of setup on the G955 system and cameras.  Unlike reviews I saw for other or earlier systems, I CAN recognize people and critters in the no-light IR mode.  I have nine cats and can recognize every one of them on the monitor when they are recorded in the dark.  I could easily recognize my wife from some distance, also in the dark.  Distance thus far has been up to about 20 feet.  If you know the being you're viewing, you will be able to recognize them in the dark.  If you don't know who it is, someone who knows them will recognize them.Therefore, I went ahead an got two more cameras to bring the monitor up to its full four camera capacity.  The only issue I had with setup was pairing the two new cameras with the existing system.  You have to follow the G955 Owners Manual NOT the instructions that come with the GC45 camera (to answer questions asked by other buyers, the GC45 IS the camera that comes with the G955 monitor.)  To pair the cameras with the monitor, you have to begin the pairing on the monitor's camera pairing screen, then you have 60 seconds to get to the camera and press the "Pairing" button on the camera power cord.  If you do this, your camera will pair perfectly.  But, that process is not written in any of the instructions.Video is recorded in two-minute increments clearly identifying which camera the segment is from.  You can fast-forward through each segment.  All of this helps narrow down your search for a particular segment (I've done this three times already) and saves a lot of time.  The cameras go into sleep mode when there is no motion which also save time finding a desired video segment.  You can set the recording to overwrite old video clips so you don't run out of space on the Micro SD card.Overall, the G955 is a great small surveillance system and the GC45 cameras, though not HD, give pretty acceptable image quality.  I haven't owned it very long, but I was happy enough with it to go out and buy two more cameras to bring it up to full capacity!