Not sure why so many other people are having problems with it as it works just fine for me. I don't leave it on all the time but only when I leave the house. Call me paranoid but I don't like the idea of having a live camera feed from inside my house going out on the internet 24/7 when access is only a password away. But anyway it works as advertised giving me very clear live video and sound on my iphone. I moved into a new neighborhood recently and it gives me peace of mind when I'm away.I didn't bother with the subscription ($80/yr) just to get rewind on my phone. If it alerts me I can easily do my own iphone screen shots if the bad guys are in my house, (press the power and home buttons together). It also emails still shots. Really don't need remote camera control as I use the wide angle setting. There is nothing to control unless you are zoomed in. Needless to say the iphone app works well. Once set up all you do is tap the app to see what your camera sees.It's fast and easy to install. With the included Powerline module you can put the camera anywhere where there is an electrical outlet. Powerline works ok, but for the smoothest video you might want to use PoE, which is an ethernet wire with a power injector ($20) which you can buy elsewhere, straight into your router. There is a lot of data coming from the camera so wired just works better, and in my case the camera is next to my computer anyway. I'm thinking of adding the outdoor version camera in which case I will probably use the Powerline module.I have tried putting the camera in the window using the included suction cup mount. Works great in the daytime. Night time not as well as the infrared LED reflects back off the glass. You can still see out but not nearly as far, unless you have other lights on outside. My pool seems to attract a lot of birds and they kept setting off the email alerts, so now it watches over my living room instead.The night vision is very good. However, the infrared LED it uses is very visible at night and draws attention to the camera, so be aware of that if you want to use the outdoor model on the front of your house or where ever people are walking by.