I bought two of these puppies off of Ebay a few weeks ago - one used and one brand new, sealed in the box. For the life of me I cannot figure out why there is so much hate towards this camera.  I'll admit that I had some frustrations setting up the camera because it turns out that you cannot connect the camera's wi-fi to an Apple Airport Extreme, but once I connected an old D-Link into my Airport and connected the two cameras to the old wireless router, I was in business.  I then downloaded the Samsung App onto my iPhone 4S and set up the camera via the app.  I don't recall "signing my life away" as one reviewer stated - who knows, maybe I did.  I'll live with it (think, The Lives of Others). The app is great in my humble opinion (granted this is my first experience with a wireless camera).  You can view live events (about a 2-3 second delay), review audio or motion events automatically sent to a (private) Youtube account and adjust the camera's features via the app.  I primarily use my two camera to watch my dogs while away at work and to ensure the dog sitter actually comes to the house during the day.  The image quality isn't bad, but isn't great.  You can make out my facial features and recognize me at 10-12', beyond that you can tell what are you looking at, but without great detail.  I've seen bank robbery images that are much poorer quality than what you get with this camera. The night vision is absolutely fine in my opinion, allowing me to see my entire living room at night (18x25' or so).  The best part of this camera - once you buy it, you don't have to pay any ridiculous fees or keep a subscription.  This is the main reason I bought the camera. Two last thoughts. I paid $75.00 for one camera on Ebay which seems a bit more fair than Amazon's listed price of $100.00.  And finally, Samsung recently announced they will be releasing a new HD interior AND (awesome) HD outdoor camera.  Search Google for the article.  If you can wait three more months and don't mind spending twice as much, I'd forgo purchasing this camera, but if you're looking for a decent wi-fi camera, I wouldn't hesitate buying the Samsung SNH-1011.PS I'm real. Please see my other reviews as proof!