I have bought numerous Logitech products in the past, and they were all very good and reliable.  So when I saw the great reviews for this product, I assumed this was another great Logitech product.  But unfortunately I was mistaken.Got the package on time, and I was eager to set it up.  I'm an IT professional and my house is like a smaller version of Best Buy.  So I'm very comfortable with technology.  The INITIAL set up was easy and I thought, "Holy cow, that was crazy-simple!!"  However, after using it for a few months, I'd rather say it's waste of money.  Because the only time it really works is when I use the Commander software from within my network.  The moment I step away, nothing works (over the internet).  So trying to keep an eye on my house from outside is impossible.  My first conclusion was the network router - perhaps it was blocking traffic.  So I tweaked away at settings, but nothing worked.  I called support and it took them a few days to get back to me.  From there it progressively got worse.  Their tech guys just don't get it.  There's no good guide/documentation anywhere on how to fix this issue.  Nor does Support offer any real help.[See updated statment about support below]I'm really bummed about this.  The ONLY way I've managed to get past the internet issue is if I buy the Web Commander (trial).  So essentially I have to pay extra for this thing to even work like it's supposed to.  After my trial period expired, I figured "what the heck, might as well lose more money on this crap", and tried to buy the web commander.  But alas, that doesn't work either!!  Their purchasing webpage times out (for any computer, anywhere) and I'm now stuck.  I'll try again in a few days, but this really sucks.  It baffles me how a large company like Logitech can screw up so big on this product.I'm not sure if they've just washed their hands off this product line, but my overall experience with the product has been terrible. Oh, and the webpages won't even load correctly!!  This is insane.If you're in the market for something that actually works well, consistently, try something else.  That's my humble suggestion.Good luck with your search.[UPDATE]  I got to Tier2+ support and they've tried to help me through this process.  I take back what I said about bad support... looks like they're genuinely trying to help. But my issues are still unresolved as of today, so that doesn't help anything :(