I loved this monitor as soon as we started using it, but I wasn't compelled to review it until now - after it broke, & I experienced Motorola's customer service AND had a substitute monitor for 2 weeks (Summer Infant Slim & Secure from BBRU). Overall this monitor is SO much better than the SI monitor; and Motorola's customer service was awesome - here are more details, but I highly recommend this monitor and am SO glad to have it back on my nigh stand.Our monitor was always a little 'fussy' when turning it on and off. The button on top of the monitor was finicky, and after about 2 months of use, no matter how hard we pushed the button in, it just wouldn't turn on. So, called Motorola's customer service on a Monday, talked to a real person after a short holding time (<1min), got instructions to send an email with my claim number and a print-screen of my Amazon registry that showed when the item was purchased, and was told I could expect a new monitor in the mail within 2 wks (had to make sure I could return the Summer Infant one we got from BBRU within the 30-day return window). My phone call lasted < 5 minutes - no questions asked either. I called back the following Monday and confirmed my claim had been processed and my new monitor was in the mail. Got the monitor that Friday (so <2 wks from when we called).And we're SO happy to have back the Motorola monitor - even with the inconvenience of having it break after 2 months, the SI monitor was SO bad compared to this one. You can't move the camera around from the monitor; my baby moves all around the crib nowadays, so half the time with the SI one, he'd wake up and be out of the camera shot (we have it mounted pretty close to the crib - the screen on the SI is so small, I don't think you could see any details on your baby (like if he's breathing..) if it was mounted further away). The SI screen also felt like it was less than half the size of the Motorola - technically I don't think that was the case, but the worse clarity and screen resolution made it feel that way.Overall the SI just doesn't compare to this monitor. And from what I read about the SI customer service (one of the reasons we didn't go for that one in the first place), their customer service doesn't compare either. For $40 more, this monitor is SO worth it. Really a night & day difference between the 2.And the new camera monitor's On/Off button on top feels different, so I guess our first one was just a dud from the start. It'll be going back, free shipping, to Motorola tomorrow (and the SI goes back to BBRU too).