At the time that I purchased this system (april 2012) it had an almost 800 dollar price tag from amazon. I assumed paying more meant I would get higher quality cameras and more importantly higher quality software. Having previously owned an SVAT 4 camera setup which was less than half as much it left much to desire in a security setup. I will start with the pros of this system.Pros- It supports audio monitoring- They have an android app (albeit buggy)- The video quality is decent enough to make out a face if the cameras are positioned properlyCons- The finish on the cameras is awful. They started oxidizing/fading and turning gold in the Arizona sun 2 WEEKS after install- The screws that come with it are trash (the heads literally snap right off under low torque)- Forget about getting the mobile/web browser app to work if you have an app (details below)I work in IT/Networking for a living and am very technically savvy. I attempted to use multiple routers with every possible setting (UPNP/Firewall/DMZ/flashing different firmware/static routing/e.t.c.)I eventually gave in and connected a switch behind the cable modem + paid a monthly premium for a second IP address for the DVR and moblie viewing still was not functioning. When I called their technical support (outsourced to india) I spoke to a representative about the situation who kept stating "sir you have to forward the correct ports in your router" I had to argue with her that that was irrelevant because the DVR was not behind a router and the interface was connected directly to the ISPs WAN. After 15 minutes of arguing I requested to speak with a higher tier of support. I was transferred to a supervisor who was polite and said he would email me instructions to update the firmware on the DVR to see if that solved the issue. I never received the email even though I verbally confirmed my email address (Yes I checked my spam filter). I had to call back again and request the link to download new firmware. This time I received the email so I had to run out to the store to buy a usb flash drive. The firmware update went smoothly (yay! one thing went right) and after trying a few different ports I was able to get mobile view working on both the web browser and android.- One of the cameras died after 6 months- The web viewer does not work with windows 8 no matter what browser/security settings you tryWith its current amazon price (just over 500) I can say you get what you pay for. If you are looking at a quality setup then look elsewhere.