I am a big fan of Ubiquiti wireless products, I have their Bullets and Nanos all over our ranch bringing network connectivity to several out buildings and our house.  I needed an IP cam to monitor the water level in our water storage tanks so I thought I would give this inexpensive cam a try.One of my primary requirements was a PoE cam - no ridiculous dongles or power supply bricks to deal with in an outdoor setting and I wanted a weatherproof outdoor enclosure.  Since I did NOT need motion detection or FTP/email features, this cam seemed to perfectly fit my requirements.  When I need to check to check the water level, I simply log into the cam and have a look.  Periodic emailing of a picture would have been a nice feature, but that's not a critical requirement.As other reviews have mentioned, the plastic case at first seemed a little flimsy and low-end quality but it's really okay and quite functional.  I do have a complaint about the mounting bracket, you cannot point the camera at a 90 degree angle relative to the mounting bracket (foot.)  I had to make a wedge angled at about 15 degrees to mount to the building and then mount the cam to the wedge.I have no idea about Ubiquiti's DVR software, didn't use it and don't have a need to continuously record an image.The cam was easy to set up, there aren't a whole lot of settings to fiddle with.  Like the Ubiquiti network products, this cam has a ping watchdog that will ping an IP address and if there is no response, the cam will reboot itself (I set mine up to ping our primary router.)  With some hesitation I will mention that I have never had a network failure of any kind, the Bullets and Nanos are extremely reliable and if something goes stupid, they can all reboot themselves.  Very impressive reliability and I expect the same from this cam.As far as the cam image, it is outstanding for a camera in this price range - I have IP cams from the $100 to $600 price range (Panasonic, WansView, Toshiba, Mole, etc.) running and this cam's picture is amazing.  The color balance is the very best of any cam I have ever used.A caveat:  this cam likes daylight and is not a low light cam.  If you need a good low-light or no-light performer, look for another product.