The Logitech Alert 750e is a good security camera.  There's no doubt about that.  And it is priced right.  So, despite what I have written below, it has to be one of the best solutions for a home security camera or system of cameras in a price range that is not prohibitive for most people.But it has many short comings.  It relies heavily on Logitech's website for a couple of really important functions - viewing the camera across the internet and forwarding alert emails.  Alternative products, such as some Panasonic cams, have the handy capacity of actually operating as their own web server for internet viewing and will allow you to configure them to use your existing email service for sending alerts.Currently, basic use of Logitech's web site is free, though there is a premium service that is a little fuzzy on pricing.  You have to put that premium service in your shopping cart to find out it is priced around $80.  But even then, it isn't clear if that is the registration fee or the subscription fee mentioned on the Logitech web site, or if it is both.  And there is nothing indicating how long the subscription is -- at least nothing I found on the site.The control software for the cam also leaves much to be desired.  It works great and it is simple to use, but it is very limited in its features.  Want to adjust storage space for captured images?  You can.  But only to certain preset amounts.  I wanted to set mine to 2 gigs, the size of my free Dropbox.com account so I would have a couple days of the most recent motion-capture videos stored off site.  But in that general range, the cam's software forced me to choose between a 1/10th of a gig (woefully inadequate, especially with more than 1 camera) or 10 gigs with no options in between.Want email alerts with snapshots of the motion detected by the cam?  You can get those - sort of.  You may have a single frame but not multiples, as is the case with some other products.Finally, you cannot install the cam's control software on multiple computers on your network; e.g., a desktop and a laptop.  It just won't work properly.Some of these shortcomings make me wonder whether Logitech's free version of its web based services will remain free for the reasonable life of the cameras.  And what will customers do when Logitech stops providing the service, whether free or for a premium?  Regardless, even the premium services are something the camera itself or the control software could and should do for free, as Panasonic has demonstrated.  Too bad the high quality images and ease of use with the Logitech 750e cannot be combined with the functionality of some alternative products.