I purchased this camera to keep an eye on a home we purchased until we are able to move in.  I mounted the camera on a barn on the property.  I found a nice location right in the corner, under the eves so it is somewhat protected from the weather and has a nice view of the driveway and the house.  I then ran ethernet out to the barn using a powerline adapter (also works great, btw).After the physical installation, I then set about doing the software configuration.  I checked my DHCP server on the wireless router and found the IP address of the camera and then connected to the camera using a web browser from my Mac on the local network.  That all worked fine.  I changed the admin password and a variety of other settings (e.g. using digest auth rather than basic, etc.) and was very pleased with the quality of the video from the camera.  I also configured my router to create a virtual server so that the camera could be accessed using a browser from outside my LAN.I then tried to set up the iOS app but I had a lot of trouble getting the app to connect to the camera and even when it said it did, I wasn't able to see the video feed.  I suspected that my firmware might be out of date but I had difficulty finding a support web site to download updates.  I emailed the company using the email address on the camera web interface and got a prompt response which pointed me to the updated firmware.  I downloaded the rather large zip file, found the firmware for my model and updated the camera.  That all went smoothly and at that point the iPhone app started working and has continued to do so.After reading the documentation a bit more I realized that I could put an SD card in the camera and configure it to store videos there.  So, I bought a 32GB card and installed it and, sure enough, it happily stores the videos in ~ 160MB chunks and removes the oldest ones as necessary to make room for new ones.  This gives me a couple of days of videos stored on the camera.  You can also configure it to FTP the videos to a separate server so I will probably do that soon.All in all, I've been very impressed with the camera.  It works as advertised and has been very reliable.  I love being able to check the video feed on my iPhone just to make sure things are okay there.  The only complaint I have is that it would be nice if there was a web site that had firmware updates, manuals, etc.  But, at least the email support has been very responsive so no real complaints.