UPDATE:I still love this monitor, BUT it has broken twice in the last 2 months.  I have had it almost a year without a problem... luckily for me, it was within the year and Lorex was great with customer service. Aside from the LONG hold time on the phone, they were very quick with resolving my issue and had pretty much a no-questions asked policy. Just send it back and we'll replace it was the answer I got, and sure enough, that's what they did.  I'm on my second return now, not too happy about it, but what can I say. Technology can be like that sometimes. Just beware is all I can say.  Other than that, I still love it's features and hope it hangs in there for at least another year!My original review:I love this monitor!! I researched them for hours trying to find the best, most secure monitor that had the talk-back feature. I also didn't want to spend a ton of money to get one. I needed it to use in the playroom so I would be able to see what's going on. It was really easy to set up, and the picture quality is great! My only complaint, which is why I gave it 4 stars, is that you cannot zoom the camera in or out. I assumed there would be a manual zoom on the camera so that I could have a larger coverage area, but there wasn't. Unfortunately, since I have such a big room, I can only see the middle of the part of the room.... disappointing since it's such an amazing camera otherwise. With that said, the camera suits my needs, since it gives me a general idea of what's happening in the room. For a baby's crib, it wouldn't be an issue at all.... but if you have twins, you definitely need two cameras.The talk-back feature is AMAZING! My girls think it's hysterical that I can answer their questions and call them without being near. It's really convenient when you are far away from the room, and the sound quality is great- not too loud or screechy and not too soft.I have a lot of issues with my regular baby monitor (Graco Digital iMonitor) giving feedback and losing the signal constantly.... this hasn't been a problem at all with the Lorex. I have the camera/receiver at opposite ends of the house, one upstairs and one down, and it is crystal clear all the time.Overall, it's a fantastic monitor.... good quality and definitely worth the hundred bucks.