We bought this video monitor for our son and used it for about 8 months with it working just fine. Then, all of the sudden, in the middle of the night, the sound completely went out on the parent unit. My son had been standing in his crib crying and by the time we woke up and checked on him, he had fallen backwards over his blankets and stuffed animals, and cried himself to sleep...it was heart breaking! Of course, at this point it was too late to ask Babies R Us (where we purchased) for a replacement, so we contacted Motorola (NOT easy by the way, they don't make it easy to get a hold of anyone!). When I finally was able to talk to someone, I was happy to hear she would be sending me a replacement. But that happiness sure ended quickly.The new monitor arrived and we began using it and it worked just fine...for about a month. 1 MONTH!! And then the sound kept going out, it would go out for maybe 5 seconds, or even for a few minutes, and then come back on. It was ridiculous trying to fall asleep while listening to my sons white noise machine through the monitor, cutting in and out, and I was also scared it was going to go out completely like our first one had.I struggled to get a hold of Motorola again (seriously??? such a big company yet no one can ever answer the phone or email??), and was told yet again to return the broken monitor, and a replacement would be sent again. Ok, fine.Mind you, its not an easy thing for a mom of 2 babies to keep hauling these things to the post office to return these defective monitors. Not to mention I didn't receive a return label, so I had to contact them and ask for one. I finally get a hold of someone and request one, and then suddenly received 7 separate envelopes in the mail, over the course of a few weeks, all with a different return label. What in the world??? I only need one! They clearly need to get their stuff together.We just started using the 2nd replacement today. And...are you ready???? After using the camera for all of about an hour, the BRAND NEW (supposedly) camera has completely stopped being able to rotate. It will move up and down but not to side to side.Are you kidding me??? Its like they are playing a sick joke on consumers. We rely on these monitors to watch over and protect our children and this is ridiculous. Also, I have a feeling they are sending out refurbished units as their replacements, as the 2 replacements I have received have lasted MUCH less time than the new one I bought.Motorola really should be ashamed of this, and especially of how bad they are handling their customer service. Don't they realize the impact of unhappy customers?