So far, this system has met all of my expectations ... and more.  It was easy to set up and it is recording 24/7 video for us with no issues.  I am really impressed with how Swann has made this such a complete, ready to go, system.  I had two cameras recording and being displayed on the TV within 20 minutes of opening the box.  Of course I had not yet routed the wiring yet for proper camera placement and properly hiding of the wires.  Note, this is by far the most time consuming and frustrating element to setting up a security system, but that is not the fault of this system.  (For allot more money you can buy a wireless system.)The only negative I have is the ability to configure the system so that I can achieve remote monitoring, ie a iphone or ipad.  The issue is that the Mac Airport Extreme Router does not support the UpNP interface that this system requires.  Swann's documentation says that there is alternate hope, but it appears very complex (they even say this) and I think beyond my IT/network capability.  I hope to figure it out, but it is not mission critical.On the good side, the night vision performance is very good, the day light performance is great, the 4 camera display on the TV or computer monitor is excellent, and the system settings configurability is very extensive.  Example, instead of recording at 30 fps I changed it to 1 fps so to save hard drive space and thus be able to capture many more days of history before it starts over-writing old data.  I did try the motion detection feature.  It seemed to work well, but I've opted for 27/7 capture at 1 fps.  The ability to review history is pretty slick and very easy to understand.  The remote is a bit clumsy, but using the mouse is very efficient.Summary:  I am very pleased to be in a 4 camera, night vision, 500 GB DVR, continuous recording surveillance system for $250.I'd say the only thing to watch out for is if you absolutely require "smart phone" viewing that you prepare for challenging IT/Network tinkering.  Maybe it will be easy on a UpNP capable router.