There are many mixed reviews on this product but basically it is fine and for the price it is excellent. Setup is reasonable and if you have a bit of networking knowledge actually pretty easy. The best review is the one Titled: Can't complain for all the features it has at its price!A couple of things he left out.The review mentions that the disk that came with the camera was blank. Just go to the website listed on the box and you can download everything you need. Note that don't do a good search because some of the first sites that hit for wansview are not the site with the firmware and software. Use the URL on the box.While you're setting up your camera, you'll be able to view it on your local network. With very few exceptions, even once you get it set up you won't be able to use your ISP issued IP to view the camera on your own network. This is because most (almost all) routers do not support reverse NAT  (there is no way for your computer to pretend that it is trying to access your network from the internet side of the router). When you get the forwarding setup just call a friend or go to a local wifi hotspot to make sure you can access it from the internet.I would also recommend that you set up your camera with a fixed IP address. This will make port forwarding and everything much easier. In your routers setup, see what the DHCP address range is for your lan. It will typically be something like 50 - 150. So your router will issue IP addresses starting at 50 and go up to 150. Set your camera IP address below the range you see. In this case I would set it at 45 so in the camera software you'd put 192.168.##.45 (make sure you match the first three setting with your lan settings).Then follow the directions for port forwarding and have your router forward the port you selected to the fixed ip you selected.One other great feature is that it included a DDNS service. Basically, the camera checks in with their servers and updates the IP that your ISP assigns you.  When you looking at your camera from outside of your network you can just type in yourcameraid.nwsvr.com and it will translate that to your IP and port forwarding setup.Also in the email settings tab, your camera can be set to send you updates whenever the ISP changes the IP which is a great service.All in all, a great camera for the price. I placed my outside under an overhang and it seems to be resisting the elements without an issue including working flawlessly through a brutal downpour.