I bought 3 of these and they certainly work. At 60 feet out, the sensor will ignore cars passing at about 30 mph but pick up slow-moving cars and larger vehicles such as trucks. Placement and aiming is critical to success and requires some thought and experimentation to avoid unwanted alarms.I have experienced many "false" alarms, as others have here. This seems to occur more frequently on partly cloudy days when the sun suddenly peeks through the clouds. Windy days can produce unwanted alarms when things are moving in the breeze. The product should have an adjustable sensitivity like on a motion-controlled lamp. If the sun is shining directly on the sensor, the units can go crazy with false alarms. They should be shaded from direct sunlight.I want to clarify some misinformation about using several sensors together. You can use several sensors with a single receiver, or have the sensors trigger multiple receivers only if they are all on the same frequency.The frequency is apparently determined by the Part. No. which is found on the back of the receiver. You cannot tell by looking at the box, so you need to open the box and remove the unit.I have two sets marked Part No. 0790RX, which work together. The third is marked Part. No. 0790-3 and uses a different frequency. I use the 2 matching sensors in the front of the house to trigger one receiver. I use the third sensor in the back. This way I can tell from the receivers if the movement was in the front or back of the house.I need to turn off the receivers on partly cloudy and windy days. I have a couple of unused wall-switch-controlled outlets which I use to turn the receivers on/off by powering them with HOSA universal A/C transformers instead of batteries. Like many others here, I found that the units DID NOT work when you plug a power supply into the jack. I opened the units and found that the circuits were different from each other and that neither was properly wired to allow operation with a power supply, even though there's a connector. I had to add a jumper between the negative terminal at the batteries and the negative terminal of the power jack to make it work. Essentially, the power supply jack and battery terminals need to be connected to each other in parallel.