As is true with so many aspects of technology, monitoring systems seem to get better by the minute. The Lorex Wireless Video Home Monitor LW242B is a perfect example of how far video monitoring has come.The LW242B is so feature rich that it is easy to get blinded by the novelty of it all. However, it still serves a very functional purpose.The portable monitor has to be the best improvement over older monitors. The monitor itself provides a decent enough picture quality from one or multiple cameras, while also acting as mission control for the whole system. From the portable monitor, one can utilize two way communication features, adjust specific camera functions, pan and tilt the adjustable camera, set alerts for various occurrences, and monitor multiple cameras at the same time or one at a time.The cameras themselves possess capabilities that are way beyond the single function cameras of old. Night vision is automatic, this is nothing too new. The cameras themselves act as two way communicators, so a separate audio monitor is no longer necessary. Depending on the camera, other features are provided such as pan and tilt (very neat), night light, and ambient room temperature. While it might sound ridiculous, the room temperature is one of my favorite features. Due to the way our house is set up, the room temperature fluctuates pretty drastically from room to room; enough to make a little one uncomfortable.The system boasts the ability to access remote monitoring through Skype. I was originally chomping at the bit to try this out, but after reading the number of steps required to set it up, and reading of the substandard experiences others had with the feature, I am still yet to get around to it.Outside of the remote monitoring feature, I believe that I have at least tinkered with every other feature of the system, and I have been quite impressed.I have only ever had experience with other Lorex systems and, therefore, my basis for comparison is slim. This being the case, I cannot say it is the best around; but I can say that the product works well and I have enjoyed using it.