This is an updated review. Setting up the camera wasn't that difficult, though you should allow a half a day to get it connected to your wi-fi, put your schedule in correctly, etc. I did not set up the WAN interface because of the possibility of a back door allowing those who know about it access to the camera and my network.The color is very odd.  The camera inverts dark colors, so that a black sweatshirt looks white in the image. This has to be the IR feature, but with all the lights on inside it still acts this way. I have not found any color settings either in the web interface or in the manual. The color saturation level is so low it is almost black & white.The email feature works great and allows you to send the images to multiple addresses. So I set it to email my work address as well as a personal address which I can access anywhere. I can access the interface via my android tablet when connected to my network as well, which is nice.The scheduler is tedious, because you have to click these little 15 minute boxes for all the time you want the camera operating. For example, if you want it operating while you are at work, you have to click four boxes for each hour, and do that for every day you work. It sure would have been nice to just shift-click end points and be done with it.  Unfortunately, my unit would regularly ignore the schedule and start flooding me with emails when I walked in the door or when I woke up in the morning, times when the alarm was scheduled to be off.I also could not change the default "record to" folder. It was set to C:\Users\Public\Documents. I tried changing it to another location and it refused, saying "Set the recording path fail" in broken English. As it turns out, I couldn't get it to record to any location.I am also unhappy that the IR LED's glow whenever the room is dim, giving away the camera's existence and location. It would be much better if the LED's were fully infrared and couldn't be seen in the dark so that an intruder wouldn't notice it before being photographed or recorded.I've decided to return it. It just has too many issues which for me render it unusable. It is cheap, but as with so many things, you get what you pay for.