I have two of these at home and I love them.  The picture is not the greatest, but it is good enough.  You can still read a car's license plate or recognize a person's face from the images. What I like about them is how easy they are to monitor and control remotely, how they email images when they detect motion, and how affordable they are.  The cameras are very reliable.  I have had one for almost a year and it has never stopped working or lost connection or anything like that.I have them both inside, facing the outside through a glass window, one facing the front yard and the other one facing the back yard.  I use a mini "spider" tripot to hang them on the window.  I have the sound turned off on both.  I have the motion detection turn on.  They send me emails with images when they detect motion. I have an email account created exclusively for this.  They do not have night vision, but that is not a problem for me since I also have motion lights in the front and back of the house.  The images and video are recorded on the memory inside the camera, and it can be overwritten when the camera runs out of memory space, but I have the images emailed to me so I still get those images that get overwritten in the camera.Each camera comes with a web based software that allows you to monitor and control the camera.  Panasonic offers a free service that allows me to monitor multiple cameras at the same time remotely, using Internet Explorer.  The first thing I do when I get to work is log on to this service so that I can monitor my home front and back from work.  Each camera is password protected.  So nobody can access your cameras even if they know the URL, unless they also know the user id and password.You can download firmware updates from the Panasonic website.The only problem I see with this camera is that the software uses Activex Controls.  So the software works only with Internet Explorer and I don't think it will work with other web browsers such as FireFox.  This is not a problem for me since I don't mind using IE, but I can see where this might bother other people.  Other than this, I highly recommend this camera.