Overall I like the system.  The camera is very sturdy.  The mount is not as well built as the camera.  I tested the camera indoors prior to mounting and found that it got quite warm.  I am not sure if it actually has a heating element in it or not.  The indoor camera did not get hot.I initially could not connect with any camera.  I looked through the online documentation which was useless.  I eventually found that my router (D-link DIR 655) had a setting for multimedia data which was turned off.  After changing that I had no problems finding the cameras during testing.  I would have thought the documentation for the camera would have something about checking router settings as D-Link is a pretty common router brand.The major frustration I had was with the home plug data transfer.  I plugged the camera in the outlet I was using for it's final installation.  I was able to get the camera to connect.  However after I went and mounted everything permanently the system would only connect sporadically.  It turns out the outlet I used was at the end to the circuit and the connection was very weak when it did connect.  You can check the signal strength which I did not do prior to permanent mounting.  I eventually did find another outlet that gave a better signal but I had to add a 25 ft ethernet cable to get to it.  Since then the system works very reliably.  I have an indoor and outdoor camera and plan to add another outdoor camera soon.The motion detection works well.  The clarity of the image is not bad but you can't recognize faces at 50ft from the camera.  The night vision works well but I wish the emitters were not visibly red.  It's very obvious.  I have seen other emitters that are not visible at night so I know it can be done.  The LED signal indicators can be turned off through the software.I really like the software but it has quirks too.  You can't maximize the program window and see all camera views together.  You only get a large image of one camera not the collage of all cameras you see in the smaller window.  Also you can't see any live images when remote connecting to the computer.  You can't see recorded video either unless you pull up the video files directly.  The web connect works well for live images but you can't get recorded video unless you pay the annual fee.Overall I would buy again but you better be prepared for some effort to get it all started.