I bought this based on excellent reviews after our house was burgled in August 2012 while we were on vacation; we live in a not-so-great area of Philadelphia.  I'm not given to exaggeration, but in fact it's no exaggeration to say that this company seems to be firing on all cylinders.  The product was well made, reasonably priced and promptly shipped.  Many electronics companies seem to do that while skimping on the writers and proofreaders of the manual and/or customer service.  Not this one.  The manual is notable for its clarity and accuracy, and when I called customer service because I couldn't get a mouse-controlled pointer on the screen, I got a real person after pressing only a single button for Customer Service.  He came on the line promptly and seemed to be well trained; right away, he knew what I needed to do and told me.Since I've been dealing with installing the cameras (and let me tell you, it's not easy running the wires in a 113-year-old stone mansion) I haven't gone through all the programming of the DVR, except the date and time, but so far it seems to be very straightforward.  A bonus I hadn't known about beforehand (which would only have made my purchase all the more likely) is the ability to program the motion sensors to detect motion only on part of the screen.  We live on an intersection, so the ability to tell the system not to bother me if the motion is only a passing car is huge.Philadelphia now has a program by which you can register your security cameras with the police, so they might be able to catch other criminals more easily, too.  I'm hoping this system I bought will really help clean up our neighborhood and improve property values.  For certain I'll be recommending this Swann system to my friends and neighbors.  One suggestion to Swann for this kind of thing-- something that automatically recognizes and records license plates might be helpful.  (Far be it from me to encourage Big Brother, but as long as the cameras are controlled by private citizens I think that's much less likely.)