I bought this to help prep for nanny duty coming soon. I like the fact that it is a solid metal shell, sturdy and compact. The control which is a push button dial is basic but serves it's function well enough. The menu and software is basic which is fine considering the price, nothing fancy just basic file selection then push the dial in for play and it will reply what it recorded. If it was on montion sensor then it would only play from the time it picked up motion to the time seconds after it senses no more changes in the background. The deal breaker for me was the motion detect. It has settings for continuous, stills and motion. The continuous is fine so if you do not plan on using the stills or motion detect your fine. I however wanted to maximize my microsd and not try to review 24 hrs of pure nothing so I wanted motion detect. It barely worked!! I tried different spy cams, same result. It will only sense massive changes in background so in other words, I can jump up and down and have my wife and I walk thru the view range and it will not record. However if I took the cam and gave it shaken baby syndrome or blocked the most of cam with my hand for about a few seconds, then it MAY record. By that time, the nanny/burglar/whoever would beat everyone senseless, eat a sandwich and then leave the house! I probably only get a pic of the show out the door by then WTH!. I really was hoping this would work out but it looks like I will have to buy a full size DVR unit 4 channel and run some lines.Oh, did I mention it came with Euro power supply plug? They included an adapter but by the time you plug it all in, The stack is about 5 inches high or so, not including the power strip. Yea...It does support up to 32 gb microSD and the motion detect was the unit. I have good cameras (600 TVL)and while the pic is fine, it's the motion detect that kills this. Still images are fine, but if someone sneaks in and out of frame in less than a few seconds...it would miss them. I tried..it did not catch me walking from the doorway into the master bath and back out.1/21/14 - I guess a couple promoters of this product disagrees with me