The basic functionality of this product is great and it performs all of its duties the way its advertised to do.  I connected my Mac to the Dynamic Domain Network Service, and once I got the unit hooked up and ready to go it has been chugging away like a champ.  If it weren't for a cumbersome software setup process and the lack of wireless connectivity, this would be a five star product.This unit contains all the cords you will need for setup.  All four of the cameras are easy to hook up to the unit which is routed through your monitor.  I didn't have any issues hooking up the hardware to my computer and monitor, and can't imagine many others will either.  The cords might be a bit small for some with a very large home, so look into what you need before purchasing.Once I got the cameras up and running through my monitor, I found that pictures were bright and colorful, but the stated range might be a bit lacking.  It states you have a 50 foot range in the dark, but it my experience it was closer to 30 feet.  Still, the pictures in both light and dark were sufficient up to this range, and luckily for me I don't need much more with my home.The coolest features for me is its remote routing feature which allows you to work the unit with a wireless device.  I use an iPhone 4 to work my cameras, and everything functions with no lags or problems at all.As I mentioned before, this unit requires cords to work which in this day and age baffles me to no end.  This was the biggest issue I had in setting this unti up, as well.  Once you start coiling up wires around your house (which will probably be too short for most), you're going to start wondering if you really need this model that badly.  This needs to be wireless, pure and simple.  The ethernet cord is also extremely short, like a couple of feet and that's it.  You can always use your own, but why should you have to?  Lorex needs to include much longer connectivity cords with this package.  Also, the software is badly conceived and cumbersome to navigate.  I understand this is a small company and designing software may not be the top of their to-do list, but it's pretty antiquated and annoying to use.Having said this, the unit performs as advertised, and I haven't experienced any technical difficulties yet.  If it were a wireless device with better software, this would be very close to a five star product.