This is my first video surveillance system so I can't really compare it to others.  However, for the price I think it was a pretty good deal.  For the most part I like the entire system... I think the cameras are adequate for this price range, the DVR interface (both directly connected via monitor as well as through an IE browser) seems to be pretty nice and user-friendly.My only complaint (and it is kind of a big one):  At some point I noticed that the DVR had gone from recording only during motion (the way I configured it) to recording virtually 24/7 on all connected channels.  After trying some of my own troubleshooting, I finally emailed Q-See support to try and figure out what was going on.  Overall their support is okay, but as with many products, don't expect real help with highly technical problems.  I'd consider myself very knowledgeable with gadgets like these and I don't generally ask for help unless I've exhausted everything I could think of which is typically way beyond first level support.  The first responses to my query were to be expected:  Check your settings, reboot, reset to defaults, etc.  Eventually they did find the problem but it was not what I wanted to hear.  The problem turned out to be due to having the recording quality set to D1 as opposed to CIF.One reason I chose this model is because it can record in full D1 resolution, but unfortunately this apparently "breaks" the motion detection option which causes it to record all the time.  The problem with that is 1) It makes it much harder to spot "events" when reviewing recorded footage, 2) It wastes considerably more HDD space resulting in previous recordings getting overwritten much sooner than they needed to be and 3) IMO, more wear and tear on the HDD.When I told them that I wanted D1 resolution *and* motion recording, they said that they can only forward my findings to their programmers and *if* they can reproduce it (and *if* they can fix it), then they will release a firmware update.  While I wouldn't expect it this soon, for those interested, it is 3/18/2013 so any firmware update that may fix it would be released after this date.So overall I like the system but for now I am stuck recording at a lower resolution than I would like only because motion recording doesn't work at full D1.Hopefully they will fix it with an update soon.