Wow, this alarm is piercingly loud.  I love it!  It fits nicely under/near any doorway, and because the silver metal top is lightweight metal, it triggers easily, which is great.  It'll startle anyone coming in, because you will have to put your hands over your ears, it's that loud.  There is an instructional demo video of this alarm online. The price is unbeatable.Improvements are several.  For instance, it shrieks when it is depressed by the door, but the minute it is no longer depressed (i.e the person shuts the door again), the alarm is off.  Wouldn't it be nice to have the option that, once activated, the thing keeps a shrill alarm going.  If it shuts off, the intruder may think the system is now off.  He can hear it shut off on the other side of the door!  It'd sound like a real wired alarm if it would only stay activated.It take a 9V battery.  AA and AAA batteries are much more common these days, and would be preferred for this device, particularly as many small mom and pop stores that you might find on a vacation or remote area have AAA and AA but not 9V batteries.Also, you should remove the battery when not in use, to prevent leakage and ruining the device, plus slow battery drain, but--aha--you have to take the battery door off with a tiny screwdriver, like you'd get in a small parts/computer kit (not a regular size Phillips head driver).  The crooks aren't going to get in the door, so please make the batteries easier to get at for those of use who are good guys already inside.  I just don't carry a small Phillips screwdriver with me on vacation, GE!There is an "on/off" switch on this, which is nice, but it's fragile and small and located on the heel of the device---this is precisely where you will kick the device to get it under the door jam.  It's chincy, like it'll eventually break.  Move the switch please, for instance, recessed in the bottom.I'm giving it three stars.We keep one by our back entry door.  Someone opens it, bango, I know your're there and I get out of bed prepared.