We loved this monitor... at first. That night, as my husband and I were soundly sleeping, suddenly the monitor beeped loudly and reported that it was out of range, and wouldn't connect even when I was on the other side of the door from the camera unit.  I finally got it to connect and dropped sleepily into bed, until later that night when it happened again! We ended up shutting it off.  The second day was better, though I experienced some interference with my phone, and had to separate them by 6 feet or more.  Which made it a pain tp walk around the house.  On the third day, the receiver suddenly reported it was out of range again (I was only on the other side of a thin wall from the camera) and wouldn't connect no matter what I tried. After several hours of beeping and frustration, I gave up and got another brand of video monitor, which worked perfectly and still is, 30 days later. I'm not sure if my experience is a fluke, but it sure was frustrating!I was also struck by how "cheap" the receiver felt in my hand, and I was afraid to handle it too roughly in case it might break. There are also bright red lights on the camera unit that lit up my son's room, which isn't too concerning, but the second unit we got (Motorola) doesn't have those lights.  I also did not like how "tinny" the sounds were coming from the monitor - it didn't sound anything like my son's voice and was kind of creepy.  The auto-on feature was cool, but it doesn't have a way to only have audio, so in the middle of the night when he coughed, our room lit up with the bright screen for a while (waking me up every time).  Also, the "out of range" beep was SUPER loud and obnoxious, and would continue to beep every few seconds until it re-connected.  It seemed to take a really long time to reconnect, so I wasn't ever sure if I was within range again, or just needed to wait longer.All those problems are not present with our new video monitor (Motorola), so I am very happy to have paid $50 more for our new one to avoid those frustrations.