I REALLY wish I could give this 5 stars and I would if the monitor worked. I have had it since February 2013 (it is now November 2013) and have had to have the monitor itself replaced once and one of the cameras replaced twice now (we bought the version with 2 cameras because I have an infant and a 2 year old). The camera I've had to replace didn't even get used till August 2013 because that's when we started putting the baby in her crib. Right out of the box the night vision didn't work, so I called and they sent a new one. THEN after not even a month, the sound from the baby's camera stopped working. The lights on the parent unit still lit up but no sound, so we got it replaced AGAIN. Well now, twice I've woken up and my baby's monitor is not emitting sound again. If I go in her room and detach and reattach the cord to the camera, it comes back on, but who knows when it's going to cut out again! My 2 yr old's camera hasn't been replaced at all, but the night vision is now fuzzy and I just realized the other day that when I try to talk to her through it that it sounds like some alien radio frequency sound...completely inaudible and therefore useless. It used to sound crystal clear. Who knows when that stopped working. The first time I sent the parent unit back was before the baby was even born. While using it for my 2 yr old, the parent unit lost sound (not the camera itself like the other time). It started sounding crackley and eventually stopped working completely. When I called and got a replacement, the woman I spoke to was nice, but completely unprofessional. She used words like "duh" etc. It then took over 3 wks for the replacement because they were out of stock. I don't know what I'm going to do when my warranty runs out in feb 2014! This was an awful lot of money to spend on something and only get a spotty years use out of it! We have a plain old cheap audio monitor we used when my first daughter was a baby and it stick works like new with 18 months of straight use!Anyway, when this monitor does work, it's AMAZING. Crystal clear picture and sound, the ability to zoom and move the camera, You can talk to the baby, play lullabies. I can see the temperature of the baby's room. The battery life is awful, but I just keep it plugged in.All and all though, totally not worth the over $309 I spent on this piece of trash. If it didn't have so many manufacturer defects, it would get 5 stars.