Cons: I have had a little bit of trouble downloading all of my pictures. I generally go to my camera and just swipe out memory cards. I then use my digital camera to download them onto my computer. About every other picture my software indicates that I have an unrecognizable format and it will not bring the pictures up to a full view. I can however see them in the preview screen of all the photos. I have noticed that the pictures which are indicated as unrecognizable format have a white out area in place of where the moon phase, time and date should be. This is not a major problem since I can still see the photos in a smaller preview of all the photos together. However it is aggervating. I have not noticed any other reviews stating this as a problem so it could be my software. I dont believe it is though since I can clearly see the white out area in the bottom of the screen where the time and date should be.The only other complaint that I have is nicht pictures are not as good as I was hoping for. I see photos of deer on the review page of amazon which appear to be 20-30 yards away and the pictures appear clear. I however have noticed that any deer outside of 10 yards is blurry and it is very difficult to make out how big the deer actually is.Pros: I have only had the camera out since the first of december. It has been pretty cold here in southern Illinois and the battery life still shows 60%. I think this is pretty damn good considering the wheather. I am hoping that in the warmer months it will last for months at a time.The day time photos I have are fantastic. Crystal Clear out 50 yards and beyond. I say beyond because 50 yards is the furthest I have had a deer away from the camera. I thought it was pretty impressive that the cameras sensor picked the deer up and it was also a crystal clear image.I have tested the trigger time in my house and in the woods. It is lightning fast at room temp.(less than a second)I have noticed that the cold wheater seems to slow it down a little bit but it still seems pretty fast.(less than 2 seconds) Once agian I think this is pretty impressive for the cold wheather.The click everyone talks about is not very noticable and it has not spooked any deer thus far. I have not used the video mode so I cannot comment on the effectiveness of the mode.I plan on purchasing a couple of more of these cameras since they appear to be dirt cheap compared to others on the market.