This product should only be considered a tertiary security measure. I got this to place in my garage's side door, because, for me, that door should never be opened from the outside first. You'd always be going out from the garage first, in which case you'd just remove the alarm first. There's a few problems with this:1. Doors in garages tend to have a very low gap between the bottom of the door and the garage floor. This gap is less than the angle this doorstop wedge is made to handle. Thereby, the door effortlessly pushes the wedge along the floor out of the way.2. It does, however, sort of work if I place the wedge on the last 1/3 segment of the door (on the hinge side). However, if you place the wedge there, then if you didn't know the alarm was there and just opened the door with a fair amount of force (like a kick), the door will cause the wedge to angle up on it's nose and topple over.3. Even if you placed the wedge on a door with a big enough gap, you can circumvent this design. The grip pad on the bottom only works if pressure is being applied from the top (from the door pressing down on it). If you know the wedge is there, you can get around it by slowly opening the door. You'll most likely push the wedge away instead of apply pressure to the top and cause it to stick. You could also probably just push it out of the way with a stick or something thin if the gap under the door is big enough.4. You might ask "how would they know it's there before it goes off?" Well, the alarm only chirps while the wedge is being pressed down on. So the instant you hear it going off you might draw the door back to yourself, and that will silence it. If your-would-be thief wasn't scared away at this point, he could probably figure out how to deal with it. When I crept the door open to test it, the alarm only went off for about as long as a smoke alarm chirps when the battery is low before I pulled the door back. That might not be enough to wake you up or get anyone's attention.All in all, I'd give it a 3/5. It's okay for the price and works well as an extra layer of security. Just don't entirely depend on it.