In the most basic sense, the system does what it's supposed to do at a cheap price.  However, here are a few big disappointments, even at this price:1) Camera only comes in black. Wife wanted cameras white to blend with house trim. I carefully taped & spray painted each one taking care not to spray the lens or camera innards.  Problem solved?2) All cameras were plug & play, connecting very easy to DVR & neaby TV monitor. After one day, one camera started saying "video loss"  & stopped working.  Guess I'll return for warranty repair.3) Oh, that's right, I painted the camera. Probably can't return it for warranty now.4) I decided I was probably hosed, so bought another 4-pack of cameras thru Amazon. Problem solved.  Wait, the new camera now works on night vision only. Once it becomes daylight, the camera goes snow blind. Guess I'll have to try replacement camera #2 next.5) Now, three weeks later another camera that I'd painted works during the daylight but not so much at night.  Guess I 'll have to use another one from my replacement 4-pack?!?6) Customer Service is a joke unless you can find what you need by way of basic info on their website. If you need a live person, then you have to fill out a request form & they will call you within 3 business days.7) I actually did call Customer Service before my camera issues started for help with Internet set- up.  That's a whole new problem. I waited my 3 business days & someone called to help. They had to end up dialing in to my home Internet. I still can only access via my home Internet but not any other wi-fi. They told me that my call time was up & I'd need to place another call if I needed more service help.So, my advise to you is to buy plenty of extra cameras because you will be changing them regularly like burnt light bulbs.  Also, buyer beware - you are on your own with support.  If you can't get it with what's already posted on their website, then wait 3 days & you may get to speak to someone.  Keep your expectations extremely low here and you probably won't be disappointed.