Logitech has really outdone themselves with this setup.  First of all, it uses your house electrical wiring to transmit the video to your PC or MAC with a clever converter.  When you install the operating software, it is extremely well thought out and gives multiple options for how the information is managed; you can get an instant jpg of what the camera is looking at sent to your phone(s) and/or email(s) (multiples in both cases if desired).  This camera's night vision is impressive and low light capture is astonishing.  Its very good quality.  What I think really makes this system great is the way in which the software application displays activity by camera.  You have a simple bar graph with darker colored areas where the camera(s) picked up and recorded movement of something in its field of view and lighter colored where nothing was recorded, so you don't have to fast forward through hours of static view video to see something.  You just grab the slider bar and go directly to where the camera recorded and watch.  Traveling or home, this system will instantly notify you of anything warm that approaches from out to 100' or more in the form of a jpg snapshot to your smartphone of what it is recording.  This camera system (3 cameras) are installed in the home of a family member who is a State Trooper that works night shift.  He has comfort knowing his family is safe and he can tap in and see what's going on or not going on from his smartphone instantly from anywhere on the planet.  That's a pretty impressive capability and peace of mind for someone that travels and worries about the security of his family in his absence.  Again, Logitech really thought this application through seems to cover all the bases.  Easy to setup, make sure you don't install any cameras prior to testing them.  We had a bad camera that would not power up and had we jumped the step where Logitech's installation guide says to test before installation, we would have been chasing ghosts troubleshooting for hours.  We called the 24 hour help line and they walked us through a few additional steps and testing to confirm the camera was bad, and then had Amazon send a replacement (overnight) at no charge.  That's service from both Amazon and Logitech!Severely impressed is not sufficient to express how great this system is for us.  Short money with big benefits.