These cameras were a great addition to my home.  Easy to set up and clear picture! we have three cameras (and will probably buy a fourth) and a 2,000 square foot home, our bedroom is downstairs and one of the cameras is on the complete opposite side of the house upstairs and we still get good picture (and we have tons of wireless electronics!) I need video monitors because I am hearing impaired.  I have three children under the age of four so being able to see (when I can't really hear) is very important. The only con is that the volume when i have my hearing aids out isn't loud enough for me to feel comfortable to hear however I can look at the monitor and see all three bedrooms and see the children and have it set for VOX so it lets me know if there is noise in their rooms by automatically switching views to that room(if I'm in the full screen view), or I can see all three at the same time in the split screen view and it rotates the sound room by room (9 second intervals). But also looking at  the screen you can adjust the volume of each room and see (by little markers on the top of the screen) if there is noise happening even if you can't hear it.. I love the speak to room technology.  I can choose any room to talk to and speak to the child in that room ("don't do that", "get in your bed"... etc).  They love it too cause they can talk to me if they need to and know i'm there.  the quality of picture is clear even at night.  the last video monitor we had only showed night vision of the area within 10 feet, with this one whatever you can see in the day you can see at night.  They are SO lightweight (which some would say would be a concern) but I like not worrying that it's going to fall off the wall cause of its weight and the receiver is light enough to put in a pocket (its about the size of a phone.. it reminds me of the chocolate lg cell phone i had a few years ago..)  THe reciever battery off the charger lasts about 4-5 hours so good to take off the base to bring outside for the afternoon while kids are sleeping or after they go to bed bring to another room so you can keep an eye on yourself.  Worth every penny for my kids security and my own peace of mind!