I had such high hopes for this monitor, but had to return it. My previous experience is with a Levana BABYVIEW20. I'll get right to the facts:Pros:- Very sleek / modern looking. Large display makes it easy to see baby. Night vision is great.- Pan / tilt is useful for when the camera gets moved slightly. I found it sometimes didn't work. I had to jostle the buttons a bit to get it to kick in.- You can turn off the beeping alert thing by lowering the alarm volume (one reviewer said you couldn't do this, but you can).Cons:- Has a selective threshold for what level of sound it will transmit. It does this equalizing thing where it detects the amount of constant background noise in the room, sets that to "zero," and will not transmit any sound that is not louder than that background level. This is HIGHLY problematic for us, as we use a white noise machine, and so it will not transmit the baby crying unless she is crying louder than the white noise machine volume. So, she ends up crying for a minute or two before the monitor will kick in and transmit it (when she gets loud enough). Super, super, super problematic. The primary reason we returned it. We are used to having ALL SOUND transmitted, including the white noise sound, as is the case for the Levana BABYVIEW20 (which we love).- CANNOT MONITOR VIDEO AND AUDIO FOR MULTIPLE ROOMS AT ONCE. I was deceived by the text on this page into thinking this was possible, and it was the main reason I purchased it. You can view video from multiple rooms / channels at once, but it will not transmit sound. It says this in the manual that comes in the box. This makes it useless for multi monitoring, and there's no way I'm going to let it scan every 8 seconds between rooms -- I want constant monitoring and constant awareness of both babies in both rooms. 8 seconds is a long time in parent/baby intervention world. I will conclude this gripe by saying there does not appear to be ANY multi monitor that will display and transmit video and sound from all rooms in one view. So, we ended up having to just get a second, independent monitor and we'll use our Levana BABYVIEW20 plus the newer model Levana on a different channel and just tote around two monitors. I need to hear what's going on in both rooms constantly.