This is my first IPCam. I researched everything on Amazon. Foscam was rated highly, and so was the EasyN for $20 less. I've only used if for a week, but so far I am very pleased. My wife raises chickens, so we wanted to be able to check on them out in the coop to make sure the foxes weren't guarding the henhouse! We can quickly check the status of water, food, and temperature. The wireless distance is about 100 feet. I changed the antenna to a +3dBi gain 8". And I have a +9 dBi on the router. These are available from Amazon and not too expensive. The camera worked with the original short antennaThe IR lights are great for about 5-8 meters, and they are basically invisible. A slight red glow of the LEDs can be seen. The image quality is good at 640x480 max. Color is decent in daylight and of course B&W; with night vision IR's. Mechanically tracks quickly and accurately. The tracking speed is adjustable and up to to 15 preset locations can be programmed for one-click moving to a location. Setup was pretty straight forward:1) Use supplied CD or download from EasyN, the camera finder and viewer software.2) I first connected camera to router and laptop to router by cables.3) Configured the camera. It self assigned the IP address and saved it as static so its always the same. I did not select DHCP option. Once setup and viewed in the cabled mode, I removed the cable and logged in again with wireless. Worked right away.4) There are a number of options in the admin setup pages after you login using http://192.168.xxx.xxx:port, or whatever your internal network IP's are. Netmask is typically 255.255.255.0 - must match your network. Most setup options can be left unchanged. Note the IP and port number assigned. That's what you will use to login using your web-browser. Don't need the http://, just the IP:port# (81 default)5) Internet Explorer and Firefox both work as IPCam viewers and motion control. The IE software version however, has a couple of extra options: Listen, Talk (add speakers to cam port), and Record.6) Setup Android App. Its actually a decent app. Runs on your internal network. You can also connect anywhere using DDNS. A configuration comes with the software. And you can use any DDNS provider, such as DynDNS.orgI don't know of any cons, really. I noticed a connection loss occasionally after not viewing for several hours (Firefox). Just a refresh of the browser tab seems to bring it back. My wife uses IE and says it never did that for her.I'll update this review if there are any changes in performance or capabilities.