This is the 2nd outdoor Foscam camera I've purchased. I also have 2 Foscam indoor pan/tilt cameras. Overall, for the money, this is a very good value, especially when paired with Foscam's Blue Iris software. Over the past week or so, I've been obsessed with tweaking Blue Iris settings and trying different things. I think I have it set up just how I want it now. I have all 4 cameras on different schedules on when to trigger motion/record/alert. I have an email sent to me when motion is triggered and the email also includes a 15 second clip of what it saw after the motion triggered.The quality of the video is great during the day, and, for the price, not bad at night. the only problem I have is when the infrared led's are on, a person's face is brightly illuminated so that you can't really tell who the person is. I haven't been able to find a setting to change that, but I'm sure there probably is one.Unless you just want to be able to look at your cameras every now and then, Foscam's Blue Iris software is a must buy. At about $40 for the software on Windows, and $10 for the mobile app, it doesn't get much better. Through the mobile app (I have Android) you can pause motion detection and alerting, and watch all the recorded clips saved on your server, along with many other options.I have both outdoor cameras set up on WiFi, although I would like them to be wired, it just wasn't feasible with my house setup. I have an indoor camera wired and I don't notice a difference between that and the wireless ones. Note that this camera doesn't support the 5Ghz frequency though.Setup can be a bit much if you aren't technically inclined. I never had to call Foscam's tech support, but I hear they are helpful in other reviews. If you don't understand how to forward ports or how to use DDNS, you might want to ask a tech friend to help, or call Foscam to help with the setup.Make sure to get everything configured and verify connectivity BEFORE you mount the camera high up on your garage, and BEFORE you crawl on your stomach to the corner of your attic to plug the camera in. It can be very frustrating having to repeat that process multiple times. It ended up being my fault, but I almost chucked the camera in the pool out of anger.I give this camera 4.5 stars just because of the video quality at night.