I just purchased this WD 500GB Enterprise HDD from Amazon, and had it delivered Amazon Prime. Out of the box, the drive worked excellent and after a full format the drive is serving excellent as a secondary storage drive, running next to my 64GB SSD.Windows 7 64, my motherboard, and my PC had no problems identifying the drive. Like any new HDD install, I had to go into the disk management menu and create a new partition / drive. After that I started transferring my media collection and downloads that I don't run from boot (or on an everyday basis) to the new drive.As a secondary drive this product should be excellent. So far it effortlessly streams my 1080p media and provides me fast and accessible storage for my extensive photo and music collection. Having 64MB in cache, as I understand it, allows the HDD controller to grab information before it's needed based on past actions. Assume you're streaming a high-bitrate video - the extra cache allows the HDD controller to grab and then store or "cache" the information that will be needed before it's needed by the video program you are running. I am sure this explanation is rather simple, and certainly the amount of cache is probably overkill for what I do - watching media and running typical Win7 programs - but it's nice to have.Certainly the strongest benefit of owning this drive is its "Enterprise" classification. What this means is that you have business-grade or enterprise-class quality and a five year warranty. While others say that this drive is not for standalone, single-drive (non-RAID) configuration, I don't see anything anywhere that indicates it cannot be used for this or does not perform perfectly as a standard workstation drive in a single-drive-access configuration.It's as easy as plug-and-play should be to get this drive going - and the comfort of a five year warranty is a big plus. The 7200 rpm access speeds are perfectly adequate for my needs, and the SATA 3GB/s standard is probably much faster than the actual read/write speeds you'll get with the drive. What I'm saying is that the drive exceeds the standard by its SATA interface, but the actual drive data exchange between the PC and the drive will probably never reach that 3GB/s in normal everyday use. In other words, over-engineering is not overkill but a strong benefit!I anticipate minimal problems with this drive - I have had much success with the WD Green series of 5400 rpm drives in the past. Also all I get from my Lian-Li PC-A04 case is a quiet hum when it's running - pretty quiet considering it is a magnetic drive.In short I see no negatives other than the price premium - which really is offset by the following benefits:1) Five year warranty by directly registering the product with WD.2) SATA 3GB/s interface3) 7200 RPM4) WD reputation for quality5) Enterprise-quality build6) 64MB in cache7) immediate visibility and seamless install in Windows environment