Let's be honest, this isn't an ADT monitored alarm system. It's a simple deterrent for the novice thief. I've read some truly ridiculous complaints about this thing.I got mine as part of a home security kit including three window alarms. Each item works flawlessly as designed.If there is molding around the door, the sensor or the magnet will be at a strange angle. This has no affect on operation. It's purely aesthetic. I simply mounted the alarm unit to the door itself and the magnet is on the door frame (molding).Yes, a thief could yank this off the door, smash it on the ground, and make off with your TV. However, you are completely overlooking that the thief has no way of knowing what type of alarm system you have. When he hears the alarm go off, all he's going to be thinking is, "Oh no!" He has no way of knowing whether or not your alarm is monitored. (ProTip: run a search for 'monitored alarm sign' here on Amazon. You'll find signs ranging from $3.95 to $20 that will indicate that your home alarm is monitored. When the siren goes off, the thief is not going to hang around to discover that your sign is lying!)Some people have also complained about the thirty second disarm time "Giving the burglar time to find and destroy the alarm." Thirty seconds is the industry standard for such alarm modules, and odds are once he hears the reminder beep, he's going to be hightailing it, especially if he thinks the alarm is being monitored.I had the alarm unpackaged, code set, and installed within ten minutes. It took me longer to find a screwdriver to get into the battery compartment. (The battery compartment is sealed to prevent a thief from yanking out the batteries to silence the alarm.)Let's be honest, folks, alarm systems will only deter the average thief. An expert homebreaker will be in and out of your house in a few minutes, bypassing or ignoring even the best alarms. But that's not what we're trying to do here. You're trying to use a simple sonic deterrent to scare away the rookie thief.This will do it.