I researched baby monitors extensively before purchasing this particular model.  I wanted specific functions, namely being able to watch 2 rooms at one time, which this monitor does and it is the only monitor that I could find which is capable of this.  Other monitors will switch back and forth from room to room but not show 2 (or more) at once.I read all the other negative reviews about this monitor before buying but decided to take my chances because of the functions I wanted.  The other reviews were absolutely correct!  This monitor is junk!  For the price it is the worst made device I've ever purchased!  Cheap, cheap, cheap.  First of all when I first purchased it the parent's unit wouldn't charge, it took 3 days before it charged enough to take it off the charger.  Second, one camera wasn't paired up with parent's unit, which it was supposed to be and it took another day to figure this out because, of course, when I was trying to set them up I had 2 tired kids ready for bed!!  It did come with instructions to pair them so that was a bonus and eventually it did work, when I didn't have the kids screaming at me!!  The parent's unit sometimes doesn't pick up the cameras so I have to turn it off and then back on again, and usually I have to do the same thing when turning them on before bed because there is such a delay from picture to parent's unit, it's like using dial up on skype!!  It so far works better when I reboot the parent's unit though, hopefully it continues to work but I have my doubts because of the poor quality of the device.  The volume is really low too, even when it's turned up it's not that loud.  I can also only get about 3 hours out of a charge up which is alright too, I don't usually need any  more than that.  As far as the customer service, that too is lacking, which again I was warned about.  I sent them an email 2 days after buying the monitor regarding the battery not charging and still haven't heard back from anyone, seems it just went into cyberspace.So, in summary I was warned, I knew what I could be getting and I got exactly that.  Even though it is very cheaply made and Lorex has horrible customer service I got what I wanted, to be able to see both my babies at one time, or one room at a time if I like too. For that one aspect of the device I am very happy with and am glad that I purchased this model.  But, please be warned if you don't want that one quality in a monitor don't buy this model I think you could get a far better unit for the money.