It's only day 1, but I really like this monitor already.  Here are my pros and cons from all of one day's use.Pros:-  Each piece is easily portable and while the video quality isn't exactly gorgeous (none are from what I've seen), it certainly does the job.  Just try to avoid setting up the camera where it will be backlit.  I definitely plan on bringing this on trips to visit family so I can keep an eye on them while they're outside playing or when they're out of earshot at bedtime.-  It was easy setting it up for use.-  LOVE the two-way talk feature. My kids don't seem to have any trouble hearing or understanding me.  I was sure to test that out before the novelty wore off and selective hearing was back in full force (they're school-age).  =)-  I like that I can leave the monitor in the charging cradle and still be using it.-  Controls are easy to navigate.Cons:-  If you leave the volume up high, there is a constant hum.  It's not hideous, but it's noticeable enough that I turn it down to the lowest volume setting.  I can still hear a smidge if they're calling for me and then turn it up to converse.  I don't know if it's caused by the wireless internet, cordless phones, etc.-  The monitor doesn't seem to sit very stable in the cradle.  Kind of bugs me, but it still does the job.  Just wish it was snug.-  It would be of better use if the camera angle was horizontal rather than vertical so I could see more of the room.  I really don't think there's going to be a lot to monitor on the ceiling...-  Grainy night video, but that's to be expected.  I have no problem figuring out what I'm looking at in the dark, so it's definitely livable.Other comments:-  Once I read the specs on the photo quality, I didn't even bother inserting the sd card.  Frankly, that's not why I bought it, so it wasn't even a factor in my decision.-  I haven't tried the VOX feature or needed to contact customer service, so I cannot comment on those items.So in a nutshell, it does a great job on what I need it to do...to show me what my kids are up to and allow me to basically have an intercom so we aren't yelling to each other across the house.  Wish I'd had one of these when they were babies.