we lover this monitor based on our experience with it so far over the last 2 weeks.  compared to when we had our last child when we just used an audio monitor we absolutely love this concept of video and bi-directional audio.  The monitor works great in day and night situation.  We actually ordered a 2nd set already to keep in the playroom.  there are several things that keep it from getting a 5 start from us.Pros:Love the pan and zoom of the cameraLove the infraredLove the bi-directional audioLove the large color display screenCons:1) The battery is not designed well and doesn't last a full 12 hours to give us a full day out of it.2) The signal seems to have issues in parts of our house even parts not that far from the camera.  Oddly it works in other parts that are much further3) We are having to order a new unit as the charging plug just developed something that in order for me to charge the unit I have to hold the wire in a very specific way and press on it to get it to charge.  I've had this happen with the ends of headphone jacks where they get worn internally and need to be replaced but this has only been 2 weeks so not acceptable.Could be Better if:4) wish the charging was more like a dock/base vs a plug in wire.5) didn't have a power saving/ voice activation capability6) Wish list for me would be if it also had a built in web server like other security or monitors who we can not only have the display unit to use at home by the nanny but that we would see into the house from the office or when we are out.  I was torn between this one and one of those that allows for iPHone viewing but decide on this one as it's impractical in the house to alway s have to turn on the iPhone, go to the app just to see if the kids are ok.  I don't want to have both types of cameras placed all over the house so Motorola should consider being the killer product and add that feature to the camera, after all it's just a chip to be placed in the camera housing and it's already been done before.UPDATE: March 10, 2013After more time with this, it really is amazing (pending the better if).  I raise the stars due to the fact that we have yet to find anything better so don't people to be swayed from getting this one.  Also we no have augmented our system with FOSCAM camera's that allow us to see our home/kids when we are out and nanny or grandparents are there.  This gives us the comfort we were missing in the remote access to these.  Now if only both could be merged.