Who am I?I never installed an IP Camera until I bought a Wansview, Foscam, and EasyN. I did at least 5 hours of research, reading each camera's reviews, decided to buy all 3 and try all 3. All the same product, different operating systems, slightly different hardware. I returned everything else and kept the EasyN. The first camera took me 3 hours to install. I ordered 3 more EasyN FS613s and installed all 3 of them, simultaneously, using a MAC, within 20 minutes.Bottom Line:This is the cheapest IP Camera on the market. It is incredibly durable and reliable for just remote controlled viewing on your iPhone. Don't expect amazing customer service and well written manuals. If you're a beginner and planning to buy this, do not expect an easy install unless you have a friend who has done it before or a reliable forum to ask questions and receive answers. The product itself is good, its amazing for the price, but the infrastructure behind it...is almost non existent.Cons:Installation:Installation Manual is useless. If you are a beginner, refer to forums and ask around. DO NOT just start hacking/typing/editing away. You will lock yourself outta the camera, force a factory reset, and eventually refer to the forums, save yourself time, start by reading the forums.Installation is built for Windows. Mac is completely possible. I did it. You cannot just follow directions and get this installed, it will be so frustrating. You have to conceptually understand how an IP Camera works. Then you'll be able to easily install.Audio:There is Wi-Fi and Power Supply Interference on the audio. You cannot use this as a baby monitor unless you make some modifications (solder, external microphone).iPhone App:I PAID $2.99 for IP Cam Viewer, otherwise all the other FREE apps, do not provide audio. Internet Explorer/Mozilla/Chrome/ANY Mac App camera viewer will not provide AUDIO. I have searched high and low, and the only way to get audio is a 3rd party PAID iPhone App or using a Windows system and installing EasyN's camera program.Pros:Extremely durable. I've dropped the camera, my kid has put his mouth all over it, he's twisted the camera and it still manages to fix itself if you move it back into 'reset position'Can add up to 64 cameras. I use 4 throughout my house. Its beautiful.