[See UPDATE at end]For a lower price-point game camera it is easy to set up and use. Images are good. I liked it well enough that I recently bought a second one.When I was cleaning my first camera (year old) this weekend the plastic white cover over the electric eye crumbled. I was using a damp cloth with gentle pressure to clean the camera a little before storing it for next season when it crumbled into 20 or more pieces.No problem I thought, probably happens all the time. It was very easy to open the back of the camera and remove the remains of the plastic cover with standard phillips screwdrivers; took maybe 3 minutes.I called Primos this morning to order a replacement cover and learned from the customer service rep that THEY DO NOT OFFER REPAIR PARTS! Primos was willing to swap out cameras with me IF it was still under warranty, but would not provide parts. Well, mine is out of warranty and ARE YOU KIDDING ME it would be really stupid for Primos to send me a new camera when all I need is a two-cent piece of plastic. The CSR I spoke with was cold and could only repeatedly say "Primos does not repair" and "does not have parts". She did offer to send me a new camera for $50. I asked her if Primos expected me to throw away my otherwise working $100 camera and buy a new one because the two-cent plastic dome was broken. She (predictably) repeated: "Yes", "Primos does not repair" and "does not have parts".I will not buy another Primos product and recomend that you consider this if service-after-the-sale is remotely important to you.[UPDATE] The Primos CSR called me back a few days later to tell me that they had searched for a replacement dome but were unable to locate one. She again offered to send me a new one [camera] for $50 which I declined. She then offered a replacement [camera] for $25 which I accepted. It arrived in the mail a couple of days later. I have not tested it yet.[UPDATE] I failed to mention in my first update, that it was the same CSR that called me back and she was much more pleasant and easy to deal with and, in fairness, I (we) all have our off days. The new camera is up and running and has recorded more than 800 photos with the same quality that I mentioned above. It is still a concern to me that they do not offer parts. How difficult could it be for Primos to order extra parts? Is this true with other Primos products?