The DEFENDER 21026 SENTINEL 4-Channel Smart Security DVR with 4 Hi-Resolution Outdoor Security Cameras is a good residential home security system that provides night vision capability. It comes with a DVR that has a 500 GB hard drive.I ended up downloading the instruction manual from the Defender-USA website. The documentation that comes with the security system was very lacking. After going through the instruction manual I decided that I would hire a professional to install the security system to ensure that it is set up correctly and provides the level of coverage that I wanted. I did not want to end up drilling holes in my walls to later find that I did not place the camera correctly. The professional installer was able to quickly assess my needs and placement of the cameras. I also recommend using this system with a couple of imitation security cameras to give the appearance that your system is more robust than it appears. One of the more challenging aspects is setting up the cameras in the most effective location that will not be negatively impacted by sunlight or glare. The cameras should not be directly pointing at a light source. The goal is to have a clear image during both day and night. Using a professional to install the system saved me a lot of time and energy in camera placement. This system works great during the day and night. The video quality is good and would be an asset in identifying an intruder.The cameras are weather resistant and good quality. Each camera comes with 65 feet of cable. Depending on your needs you may need more cable. The DVR is also good quality and should be placed in a room that is temperature controlled with appropriate ventilation. Do not place it in a hot garage or attic.One aspect of this system that I really like is that it allows for remote viewing on the internet or through a smartphone to include the iphone, BlackBerry, and Android. You can also set it up to send you email alerts which is a neat feature especially if you are on vacation. Set up was not too complicated and I am now able to watch the cameras regardless of where I am physically located.For the price range this is a solid security system that I would recommend to others. If you have no experience with installing a security cameras then hiring a professional will be a wise investment.