After a great deal of research I decided to replace my 4 year old dying, summer model with this awesome rated Motorola.I agree with a lot of reviewers that this unit has many, many pros! But using it for only 10 days we decided to return this monitor:(Fully charged it will not make it through the night! We turn the unit on around 11 pm. The low battery alarm went of multiple nights, somewhere between 4 or 5 am. At least it was a soft peep waking us up. Yet it is upsetting having to go to get the charger and then be wide awake.So we moved the charger to the bedroom with the unit attached all night.Then we got woken by the lovely soft alarm multiple times, because the camera was out of range! Nobody moved it. We use it in the room above the master BR, and our house is not of concrete. I'm glad my kids have a good night sleep, cause I think I'd get a little mad if they would wake me up at night as well!Another deal breaker for us is the control buttons. It is simply impossible to drive this unit in the dark. It be a wonderful improvement to have the buttons light up at night!!!Also, the stand needs to be wider and/or has some kind of locking mechanism. It snaps back too easily!Like I said, this is a great unit in so many ways, but these are our deal breakers. I really wanted to love this model. I didn't even keep the box thinking i would hold on to this unit. Spend a great deal of time researching, but hope I will be able to return it without package.Update 09.23.13Motorola convinced me to stick with this unit in June.  I was told to do a master reset, which took care of the false alarms. I also keep the unit plugged in in our bedroom 24/7 to prevent running out of battery at 4am. Even the buttons are not a problem anymore. I finally learned like a blind person to feel with my finger tips, which of the 8 available buttons to push in what sequence to get the desired result. LOL8 weeks in to owning this unit, the camera went darker and darker, until my son was finally not visible anymore. So I placed another call to Motorola. The waiting line for a representative itself is a pain. So this lady is just the nicest person, exchanging the camera for no cost:) Friday 09.20.13 my brand new camera arrived, sealed in a box. Set up in day light it seemed to work fine. Friday night I could not make out where my son was in his bed. All I can see is black on the brightest setting.I down rated to 1 star!