first time mom--kinda Type A, kinda laid-back. but we've loved this monitor. i had some concerns based on some of the reviews and while they're not wrong--it just hasn't bothered me.what some other reviewers were unhappy about:the time delay: yes, there is a 2-ish second delay. this doesn't bother me. our baby is almost 4 months old and has been sleeping in his own room now for about 6 weeks. at this point he's strong enough and a consistent-enough sleeper that there is some predictability about him. i check on my iphone, i watch for a few seconds and i put it down. i don't leave it on. i also can mostly hear him from anywhere in the house (except the kitchen) so that could be part of it. maybe if your nursery was down a long hall or something you might worry more? but for me i listen for him and check in on him intermittently. i also try not to be panicky or worried all the time--not an easy task for a new mother--but if you are someone who gets anxious and worries a lot maybe the delay would be a bigger problem?the set-up: you will probably need some help. its complicated. but we called the customer service people, who called right back, walked us through it and it works. we have to quit the app fairly frequently and restart it, i will say that. that is my least-favorite thing and why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5. and we also can't travel with it. we have a family beach trip coming up and are going to buy another (cheap) monitor for it because to go through all that twice more is too much to deal with.the great things!:--the cameral quality is really great. the night vision is so much better than i would have thought, and in the day time its color and you can see pretty much everything.--the sound is great. i love the squiggly line at the bottom (what is that called?) so if you can't hear well (over AC or a fan or something) you can see if there was an increase in sound in the room. really helpful.--love that its on our phones! i really didn't want to drag around another item all day and now i don't have to. i always have my phone with me so its always at the ready. and my husband travels for work and can check in on him wherever he is (depending on his iphone/ipad's connection) which he LOVES. that was the main reason we wanted this and its been wonderful.overall we've loved it. not perfect, expensive, but its a great monitor.