We searched high and low for a new baby monitor when we found out that we were expecting our second child.  We had been using a Levana monitor and were pretty pleased with it, but this Motorola monitor blows our old one out of the water.  We wanted to buy a monitor that could add an additional camera so that we could monitor both our toddler and our baby.  Since we knew we were going to move our toddler out of his crib and into a bed, we wanted to make sure that we bought a camera with the ability to pan and tilt around the room.  The 3.5 inch monitor is pretty pricey, but we have found it is well worth the money.  I think that this is the best baby monitor on the market.  If Motorola would just change a few things, it would be perfect.Pros:-Camera-the visual on the camera is great.  You can see very well in both light and dark.-Pan n tilt- the pan n tilt function is wonderful and very quiet, which is important if you are trying to monitor a sleeping child.-Multiple cameras-we love the ability to monitor both cameras.  You can toggle back and forth between the cameras, or you can do a scan.-Temperature reader-I never thought this function would be that important, but we use it a lot to make sure that the kids' rooms aren't too hot or too cold.  We've found that the temperature reader is very accurate.-Ability to listen without the video-This is a nice feature that we did not have in our old monitor.  I like to be able to leave the sound on without having to see the light off of the video.  Also we find that the LCD lights telling you the volume of their noise has been very helpful too.-Great volume sensitivity-even on the lowest setting, you can hear pretty much every noise in the room.-No interference-we have had no problems with interference with our wireless or any other products.  Our old monitor would have interference when we used the microwave.  This one has had no interference issues at all.Cons:-Does not have VOX-this one is I think the biggest con with this monitor.  Our old monitor had VOX, and we used it all the time.  It was great for saving battery life and helping us sleep.  It would be great to only have the monitor turn on when the baby made a loud enough noise.  I have found that even on the lowest volume setting, I can hear almost everything going on in the baby's room, and that can keep me awake at night.-Cannot see picture without volume-I wish there was a way to turn the volume off so that I could just see the picture.  Since the LCD lights tell me how loud the noise is, I wish I could just see the picture.Overall, we have really like this monitor, and I would highly recommend it.