We initially purchased this monitor in March 2012. My daughter was finally transitioning to her crib and as a paranoid first time mother, I wanted a top of the line monitor so that I could watch her breathe.Out of the box, I was thrilled with the video quality. It was everything that I wanted and well worth the significant cost. Many of my friends have monitors that only show their child as a blurry blob on a tiny black and white screen. I could count the hairs on my daughter's head in the dark, sing to her from across the house and hear her tiniest whimper. A couple months in it seemed like the video quality was deteriorating, but I brushed it off, it was still providing a better picture than most other monitors. By four months after purchase the night vision on the camera was completely gone. The camera still works, but at night, when I need it most, it works only as a sound monitor.Once I determined that the camera was malfunctioning, I requested a replacement from Amazon, which they promptly sent. I was hoping that our original was just a dud and plugged in the new monitor, once again marveling at the clarity and sharpness of the picture. At that point I should have sent back the original monitor, but I held on to it which turned out to be a good idea on my part.About three weeks after the arrival of the new monitor I noticed that the top line of the monitor had died. No big deal, I could still see the screen. The pixels continued to died until 1/3 of the screen was dead. This made it difficult to see the information at the top of the screen, but I could still see my daughter, which was what I cared about. Then one afternoon I put my daughter down for a nap, turned the camera on and when I turned the monitor on...nothing happened. We fiddled with the camera, tried the old monitor with the new camera, nothing worked. Our new camera was completely dead. Thankfully we had the old camera and monitor with the dead night vision to fall back on.I'm now searching for a replacement. We considered attempting a third monitor, but neither of the first two lasted even six months. Bottom line, the picture quality is fantastic but beware camera deterioration and break-down.