UPDATE 12/9/2013:Well, had these up and running since end of August, and the device stopped powering the cameras.  They wanted to send me the 48v power supply first instead of sending out a new NVR.  the power supply didn't do it, so they sent me a new NVR.  new NVR up and running, and had to pay return shipping, but they did cross-ship so I got to hold on to the old one until the new one arrived.  only took about 4 days... not bad, but then it shouldn't have failed in the first place.Deducted 1 star becaus of warranty needed inside of 6 months.Original Review Below:This NVR camera system arrived well packaged.  I removed the product, and it already had the screws removed from the cover to install a hard drive into.  I installed a 2TB hard drive into the device and then connected the cables and tested it.The primary issue I had with the setup was that the cameras come with static IP addressess and seem to lack the ability to use DHCP, however, the PC software allowed me to change the IP addressing scheme away from the 192.168.1.x that it comes out of the box set to and use the scheme I use on my home network.Picture quality is good, however it is not set to max resolution and quality out of the box.  the night vision IR LED's emit a faint reddish light when on, and seem to be variable.  the camera's quality looks good and auto-adjusts the exposure to the light conditions.  I do not yet have them installed in their permanent locations, but expect to soon.The software for the PC is sluggish, but interacting with the NVR or the web interface was quick.  I was able to connect to each camera and access it while it was streaming to the NVR simultaneously which is an added bonus.  Since I do not use UPNP on my network, I will have to manually open ports as I determine what I want to allow outside my home network, and documentation for this appears lacking at this time.The cameras are pretty small, and should be able to be installed in an unobtrusive location.so far I am happy with the purchase.