I'm a pro cctv camera installer and after installing this camera along with DLinks nvr-202 I have to say I expected much better performance and a wider viewinng angle not to mention the terribly slow web interface when also using the DLink NVR-202 recorder.  The camera quality was good, the live view on the web and on the iphone Dlink lite app was good averaging 15fps but if your trying to make this work via the nvr its painfully slow over the web interface (which is the only way to use it since there's no dedicated software supplied or available to download).For a $ 300 camera I would expect more since this is quite expensive for a color outdoor newtork/ip camera which interestingly enough doesnt have a micro sd slot at all !!!! On the plus side this camera has a very good & squality feeling build/design. Its simple to plug in to power and a network port,  download an iphone app and view the cam with decent realtime speed with very little hassle.  Even though the specs show 30fps I've experienced over a cell phone the connection in 4G or even wifi connected you get about 15fps.  Locally connected to the switch and viewing the camera gets you 20-25fps.  The web connections to this camera are about 1/2 the fps of rated but still decent for a plug and play type network/ip camera.Using the dvr DLink nvr-202 was nothing but buggy & slow again over a web interface, The web connections are slower than connecting right to a network camera and I estimate when the nvr did work you get about 5fps at best. The web interface is VERY slow to startup and slow in operationwith delays between you clicking/selecting something and it responding, Most times you have to re-load & re-load the browser from either a phone or a pc and when you finally get it viewing your camera its about 5fps.  Playing back any recordings is in military time and not so straight forward in use.  The playback feature inconsistently has gaps in its recording streams which is VERY VERY annoying.  I would NOT recommend this DLink nvr-202 device.  If your looking for a nvr/dvr I definitely recommend picking another product that works more consistently this this one which just overall annoys you and in my opinion is not worth using.