Let me start by saying that if you are the type of people who calls your friends to see who can get rid of a virus on your computer, install some software, make a printer print or maybe just random questions about technology then this camera is not for you, you will cry like a baby and will blame it on the device once you realize nothing is going to make it work. But if you are the guy who receives those calls from friends trying to get you to fix their computer or just teach them how to feed their printer and you are willing to accept the challenge of making this S.O.B. work then go on, buy one or two and get ready to spend a couple hours of trial an error until you figure it out on your own because the instructions are 99% useless.But once you make it work boy, oh boy, this thing has all the toys and features of the very expensive cameras. Once I turn it on I was like "no way, I bet you this feature doesn't work... wait, it does... but this other one... wow, it works too!" Seriously, the instructions and software are very disappointing but the device itself is a 12 out of 10. I'm actually buying a second one with sound right after completing this review ;)Two recommendations:- Use a windows machine to make the initial configuration, MAC will be useful to administer not for configuration.- Once the software finds the camera WHEN CONNECTED VIA HARD WIRE then finish your configuration, change the settings including the wireless configuration (if you need to go WIFI) and you are done.- If you want it wireless then remember what I'm going to say, this is very important.... ready?... ok, here I go.... when you have the camera connected to your network VIA HARD WIRE it will have an IP of ie: 192.168.1.92 which is the same IP you are going to type on the browser to access the admin section, but once you disconnect the camera from the hard wire and go WIRELESS the IP WILL CHANGE so you no longer will be able to access the admin section in the same address but you will have to either figure it out the IP address on your own or fix it in the router.