Have had the system in place for a year. I have two outdoor cameras which are aimed at the front of house and rear/driveway.Initial Setup: very easy, not much technical knowledge required just mount the cameras and plug into the wall. The software walks you through everything step by step. Everything from the motion detection, recording destination, and updates are fairly easy to setup.TIP: the best way to get the wire into the house is through the molding of the windows. If you can route the wire under the vinyl siding you can drill a 1/2 inch hole through the plastic window frame (this will not affect the windows performance and function). This also allows the camera to be plugged indoors rather than outdoors where its is not susceptible to being unplugged.Picture Quality is very good, much better than most IP security cameras out there. But the best feature is the wide angle lens. It allows you to strategically place your cameras and capture a wider range whereas you would require extra cameras with most other cameras on the market.The app is great for viewing, I have had it installed on a few andriod devices. There are times when the app will freeze or is unable to retrieve the video but those hiccups are expected from any product which is transmitting data through the internet. FYI, the iOS app allows you to listen to sound, but the andriod app seems to not have this.Beware: The mounts that are supplied are no the best. The extension arm and ball joint are very lose thereby causing the camera to rotate out of position. The best way to mount the camera to avoid it rotating out of position is with the treading on the top of the camera and have it hanging rather then sitting on the mount. I will contact Logitech to inquire if there is a new and better mount.Security Recording: It is sometime very frustrating trying to locate the recording from the camera. There are times when I waited close to an hour just for the software to DL the recorded video from the cameras. This can be improved and I hope the recent software update will address this issue.Planning to purchasing 2 other cameras to round out the system.