I purchased this camera to "spy" on my pets while I am away from home for extended periods of time. It took me approximately two weeks to receive the camera as amazon would not ship this product directly to Germany. Instead I had to ship it to the states and from there forward it to myself. I finally have the camera and it is a day two of using it. So here are the pros and cons so far:Pros:1. The camera comes with dual voltage (110-240V) as well as the plug adapters for Europe and UK, which is great for people living overseas.2. Very clear image during the day and in complete darkness.3. You can manually zoom in and out4. No noticeable delay when operated off of the home Wi-FiCons:1. Camera does not rotate so the image is fixed until someone manually moves the camera2. The image is blur if the light in the room is not bright enough or if it is not completely dark.3. Installation is a nightmare, especially with foreign routers. However, the customer support is outstanding.4. When using away from home function either on a different WiFi or 3G network, there is at least 5-7 second delay on the image.5. You have to purchase an $11.99 app to use this product on Apple devices...which is really not a con but I think it should either be included in the price or disclosed upfront.Customer support (5 stars):The WiFi baby customer support is very prompt and efficient. First, due to an unknown reason I was unable to install the software that came with the WiFi Baby cam. I contacted tech support via email, and within an hour received a response with a scheduled time for the same day to conduct screen-share and a phone conference to resolve my issue. Since I am located overseas, Gary, the tech was able to provide me with a local (German) phone number that I could call to join the conference, which saved me from paying long distance phone charges. Since I have a foreign router and all of the instructions and configurations are not in English, that made the set up process a lot more complicated. However, Gary was very patient and knowledgeable, and was able to connect the router to the camera in less than an hour even with router configurations being in a foreign language.I am not computer illiterate, but without Gary's expertise I would have not be able to get this camera up and running even with the step by step instructions provided on the website. After the setup, I received a follow up email with everything that we had accomplished...that again just indicates that they really care about their customers.So overall, the product is good and the customer service is beyond great. Will definitely recommend it to others and will buy it again in the future.