getting the high quality camera is DEFINETLY worth the extra couple bucks. The pictures are so clear, and there arent very many false triggers. Ive caught 8 Bucks on this camera, in the course of a couple of months!Lets just say, i know my hunting spot this year!Absolutely GREAT camers. the batteries last a LONG time. I havent had it long enough for the batteries to die yet. still have the first set of betteries i put in there! and i bought this back in march! (current date 8/21)The other thing i love about this, is that the operation of it is simple. Set the date / time, the format in which youd like the captures (video, 3pic,1pic) then choose high quality or low quality, and youre set! put it in the tree and youre done!I LOVE THIS CAMERA!UPDATE!!! 10/30/13I just pulled down the camera from being in the woods for just another month. ABSOLUTELY DISAPPOINTED. The camera has WATER on the inside! The camera turns on. but will not function at all. The digital display on the inside turns on, and the infared lights are constantly on. No solution. The camera is now a gonner. $100 down the drain.Who would have thought, a camera meant to be in the weather, failed at its one and only job. To keep the weather out.Im going to check with the simmons company, and see if they have some sort of warrenty, or even just pay them to fix it. (assuming its fixable for less than the cost of a new one.)IF YOU BUY, MAKE SURE YOU BUY A SECURITY BOX TO GO AROUND IT. THAT SHOULD KEEP OUT THE MOISTURE.UPDATE 1/22/14After a short phonecall with the "simmons" representive, I found that This camera has a Complete 2 Year factory warranty on it from BUSHNELL. All i had to do was ship it to them, plus $10 to ship it back, and they just replaced my camera.Like i said earlier, I did get a security box for it. We will see how that helps.P.S. It is near impossible to find a good fitting box for cameras this size. I wound up getting a box that was too big, and had an open face to it, and modifying it.If anyone on here has found a properly fitting security box, please comment the link. It would be greatly appreciated.