The Camera hardware:This thing is built like a brick $#@%house!  The upper casing feels like a solid block of aluminum.  Lots of IR LEDs.  Evidently, the lens is replaceable.  The base 6mm lens doesn't provide for the widest view angle.  I'm tempted to upgrade to a 2.5mm lens but for the hassle of having to install the lens in situ.The Mounting hardware:Respectable.  Provided robust enough metal bracket, three wood screws, and an adjustable arm.  I'm pleased with how easy the arm was to adjust and tighten.  The included allen wrench saved me another trip to the garage.Picture quality:The image is sharp!  But I found the colors a bit faded.  I understand that the IR-cutoff is supposed to be automatic.Setup:Getting the camera on your local network can be a little tricky.  I had to go to my DHCP server to find the IP address assigned to the camera.  Having the camera default to port 81 for HTTP?  I don't get it.  Port 80 is the *standard* HTTP port. This just causes more confusion.  In particular, connecting to an encrypted home wireless network was the most confusing part.  Read on.Software:The web UI is mediocre at best.  In particular, the UI provides poor user feedback. While setting up the wifi, I couldn't tell if the camera couldn't see the network or failed to authenticate.  This caused me at least an hour of agony.Mini Encrypted Wifi HOWTO:I spent at least an hour googling to find the necessary instructions.  First, once you've connected to the camera's web UI, on the wireless setup screen, you may need "Scan" as many as 4 different times in order to detect your network (assuming it's broadcasting its name/SSID).  Once you've found your network, click on it to set up the configuration. Now hit the "Set" button and let the camera reboot.  THIS IS WHERE THE CONFUSION BEGINS.  After the reboot, *unplug the camera*, unplug the ethernet cable, then plug the camera back in. After about 30 seconds, your camera should have rebooted and should now be on the wireless network.Overall:Beyond the low quality Web UI and the setup experience (lost one star here) overall, it's a solid camera.