I live in an apartment and wanted to add an inexpensive alarm system that could serve as a deterrent to intruders.  I know that this GE system cannot substitute for a centralized alarm system in which authorities/police are immediately notified, but I felt that the activation of a loud alarm could scare off an unsuspecting burglar and was far better than not having any alarm system.  It could also serve to wake you up at night as soon as a window or door is opened, giving you precious seconds to call 911, freak out, pray, reach for your 9mm, etc.  (I mean this jokingly, but nevertheless, it is better than waking up to an intruder by your bedside.)The main door unit is extremely easy to set up.  You unscrew the back and install 3 AAA batteries and program a 4 digit code.  You can also set the device to serve as a simple door chime, instead of an alarm if you desire.  You mount the door device and its accompanying magnetic sensor to the door frame and to the door.  The kit includes double-sided tape and the sensors have openings for you to use a woodscrew.  I just chose to use some double-sided Velcro tape but obviously, it would be better to screw the sensors in directly.Once you activate the alarm, you have 45 seconds to leave your apt/home.  When you want to enter your armed home, you open your door, and then are given 30 seconds to punch in your alarm before it is triggered.  This alarm is very loud, and I believe will at least startle most unsuspecting burglars and also potentially wake up your neighbors.The kit also includes 3 very simple window alarm and sensor pairs.  These are very easy to set up as they only have an on/off switch (besides the battery test switch).  You simply attach the sensor pairs to the windows and flip the switch to on.  If you want to open your window, you have to flip the switch to off, then open.  These are really just deterrents, but I believe effective.  In theory, an extremely relaxed, prepared burglar could just open your windows, study the device, and realize that he had to just flip the switch off.  While the door alarm is very loud, the window alarms are not nearly that loud and perhaps just acceptable.Again, if you live in an apartment without any alarm system presently, this system is infinitely better than not having anything.  The alarm is so shockingly loud, that I sleep better at night knowing that I would be notified the very first moment an intruder enters (minus the 30 second "grace period" for the alarm to trigger).  This can be a part of a more comprehensive security plan, which could include stronger door/window locks, lighting, signs of alarm system, alarm, guard dogs, self-defense education, TASER, pepperspray, tactical flashlight, firearms, etc.  You must tailor a security system to your own specific needs, budget, practical concerns, etc.