The Lorex Baby Care N Share Video Baby Monitor and Camera is an affordable video and audio monitoring system that does work.  Due to the recent arrival of my niece and nephew, I decided to try this system out.  Over the past few days it has proven its worth by allowing me to view the baby room while staying in another room nearby watching television.  As a computer guy, in this review I share a few of the other features that you might be interested in.First and foremost, the wireless camera does require a plug in but no video cables.  The range of the camera and completely wireless monitor is about 75ft and displays black and white video most of the time.  The audio levels on the monitor can be adjusted to a high level so you can hear what is happening in the other room, even low whispers.  The camera does have good night vision but note that the red infared LEDs can be seen at night.  Red LED lights have no effect on baby.The Lorex WL3520 wireless and rechargeable LCD monitor has some fun features to play with.  You can play audio back into the room which consists of a short series of soothing beach and bird sounds.  You will also enjoy the talk feature that lets you speak to anyone near the camera and they can hear you very well.  Remember, the monitor is playing back the sound in the room so two way communication is possible.  The zoom is weak and not really worth playing with because panning is slow and the video itself is very pixelated.My favorite feature of the camera and monitor is the remote light that you can switch on and off.  Turning the light on always gets a reaction.The snap and share feature requires a micro SD card which is not included.  The snap shots and videos are low quality but do help capture special moments for sharing on Facebook with friends.You cannot find Windows or Mac drivers for this baby monitor at the LorexTechnology website which disappointed me because I thought the USB port could have been a great way to extend the view range of the monitor using standard WIFI networking in the home.In conclusion, this is a good baby monitor system that is ready to run out of the box.  Plug in the camera, turn on the monitor and its displaying video.  The video is not great but there are few systems in the price range that are as functional and display anything better.  While the maximum range is only 75ft in a home, it should still be considered if you sleep near the baby room and seek that extra measure of assurance during the night.  Finally, this system continues to work.  As an owner of other Lorex surveillance systems, I stand by their systems and can honestly say the have a good product in regards to reliability.