Just set mine up last night.  When I first set up the wireless, without problem, (thanks to the other great reviews here,) I was dismayed to see that the picture on the monitor was extremely fuzzy, to the point that I couldn't make out the features on the human test subject. (my son.)  I emailed the company to ask how to repair that problem.  Granted, I DID skim through the instructions on the disk, but I did not see how to refocus the camera in them.  I tried the brightness/contrast controls, and it didn't help at all.  Today, when I looked to see if I'd heard back from the company and saw I had not, I decided to take matters into my own hands.  On the front of the camera is a movable wheel around the lens...  I sat my son in front of the camera, then went back and forth between the camera then the cpu to slowly adjust the 'wheel' (actually more a ring).  Turning that wheel counter-clockwise brought my camera into a MUCH clearer focus.  On my camera, there are only the words "night vision IR" printed around the wheel.  So, if your camera is fuzzy, try slowly adjusting that wheel.  -Thrilled the camera wasn't a dud!  The other thing I was surprised at was the instructions which said to keep the camera between 14* and 122* Fahrenheit.  (I converted centigrade to Fahrenheit.  -Great, but it ALSO says to keep it under 85% humidity.  I wanted to use this thing outside. I live in a rainforest.  Likely not going to stay under 85% humidity.  Also the thing obviously, being electric, has to be kept dry, so, in a rainforest, can't be installed out of doors.  Cant be in direct sunlight, cant be moved while plugged in, - don't move it while setting it up.  My CD came with the user manual loaded, but all the graphics were missing from it, so I went to the website and downloaded one.  -Much better.  The manual's setup instructions really are adequate, except I had to read reviews to comfortably set it up wireless.  I have a LAN, (local area network), so didn't need the WAN ( wide area network,) setup.  To turn off the green blinking status LED light, once its set up and you are viewing the video from the camera, go to 'advanced', then 'other' setting and turn it off under status LED mode, top line, using the drop-down.  Its then, while in the dark, very dimly-lit with the pale red lights around the lens.  Not hidden by any means, but not glaringly obvious, either.  Its overall a great product, -their documentation could be better.  If it were, I'd give it 5 stars easily.