Okay, so what is this, the 10th camera you have looked at, and the 50th review? Well, I'll try to do the best I can to describe my experience with this camera. I do a lot of reviews, because I think its one of the key ways consumers should purchase.I got this baby monitor because it was on 'the countdown to black friday' deal. I would never pay over $100 I don't think. Let me just tell you first, I got the camera/monitor and then had to return the first one. The camera died the first night! I called tech support with Lorex and they told me to return. Ugh. But I did get the replacement in 2 days from Amazon and it has had no other issues per se.To start, the monitor has a crisp view with infrared technology (night vision looks great!). It also has easy controls but some aren't compatible with the specific camera. You can zoom in (one view) and pan around the area that you zoom into only. It does not pan/tilt on the regular view. The camera is pretty simple itself and has volume control, on/off switch and button for manual night light operation (You can remotely turn it off/on as well) However, I think the light is way to bright for a 'night light' so I don't use it.I was a little disappointed that this monitor is 'snap and store' but doesn't provide the mini SD card, nor does it come with a usb cord to plug into the computer. Kind of stupid. But just another way to make more money for add-on's I guess. And the soothing sounds are so dumb. There is the rain, etc which is nice and then all of the sudden one of the music options are seagulls at the ocean! The loudest darn birds ever...why would my baby want to hear screeching seagulls!!! And you can just select the 1-5 music selects and stay on them. They don't repeat, but go to the next 'sound', once again, it rotates back to the darn seagulls. So I just don't use that feature either.There is another pro to this camera. And that is, it does have power save mode that allows the monitor (and sound) to mute/turn off until sound is heard. I really like that feature. Also, if you want to just turn the monitor off, you can do so and the sound still plays. However, I think a few times my baby was crying and it didn't have the sound turn back on again. So not sure if there was a faulty issue there or not.Overall, I am fairly happy with the purchase. I like the clear view of the child and the simplicity of the controls. It can mount on the bottom or on the back so its versatile as well.