Included instructions are useless.  The KaiCong site is all in Chinese, and I haven't tried to use their ".info" login or get an email.The camera is good enough picture for most purposes.  Pan and tilt seem very quiet, and pretty smooth.I don't care much about the color quality, but it seems ok.  There's definitely a bug in the interface for displaying contrast.  It will show "1", but is actually probably set at "11", or something else.Resolution is definitely 640x480 or less.I'm going to use this as a security camera, maybe an RV backup camera.  It should work well for those purposes.These run off a 5-volt supply, so connecting them to a 12v-to-5v converter should be easy.Other reviews gave enough clues for me to get it working.  Here's the sequence I used:1. Plug it in to your router with an ethernet cable and power it up.2. Go to your router's login page and find the network client list.  Two new MAC addresses should be seen, one for the wired interface and one for the wireless.  They were 1 digit apart in my case, for example, 00:A0:A0:10:02:02 and 00:A0:A0:10:02:03.3. Open a browser page at the address given for the first MAC address, port 81.  In my case, 192.168.1.45:81.4. This should present you with a pop-up asking for a username and password. "The server says: GoAhead."5. Log in with "admin" and "123456".  Now see a splash screen with choices: "ActiveX Mode(For IE Browser)", "Server Push Mode (For FireFox, Google Browser)" and "Mobile Phone (For Browser that supports Javascript)".6. I chose Push mode, being on Chrome.  This opened the server page in the camera.  Now I can pan, tilt, adjust, etc.7. In the bottom right corner is a little gear icon, that pops up the word "Options" when hovering over it.  Click on it.8. Now the "IP Camera Options" page is displayed.  Here are various options to play with. Recommended is to change the login.To set up the wireless:1. After following the above, select "Wireless LAN Settings".  See the configuration screen.2. Select "Using Wireless LAN".3. Enter your router's SSID in the SSID field.4. Choose "Infra".5. Select the correct Authentication Type.6. Enter the router's password in the "Share Key" field.7. Click "Select".  This will reboot the camera.8. Disconnect the ethernet cable from the camera while it is rebooting, if you like.9. Now open a page in your browser on the URL as above.  You should now be connected wirelessly to the camera through your router.My Android Xoom and Samsung S4, both running Chrome are able to access the camera's server page and manipulate the camera.  I've had some success with the Android app "tinyCam Monitor", though its not perfect.  Still playing with it.In the router, it has been suggested to set the MAC addresses to static IPs, so they are not reassigned to new URLs.  That's a very good idea.Overall, I'm pretty satisfied with this purchase, and will probably get a few more.  A very good value.