This was very easy to set up and use. For the price you get the SD card recording DVR, which was a great feature for us. We mounted it on a rotor on a pole, so we can have the camera rotate almost a full 360 degrees from inside the house. I really like that you have one-button instant recording while watching a live feed from the small remote that comes with it. Or set it to motion detecting and it can record for 5, 15 or 30 seconds. Or program it for a scheduled recording while you are gone. With the motion detect recording, if it keeps detecting motion it will continue to record, which I like. We purchased a 48 LED CCTV IR infrared Night Vision Illuminator light to help enhance the nightvision of this camera. Even without the extra IR light, the nightvision built in with this camera goes about fifty feet depending on the angle the camera is set at. With the extra IR light, we get about another twenty feet and everything is lighter and clearer. For the nightvision built in the camera, you WILL see the red LED IR lights when they are on at night. They are actually quite bright and we could see them from over fifty feet away, from any angle. For a simple camera with a DVR and nightvision, it's a very good deal. The daytime color does have a slight washed-out look (no natural greens) but that isn't a problem or big deal. The image is slightly shaky, even for wireless, but again for the price you get a fairly good camera. For a better camera and better videos you would have to pay more. The only thing about this camera I don't like is the microphone for sound. It doesn't pick up sound very well at all unless you are right next to the camera, or the sound is loud. Motion detecting can vary depending on angle and the light outside. We have had it pick up motion up to fifty feet away, but had to angle it just right to get it to do that, and the light has to be just right during the day. It seems to pick up motion better early in the morning and around dusk, so natural light has a lot to do with how well it will pick up motion and record when on motion detector recording. For the price and what you get with it, it's a great deal and we already want to purchase an add-on additional camera for the tiny bit of area we can't cover. We did get a ;16gb SD card, so if we are gone for a lengthy time it will record a lot. Overall we are very happy with the camera and DVR