Cameras, 4.5 stars; Primos Support, 5 stars.We own 2 cameras: a CAM35 and a CAM60, (and recently bought a CAM35 as a gift to my brother). We started with the CAM35, liked it, and decided to get the higher resolution CAM60. Have not owned any other trail cams so we can't make comparisons.Our property abuts a wooded area and we set up the cameras in various locations to see what was going on in the area, mostly around several nearby woodchuck holes. The cameras are weather tight and survived many rainstorms (we didn't get to try them in extreme cold). The CAM35 is a bit easier to manage on setup since the paramerters are set with slide switches. The CAM60 has an illuminated screen and you have to scroll thru a menu to change settings. On a bright day that can be a little frustrating, but not fatal.We got stills and videos of lots of wildlife: chucks, possums, weasels, rabbit, deer, birds, mice, skunk, squirrels, chipmunks, a cat, racoons,... the usual suspects. (Our niece and nephew really enjoyed the animal antics that we captured.)Problem: The Cam35 unit started to write bad files after about 10 months. We tried several SD cards with the same result. We contacted Primos' support and they were very helpful. After emailing them a short video file that would not play they determined that the camera was at fault (a rare occurrence, according to their tech) and offered to swap it with a good one. The replacement is up and running fine. Kudos to Primos' staff and to their support of their products!TIP: One caution re the SD cards. I created numerous folders on a few of my SD cards in order to save interesting videos, deleting the rest. I continued to use these cards but found, after a while, that the CAM60 wouldn't record, thinking the SD card was full. Turns out that the card became fragmented with all the deletions and re-recordings. I was able to defrag the cards, as well as check for other problems, by clicking the "TOOLS" tab under "properties" when viewing the SD card on our computers (Windows XP and Windows 7). It would be a good idea to do this "housekeeping" frequently.