Okay, I admit it. I no longer have an infant - but I did at one time. When I spotted LOREX BB7011 LOREX BABY STAR BRIGHT 7- INCH VIDEO BABY MONITOR AND WIRELESS CAMERA (WHITE) by LOREX, I couldn't resist.Truth be told, I ordered this for my neighbor who has a daughter less than a year old. In the back of my mind, I was thinking of ways we could use it as well. My children are older, but that didn't mean I couldn't come up with a few uses for it.-Keep an eye on the kids while in the pool.-Have a two-way speaker and visual for when the kids are sick, and confined to their room.-When you're babysitting.-Keeping an eye on the puppy in their restricted room to make sure they're not getting into anything.Oh how I envy today's parents. If only we had such an amazing device for our babies, especially for new parents who tend to be worrisome. Having four children, spread out in years, I didn't have the luxury of baby monitors with my first. What a delight it was to have one for the others. Having  just the capability to hear, and not see, was limiting. It's often the ones that are quite that you have to worry about.Pro:-Night vision - can you believe it?-Able to see what your child is doing. If they're sleeping or awake. If they're getting into anything.-The capability to see in four rooms at once.-Two way voice. You can talk to your baby, comforting them and encouraging them to go to sleep.-Plays music at the push of a button. How cool is that?-Great sound.-Clear, vivid pictures.Cons:-None! Zip! Well, okay, maybe the price. It is a bit pricey, but oh so worth it if you know you're going to have several kids.What a wonderful gift to give a first time mom.Product description:* 7" LCD Monitor. an enlarged viewing screen provides even more coverage of your little one at playtime or bedtime.* Crystal Clear Night Vision. sharp, black-and-white imagery gives Mom and Dad a detailed view of what's going on at nighttime.* Soothing Lullabies. 5 melodies will guide your loved one into a sweet slumber.* Crisp Sound. you won't miss a beat at any point in the night thanks to our high-sensitivity microphones and speakers.* Two-Way Talk. reassure your tot or toddler that you're nearby without ever having to step foot in the nursery.