Ok then.  I've gotten two of these, the original and a second replacement from Amazon.  Having had experience with both of them, I cast my Spock eyebrow on the "DON'T BE FOOLED BY CHEAP IMITATIONS THAT BARELY WORK!" part of the ad.  First off, neither one of them matched the description here.  Neither shoot 1280x960 video, instead using the lower 640x480.  The packing and manual included with them (both different) doesn't even list it as possible to shoot at the claimed 1280x960.  One of the images used indicates that an AC adapter is included, which only one of them came with.  According to the text, it doesn't come with one.  One unit was red instead of black, the other came with a different remote.  The red one needed drives and to be powered on (both the side switch and activation with the remote) in order to view recordings from it or access the files, while the other was true to the "No Drivers Needed" claim.  The first one didn't keep time (like hours off daily), and didn't include working drivers for the webcam function.  Good luck finding those, by the way.  Neither had working software to sync the time displayed in the videos.So how about the rest of it?  Well, assuming you get one that will actually function like as a clock, that part if pretty nifty. Alarms, chimes, speaking time, etc.  Too bad that, unless you're at just the right angle, you can't read the time.  Both 12hr and 24hr modes are supported, if you prefer one over the other.  The backlight works nicely, but it's not an on/off function.  It turns on for a few seconds and then turns off again.On the recording functions, it's ok.  It does work, yes.  As other reviewers have mentioned, yes, it flashes a blue light when in full recording mode.  In motion mode, only when it's triggered and then briefly.  In all honestly, unless you're looking for it or in the dark, it's very easy to miss.  Most of the time when testing them out, I wasn't sure they were even triggering.  Speaking of triggering, it's not instant.  Expect to lose a few seconds.  The unit as a whole is a bit slow with it comes anything where you need to power the unit on (side switch plus activation with the remote).  3-5 second minimum is needed to get it to understand what you want.  In low light, expect very grainy video.  The unit doesn't shoot with IR or any other lighting source.In the end, yeah, it works, and it's cheap.  If you can deal with unit's quirks, you should be ok.  Really though, unless it's super important that it be portable and disguised, there are a lot of better choices out there.  Yes, they cost about double, but they will likely work better and have extra features like night vision.  Indeed, it wouldn't be too hard to disguise something like an IP camera.