I got this camera for cheapness and the microcard. We wanted to do some casual  spying on some of the critters that live around our house and property, and since this was small, with a host of flexible features for set up, it seemed a great way to start scouting locations. The capability to turn off the indicator lights is also nice, as mice are bothered by flashing lights. The camera has largely met expectations; we certainly didn't expect gopro level pictures. The infrared dark mode is actually clearer than the color, which suffers a lot of pixilization. Warning, if you don't do the Wifi setup manually and just use the WPS, it will set up with no security.However, I hope the software department at Lorex reads these reviews, because they could improve this system greatly, and retroactively.The recordings on the card are taken in less than 1 minute clips and you will lose up to 30 seconds between each clip. You have to view them as individual files, and you can't even ask the software to play them in sequence, you have to select each. You can't do any file management from that window, either, but must go to another program. That program allows you to delete or download them one at a time and every time you do an action, the folders close and you have to reopen to access the next file. That sort of thing is just rude. Your best move is to  take out the card and use the file manager on your computer to manage files of a type you can't (or I can't) view with any normal viewer. If the clips are limited in size by the slowness of the card writer (the card I am using is the highest rated for speed on the market) then the frame speed of the recording to the card should be lowered so that the video is choppy but continuous.The recordings to a PC are at least continuous, but viewing them is almost as frustrating. Once again, there is no real file management. The viewer looks a bit like the old Adobe Premier interface, but the bars and sliders don't seem to actually do anything to control playback. It always wants to start at a beginning point of its own choosing and go to the end. You have to get it to fast forward and then make sure to slow it back down when you reach the points of interest. If you manage this feat, you can then set it to convert the selection to .avi and edit that in a real program. This would not be an imposition if you could just control the slider or have some forward and backwards buttons.Finally, the player indexing program keeps suffering a string reading error, and the only solution is to delete the recordings folder.  A little software reorganization, a firmware upgrade and my camera would get 4 stars.