UPDATE: DOES NOT INCLUDE CAMERA CLAMP ANYMORE!!! For anyone reading old reviews or who know the older version of this product: the incredibly useful camera clamp (which is the only thing we use, the magnetic base is useless for looking in a crib from above) no longer comes with this camera. If we still didn't have our old one I would be returning this immediately. They no longer advertise that it has a camera clamp other than the magnetic base, so you do get what they claim, its just that this same product used to have it so I was still expecting it.Also to let you know- our monitor broke. After a year and a half of plugging and unplugging, the part of the monitor that accepted the power adapter broke. So we had to get a new one. But we liked it enough to get it again!***One thing I wanted to add to the reviews already here- not only is there no interference with this monitor, it doesn't interfere with other things. I read a review that another monitor would cause the wireless internet to not work, but that is not a problem with this. When using this we have no trouble with wireless connections.I also wanted to let you know that I have not had any trouble with the volume. Before I used it I had to sync up the devices per the directions, and the vox worked fine last night.Use several layers of duct tape or something to cover up the "on" light on the camera end. I didn't last night and I think it kept my son up, when he woke up at around midnight, it gave him something to look at and wake up more, rather than going back to sleep on his own like he has for the past week. You're stuck with the nighttime infrared though, faint red circles surrounding the camera lens. But its faint enough to probably not bother him too much.All in all, I am VERY glad I went with this product, and its so so nice to finally be able to see what he's doing! He's 5 months old and just now starting to put himself to sleep, so its really helpful to see what he's doing. I used to think he fell asleep faster, but now I'm realizing he's spending a little more time playing with his feet :)