I read documents for 4 days prior to attempting installation and setup. I worked and read for 2 more days during setup. When I called for help, the agent was snippy, anxious to get me off the phone, and sent me something else to read.Your documentation ( and you certainly have plenty of it ), although written by a native English speaker, certainly wasn't written by someone with a sixth grade knowledge of punctuation or grammar.It appears as though product development, your technical writers and software development have only limited communication with one another.During the setup process I was prompted to enter "the" IP address in various and sundry locations. Which IP address?  I was working with 3 of them: One for the router, one for the computer and one for the dvr.Setup for the iPhone was accomplished as a result of reading a user review. iPhone automatically changes the "a" in "admin" to upper case. Upper case "A" doesn't work. Software development could have resolved this in advance.Functionality for the ipad was accomplished by trial and error and limited help from the same software review. Again, software development failed. Further, I couldn't find a solution while performing a search in Knowledge Base. Your technical writers failed.Once you back up a file, you can't back it up a second time. It's still on the hard drive. You can see it. But you just can't copy it for police use. Their IT guy needs your hard drive for that which means your security system is shut down until it's replacedHard drive replacement as outlined in the most current downloadable instructions for QT series says a standard desktop, SATA, 3.5"' 1 TB, 7200 rpm hard drive is required. Further tells which screws to remove and electrical precautions.Damned if they didn't forget to tell you it needs to be AV rated.  Damned if they didn't forget to tell you the disk then needs to be formatted after it's installed.All of the things their technical writers forgot to tell me throughout the setup and maintenance of the  system have overshadowed any pleasant experience for which I might have hoped.Still...great hardware. Plug and play it ain't.You have an excellent product with marvelous capabilities, durability, packaging....  I couldn't be happier with those issues. Your customer support, technical writers and software development really suck, however.