We purchased this monitor just before our daughter was born in 2011, and we have used it daily for the past 742 days.First what works:1) The monitor does transmit sound.What doesnt work, and when it stopped working:1) The video - great picture in the middle of the day with the blinds up and no baby in the crib, but as far as infrared nightvision, puhhleeeaase! no way no how can you see anything with this pathetic attempt at LED infrared.2) The battery - I think we have had this thing unplugged from the wall for a grand total of 30 hours since owning it, when we first got it the battery would last at least 30-45 minutes, which was helpful if we needed to go outside for a moment, and even work in the yard while the baby napped.  But into the second and third months of use we noticed the battery would barely ever make it to 30 minutes. We began using it less and less, and as many parents will attest, eventually you don't even use the monitor if you're in earshot of the room.  So a year goes by, and then another, and all of a sudden we realize we never unplug this stupid monitor because the minute we do it starts beeping at us to plug it back in!  Now, 2 years later, it has finally come to a head where the monitor will not last 60 seconds off of the plug.3) The voice feedback - ever use one of those voice changing megaphones? They change your voice in a robot or a monster or Rosie Perez? Well imagine if you just jumbled them all up and screeched into the megaphone, and that is the sound that comes out of this monitors camera when you try to talk to your child.  If you are into scaring your tikes and capturing the looks of absolute abject terror on their faces, perhaps this feature belongs in "what does work" for you.  No, we don't use it.4) Customer service - um...hello?  helloooo? Thats right - disconnected twice, lost on hold once, and then told we were out of warranty and the best solution would be to buy another motorola product.  I think not.So, long story short, RUN! RUN THE OTHER WAY!!!  And honestly, just get a decent audio monitor, since thats all this thing is anyway, unless your children enjoy sleeping in the light of the noon sun, then you might get a decent picture.