With this new Logitech Alert, Logitech has produced security that can work and work well for home use.  It's several steps improved over their previous security system, but is it perfect? Well, not yet, but it's close.Here are my thoughts on the Logitech Alert:PROS:1.  Forget about grainy, pixelated video images!  The Logitech Alert produces the best images I've seen on a security system.  During the day, you get fine color videos.  At night, you get black and white video from the outdoor camera with the slightly spooky look of night vision.2.  The command software is also a cut above what I've seen previously.  You can set cameras with LED signals, or you can turn them off altogether.  You can see video from all your cameras or just one at a time - your choice.  And you can draw around an area to avoid triggering the camera unnecessarily.  All of this right from your computer.3.  Cameras do not require that your computer be on.  They are triggered by motion, and the videos produced are saved on a tiny memory card.  When the card is full, the camera will write over previous video.4.  Save the videos you want on your computer, or send videos to a Logitech site - or both.  Again, your choice.5.  Quick install for the indoor camera.  Mine was up and running within the advertised 15 minutes.CONS:1.  Quick install for the outdoor camera - no way!  It took me a few walkabouts to decide the best location for the camera.  Then I had to consider where I would plug in the power source.  I did not want to have the power outside where it could easily be removed by an intruder.My solution was awful.  I installed the camera inside  above a door in a window.  Of course, the window reflected back into the camera at night, functionally disabling the camera.  Fortunately, I had already tested the camera's night vision in a totally dark room, so I knew the problem was not that of the camera.Now I will have to have an electrician reinstall the camera outside and run wiring from the roof to an interior electrical outlet, so I'm far away from a 15-minute install for the outdoor camera.2.  These cameras run entirely from electrical power because the signal goes through your electrical system.  How Logitech could make a battery-powered backup is beyond me, but if your power fails, then your security has failed as well.  Could this be improved while keeping the cost down?OVERALL:Although this is not a perfect security system, for homes wanting security at a reasonable price, I would recommend it.  Understand its virtues and faults before you begin, and you'll be pleased.