I'm mixed about this product.  It should get 5 stars.  For my purposes, it gets 4 stars.  For many other people, it would get only 3 stars.  I'm grading it a 4 for now**  [Note that I have have changed my rating and my review.  See asterisks below].First off, the Levana monitor works wonderfully.  It allows me to check in on my sleeping son (in his crib on the 2nd floor) while I'm watching TV in the basement.  His mother goes to bed earlier than I do, so I get the early shift for tending for our son.The pros is that is has a clear picture with no noise, and the infrared camera allows us to watch him in the dark.  It even has a useful feature called 'vox'. When set, it serves as a noise-level trigger that will turn the monitor on when a preset threshold is reached.One minor note is that there is about a half-second latency.  This is noticeable when I'm using another baby monitor, but no big deal.What could be a big deal (and #1 is a big deal for me, hence 4 stars) are the next 3.  #2 and #3 might affect others more than it affects me.(1) Interferes with WiFi(2) click sound(3) constant hum when on.*(4) Will not stand on end*(5) Sound cuts out.#1 - is self explanatory.  We sometimes lose our signal and have to turn off the monitor.#2 - as some have noted, it randomly makes a loud click sound.  It doesn't bother me, as I'm in the basement watching TV, but I'd hate to have this next to the bed.#3 - there is constant hum when it is turned on that is unaffected by the volume level.  Again, I'm watching TV, so this is no big deal, but it might annoy sleepers that are sensitive to noise.*#4 - very annoying, as I can not stand the baby monitor on end and have it standing upright on a table.  It may look like it is flat, but the bottom is not.  I have to lean the monitor against something to keep it upright.  If there is nothing to lean it against, then I lean it against a table leg on the floor, and the floor is not where I want a video baby monitor.*#5 - As others have reported, the sounds cuts out intermittently or doesn't work.  I use a low-tech audio monitor to monitor the sound.If they could fix those 3[5] things, this would easily be a 5.  Or maybe just a 4.5, as I accidentally hit one of the lullaby buttons one night, which remotely turned on the song-and-dance.  Luckily it didn't wake my son up.