I bought this camera to monitor the driveway of a house that I bought that would be vacant for several months.  What I needed was the following--- Reliable, it needed to be able to do what it was supposed to do w/o having someone to reboot it or fiddle- Reasonable Quality, it needed to be able to capture a license plate from 25' during the day- Wireless, it wasn't going to be close enough to plug into the router- Email Notification, if something happened I needed an email w/ picturesMy take on these points from my experience over the past 6 months:- Reliable?  Yes.  Once I got it setup it did exactly what it was setup to do, it would come back functional after power failures and operated in a dusty and generally crappy environment- Reasonably Quality?  Eh.  I set the camera up to email me 10 images when motion would occur, the images were sufficient quality to be able to read large lettering on commercial trucks, and I could /sometimes/ make out a license plate if the vehicle were parked close.  In general I have to say though that I am disappointed in the image quality considering the outstanding quality that can be had in even the cheapest point and shoot cameras these days- Wireless?  Eh.  Once it's setup it works fine... but what a pain to get it setup.  I found myself having to constantly play back/forth between hard-wire and attempting to get wi-fi until I was hitting the correct settings.  Maybe the process would be easier if I used the CD, but I didn't, I chose to setup it manually through the camera's web interface.  It supports WEP, WPA and WPA2.  I believe it only supports TKIP, so you have to be sure that your router is set for TKIP or TKIP+AES- Email Notification?  Yes!  This was probably the best feature.  I created an email account just for this camera, that setup piece was very easy (on the camera) and after defining my motion detection area (IE only, Firefox, Safari, etc do not work!) it was emailing me photos based on motion events.  Be careful w/ the motion area otherwise you may find yourself with hundreds of emails from passing cars, etc.  You might also want to define motion detection times to exclude after dark if you have no exterior lighting--my setup would get a motion trigger from every car that would drive by because their headlights would reflect on the window glass.Overall this is a decent camera, but it's really the quality that I would have expected in 2001, not 2011.  The price is good at just over $100, but the quality really needs to be bumped up for this to be good.Out of all the ~$100 priced cameras, Linksys is definitely my #1 choice however.