At this price point, I was not expecting much frankly.  Instead, I was pleasantly surprised.  It turned out to be a very affordable and agile system provided you stay within my tested range of 100 linear feet, providing there is no radio interference.  Homes with lots of walls and wiring within those walls will likely have reduced coverage.  This product will likely work best in open floor plans.The kit includes everything you need to establish a monitoring system.  The kit comes packaged well.  Build quality is more than sufficient for the purpose in my opinion.  Setup is very easy since it does not require use of your home wireless network.  Instead, it establishes a direct connection.  Total time before I was up and running?  About 10 minutes.Do not expect high definition monitoring. However, resolution was more than adequate to monitor activity in a room.  Camera viewing angle is also sufficient for monitoring a given space, though not exceptional and you will have to thoughtfully place the transmitter (camera) unit.  There is a landscape mode, which helps with the situation but really does not resolve it and this limited viewing angle may be a deal breaker for some people with the intention of monitoring an entire room or large play area.  The signal strength was more than adequate given our "unopen" floor plan.Lorex provide other features such as soothing sound effects, temperature sensor, and a remote controlled night-light, and an intercom.  While the sound effects were a nice touch, the intercom was not able to allow us to distinguish voices clearly and will not substitute for a walkie talkie.  Lorex also made the system expandable to 4 cameras and provides a decent rechargeable battery that lasted 5 hours during our use. I should mention that the night vision on the camera was remarkably adequate at this price point and in my opinion you would need to jump another $100 to do any better in this area.In short, I think many people will find this unit generally suitable. One note however, I found no method of being able to record audio/video, even with the A/V out jack.  I prefer units with memory onboard.