Bought a different brand unit at popular auction site, DVR and cameras were no name brand from China. Horrible product, no support whatsoever. I finally got a refund and purchased this one. WOW Big difference a brand name makes. Cameras are superior to other unit I had. Although they are not HD quality, what do you expect for under $130.00. If you want perfect quality spend more money. For what I paid, I think this is a great buy. IR works well at night within about 20-30ft. Anything over that not so much. Set up isn't for the laymen, if you have PC and network knowledge you will do fine. I tried to get the mobile app working for about a week. I finally broke down and called Tech support for Zmodo. They are based in Illinois, and they speak English. They immediately identified my issue, emailed a link to a firmware update, and had me up and running in no time. Just the American based Tech Support is enough to keep me as a customer for a long time. American based tech support is a gem to find. For the money I spent, I think that this was a great buy. It serves my needs well for a home security system to keep the neighbors and my teenage step daughter at bay. I can now access it from work, my laptop, and my phone. Sign up for a dyndns account and you will never lose access due to IP changes. Also make sure you have port forwarding configured correctly within your router. The 4 60ft cables may not be enough to reach around your house. Luckily I had 2 50ft cables laying around, that I used to extend the two out to the opposite side of my house.Pros:AMERICAN Tech support (M-F).Wide Angle Cameras for larger viewing area.24 IR LEDs, Decent night vision.White cameras blend well with exterior of home.Software included with DVR.Instructions are decent.Extensive Zmodo Knowledge base online.Cons:60ft cables may not completely reach farthest ends of home. Maybe include 2 50' and 2 100' cables or buy a couple extra.Support live chat is based overseas ( Call the 800 number M-F to reach US).Color is off during day (I know my grass is green not blue-brown) not a deal breaker for me. I uploaded a couple pictures to show.IR is not 65ft, at least not in my usage. Still does the job at night.All in all, a good value for a good basic system. I would recommend to a friend.