I ordered this camera to place out at the end of my driveway under a light pole.  I didn't want one that had the integrated IR lamps since the motion capture function on the DVR picks up nothing but bugs flying in front of the camera that are interested in the IR lamps.  This is a big problem in Florida.  This camera fit the bill for my needs.The item says it is weatherproof.  I mounted it on an outdoor electrical box that is mounted on a 15 foot metal conduit that is pressed into the ground about 4 feet, which is easy to do in the Florida sand.  The camera worked great for a few weeks, and then after the first good rain of our rainy season the camera started to fog up.  The next day it rained some more, and this time there was visible water in the camera picture, and upon inspection in the front section in the camera against the lens window.This caused it to stop working.  Now since I had my mount set up for this particular camera, I just went and ordered another.  Meanwhile I took apart this camera and found that the "weatherproof" claim isn't all that substantiated with the build quality.  The camera unscrews in the middle, and that seam is covered with tape, the beige band you see in the picture of the product.  Yes, there was a gasket further in the seam, but the water just sitting in there behind the tape was bound to get in, or at least cause it to fog up in the heat cold changes throughout the day.So I took the camera completely apart and let it sit in some rice overnight to get the water out of it.  The next day the camera was working again.  Ok, good.  But I didn't want to do this every time it rained so I put in some dessicant pellets that I had laying around (after cooking them in the oven for a while to dry them out completely first).  This way if any water or humidity did get in, the dessicant would absorb it.I decided that the camera wasn't really waterproof and ready to be put in the path of our daily Florida rains, so I ended up building a rounded cover like you would see on other "bullet" cameras that have IR LEDs on them.  It covers the camera so the rain will just run off, and it also shields the front of the camera from the sun like a baseball cap.So long story short, don't plan on sticking this camera somewhere that isn't under cover from the rain.The picture quality is good, but there is a black band on the right side of the image that takes up about 5% of the screen, and this is present on the first and the second cameras that I bought of this type.  The wide angle is also good without too much of that fisheye effect.