We got the Alert 750i Indoor Master system with an Alert 700e Outdoor Add-on camera for review through the Vine program.  I was excited because we have set up a few DIY camera security systems around the home over the years and I was interested in how the experience would be with a professional system.  The biggest difference was the ease of setting it up.  The setup instructions are clear and easy to follow.  Basically you mount the cameras, connect them to their powerline network adapters, connect a similar network adapter to your router and install and set up the software.  There are a variety of mounting options for the cameras, so you shouldn't have trouble finding something that works for your situation.  The cable from the camera to the network adapter is very small and thin and can be passed through windows or be hidden fairly easily.  The network adapters must be plugged directly into the wall, not through surge protectors.  Using your existing power wiring for the networking really simplifies the installation.The indoor camera works great.  Great picture, good in low light situations.  The outdoor camera is fantastic.  Very solid construction, very powerful infrared illumination.  This camera gets a great picture even on a cloudy, no-moonlight night.  Both cameras come with a 2 GB memory card so that they can save video even when the PC software is not running.The software is version 3 and feels very mature.  Easy setup, intuitive, well thought out controls.  The first thing the software did was check to see if there was a newer version available and finding a newer version it downloaded and installed that.  Later on the system also noted the camera software and powerline network adapter software needed to be updated and did this all automatically also, except for needing to cycle the power on the powerline adapters after their update.  My biggest problem with the software portion of the system is that it is set up for viewing on a single, local computer.  We ended up installing it on the computer in the office rather than on our two laptops, which would have been much more convenient.  A very powerful feature is the ability to view the video from anywhere you have an Internet connection, including on your Android device or iPhone.  This feature gives you access to the live feeds for free.  If you want access to the video history or ability to configure your system remotely you need to pay the $79/year subscription.While it seems strange to say this, since we got the items for `free' through Vine, my biggest problem with the product is the price.  Retail you're looking at $300 + $280, plus $80/year for remote history viewing.  Perhaps the price factors in that the system is so easy to install that you won't have to pay for installation and maybe Logitech is targeting small business users.  Price aside, I whole-heartedly recommend this system.