I want to preface this review by stating that I have had this camera for one week.  And I am using it to monitor older children (2.4 and 1).  So I didn't place the camera so close to baby.  We're past SIDS risk so I don't need to use this camera to check breathing.  I want to see what my boys are up to when awake.  We have not tried to add another camera.Pros:  This unit is much more affordable than other video monitors.  It was simple to set up and operate.  The picture is pretty good even with the infrared.  I love how portable the monitor is.  We live in a tri-level home (a basement and 3 half levels split up).  The nursery is on the top level and the camera has perfect reception in the basement.Cons:  We had to get creative on placement.  We wanted the camera to watch the whole room, not just the head of a baby in a crib.  This monitor is not designed to be hung in the corner of a room.  We improvised by installing a small corner shelf and setting it up there.  And that means we had to use an extension cord coming down the wall and we can't easily turn the camera on or off.  It just stays plugged in and on all the time.  We also experienced major wifi interference, like many other reviewers.  We had to buy a new wireless router that was dual band to be able to use the iPad in our bedroom (right next to the nursery).  We still have trouble with the smart TV but that might just be the TV's problem.  Battery life on the monitor isn't that great.  And if the battery is running low, the light just blinks (no audio alarm) so if it starts blinking in the middle of the night you might wake up to the monitor having turned off sometime in the night.  I just plug it in when I go to bed and let it charge all night. Problem solved.Overall I like this camera.  It doesn't have a ton of features but gets the job done.  I didn't need anything fancy and didn't want to pay for features that I wasn't going to use.  I would recommend this system to anyone who wants just a basic video monitor.  If you want extras or fancy features, this one is NOT for you.