My son is 15 months old and, until now, we survived just fine without a video monitor.  We decided to get a video monitor and this one looked like a great value.  We have used it for 2 weeks and here are my observations:PROS:-Easy to use.  I love how easy it is to toggle VOX on/off.-Auto-mute feature is great.  After 5 seconds of no noise, the auto-mute kicks in (you can turn this feature off) so there is no white noise.-Decent picture.  I was able to see my son well during naps and at night.CONS:-You cannot pan or zoom the camera. I understand that most baby video monitors don't pan or zoom MUCH, but there is something about staring at the screen of your baby that makes you WANT to move the camera.  Maybe a side effect of having a smartphone..-When on VOX mode, after 5 minutes of "quiet", the monitor goes to sleep and will come back on automatically when noise is detected.  When the monitor goes to sleep, it switches from the black & white picture (mostly grey) to the white start-up/shut-down screen before going black.  This flash of white woke me up several times.  I eventually turned the parent unit face-down on my nightstand so I couldn't see this "flash".-When the volume is turned all the way down, there is no "beep" to alert you of a lost connection with the camera.  For example, if you have the volume turned all the way down, there is a power outage, power comes back on (camera stays off until you turn it back on manually), there is no beep to indicate that you have lost connection w/ the camera.-Similarly, when the volume is turned all the way down, the parent unit doesn't beep to alert you that the battery is dying.  That is a major design flaw, in my opinion.All in all, I wasn't thrilled with the monitor, but was willing to live with it because this is a great price.  However, after four days of use, my video display completely malfunctioned.  When displaying black/white at night, it now either displays black/hot pink or neon green/white.  I am sure I just got a lemon and could easily exchange this for another, but I plan to exchange this for a different brand instead.  After much research, I traded this in for a Samsung SEW-3037W and I am so glad I did.