This is most likely the best bang you're going to get for a consumer DIY outdoor video system. Most systems with this kind of quality are going to run into the thousands.Overall, I'm happy with the system--- installed it over the weekend outside under an overhang, and it performed very well in one of the worst blizzards in the NE.If you don't want to use the powerline adapter (which works surprisingly well), it works with standard POE equipment. The camera comes with a really crappy 10 foot ethernet cable-- the flat ribbon kind. I ditched that for cat 6 standard cable. It fits very snugly in the camera (there is a weatherproof clam shell that clamps around the cable), but it fits. Also, the mounting instructions for the camera are just silly. They recommend mounting the camera under an overhang,and droping the powerline adapter down to a ground level adapter and plugging it in-- perfect reach for anyone to unplug it. I mounted my camera about 10 feet up, over the garage, drilled a small hole in the wall and ran the ethernet cable through, and plugged POE port inside.  If you can't drill a hole, I recommend mounting this above a flood or another outside fixture, and having an electrician install an outlet-- just make it high enough so someone can't unplug it.Other thoughts:Pros:*good video-- although the framrate could be a little higher (and there are no options to increase framrate)*Software is very easy to set up and intuitive. instantly found the camera*night vision is good, although you lose detail. Don't expect to read license plates in total darknessCons:*As previously mentioned, mount is CRAP. It did survive a really nasty blizzard this weekend, but I plan on getting something a lot more robust in the future. Shame, becuase the camera is really good build quality. makes the camera look cheap.*powerline adapters-- if you're going to use these, they are massive, and take up at least two spots on a standard power strip. Not a bit deal for me since I went with POE.*pan and tilt-- there is none. Description is misleading. The software just allows you to focus in on different aspects of the field of view. Just easier to max it out.Overall, I recommend.  Even if you get three cameras, you're still under $1,000.