Easy to setup and simple to use.After connecting the power to the camera and receiver, I turned them on, and it worked immediately. There are menus and setting on the receiver, and it is easy enough for my wife to set up and figure things out (she isn't tech savvy). The microSD card was in the slot in the receiver already, and its adapter came in the package. Yet it was not easy to take the card out.Battery life.It took several hours to charge both batteries fully, then they lasted over five hours with the vox on (audio activated alerts, the receiver gets alerts when the camera detects audio).Long range reception.We didn't have any reception or interference issues between rooms and other wireless equipments. But when the two units were close, it made howling noises. When the both units are in distance, they are fine. I think that's the nature of microphone and speaker relationship.Snapshot feature with external memory card.One thing I like about this video monitor is that I can take a snapshot with it. The quality of the photos are not that great, but its just snap shot just like the ones from a phone camera. However, it is nice that this monitor also works in the dark like a night security cam. Again, quality is not that great, but this doesn't need to be a HD video monitor. And this monitor does its job well.There are a couple of things I'd like to mention as well. The camera unit is wireless, and it also works in the dark. I thought it would be really nice if it works with the computer as a webcam. I am sure that's more challenging technically, but that's the kind of feature I would like. Another thing is about the battery. It is nice that I can charge the battery and the unit with regular usb cable, but when it comes to irregular type of battery, it makes me wonder why. I think it would have been better if I could just use regular AA or AAA type instead cell phone battery look a like.Lastly, although I do not like the cheap plastic quality of this monitor; however, I give more points for its expandability and two way talking feature. If I want, I can add three more cameras (it will cost a lot more!!!) and use this for other purposes. So other than a couple of minor cons, this baby video monitor is little better than others, in my opinion.