Item was purchased to surveillance my beach home. It was the "cloud recording" that caught my eyes because any local surveillance system is never 100%$ safe because the criminal (or the likes) can always temper / destroy your recorded footage. However, this camera has been a huge disappointment.The recording was OK at best showing mostly unclear images at night. The setup is certainly idiotic. You are required to have an Android or iPhone app in order to configure this thing -- THERE'S NO WAY TO DO IT ON A PC. Why doesn't Swann allow the user to manage the device through a web browser? The app on the iPhone is very buggy. I was able to connect to my first router, but when I replaced my router, it doesn't connect anymore no matter what I do.So I contacted Swann's customer service - here comes the worst. I spoke to three individuals from their "tech support hotline" and ALL of them appear to be reading off a script. To my utter surprise, they DID NOT understand what is IP address, what is an open port or what is a firewall. I asked ALL of them whether it is necessary to open a port from my router to allow the camera protocol to go through, they didn't understand this. All the "tech support" did was repeating what was on the 2 page manual the size of your credit card. And yes, I've read this very unhelpful manual many times. As a last resort they said they'll send me additional documents to help me set it up -- it was something the tech support team supposedly "created themselves" to help lost customers like me.OK, so I waited, and the documents arrived in my inbox the following day, and guess what, it was the SAME thing as the 2 page manual that came in the box, with a few more arrows and a few extra "pictorial presentation". Having exhausted my patience with their third-world country tech support team, I tried to look up Swann's headquarter office located in Long Beach, CA. I called them and finally someone cared to apologize first. Then I was told a real "expert" will call me within 24 hours to resolve my concern. It's been a month..... No one has called yet.The so called "Cloud Recording" service is provided by a third party, Seekdon. Their service is a joke -- your video footage is only stored for 30 days after which it's permanently deleted. There isn't an option to download the images for local archiving whatsoever. So basically they are saying if I need to use the footage for evidence in a legal dispute, I better complete the case in 30 days or the evidence will disappear?So bottom line: STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT.