This review is being written 8/7/2010 for Amazon.comI've owned three of these.  One died and was out of warranty so I bought a new one which has been running for a couple of months.  The third one was defective out of the box.  It would not retain its configuration across a power cycle.  Overall, I'd expect a better level of quality from Cisco.As others have mentioned, one weak point of the design is the length of the AC power cord.  This limits your location.  Also, I have used the wireless capability and it's not 100% rock solid for the connection.  This is not an issue if the device is conveniently located in your house where you can power cycle it if it locks up.  However, for a remote location this becomes problematic.  Some people put these devices on a timer to power cycle them once a day.It's better to use the wired vs. wireless connection on this camera, again for more reliability.The camera mount does not allow a 90 degree tilt of the camera with respect to the wall due to the bulky camera body hitting the wall.Security-wise, the connection to the camera uses http not https, so the video data is not encrypted.  Neither is the userid and password that you use to login.  Those hackers who stumble upon the camera's IP address will get a display telling them the name and brand of the camera.  With this information, the hacker than can look up the product information on the Internet to see default login information and other parameters and functions.  This may not be a concern, but I mention it.The camera does not have any night vision capability, nor does it have low-light capability.  The resolution of the image is sufficient for an overall view but not for identifying people's faces for police purposes, for example.Configuration-wise, I'd recommend getting a computer-savvy friend to set this up.  Change the administrator login and add another user login for video viewing purposes not related to administration.  I'd recommend using a wired connection and static IP vs. dynamic.  If setup for dynamic IP (DHCP), the unit will attempt for a minute or so to get an IP address from your router, and if it fails it will stop trying and assign its own static IP which may not be compatible with your router's IP addressing scheme (taking your camera off the air and requiring a site visit to power cycle).These units do work very well with home powerline Ethernet bridges, which can help in those cases where running the Ethernet cable back to the home router is impractical.