I love webcams with a passion. I meant to buy this system to be more of a public system (like a weather cam) but came to find out that it's very private, yet can be viewed through many different mediums (PC, web and phone).The installation was a breeze. I could not believe how quick and painless it was. It's not 100% wireless (you need power for the cameras, of course) but there are no wires running to the router. The fact that the system runs off of a router is just that much better! It clears up ports on your computer and it can be accessed from any computer on your network.I do have problems connecting to the night vision camera from time to time. It's closest to the transmitter, so I'm not sure of why there's such a problem, but I find that I have to power cycle it manually quite often. The night vision on the camera works great, though! I live in an apartment complex, and the camera works great for capturing neighbors arguing in the apartment next to me without them noticing. Evil, I know.The smaller camera I use on my second window. It has a suction cup to easily secure it to the window (pure awesomeness!), but if you have sliding windows, careful! You'll forget it's there and knock it off. Thankfully it's pretty durable. I need to remember to put a stick there so I don't crush the camera on a regular basis.The image quality is phenomenal! HD all the way, just as advertised. You can almost count every leaf on a tree a few yards away. There are tons of details in the bricks in the building across the way, it's amazing!The web app is pretty nice, but I ended up not using it very often. Instead, I use the Android App, which doesn't always connect, but when it does it's pretty neat. I love being able to see if it's raining or snowing at home.There are regular updates to the firmware of both cameras and updating is a cinch. Just click and about 5 minutes later you're done.Living on a bottom floor apartment, I'm sure this set is going to come in handy around Christmas time. If you can afford it, or you're a gadget geek, you definitely need this setup!I should also mention that Logitech keeps you up to date on updates and internet security threats that could affect your system directly. Way to go, Logitech!!