I just plugged in my first one a few hours ago, and I'm going to buy another one now.The cord allows you to place the unit up to several feet away from the outlet where you plug it into.  That's very cool.The alarm is plenty loud enough for me, and I like the other button you can press to see "what's the max CO level since the last time I cleared this?"( I assume there's a way to clear it...)!Look! -- here's a feature that is going to save you a night's sleep about  a year from now:Since live batteries are crucial, this unit *always* shows you the state of the batteries, with a little icon on the right side of the display.  If it is actually running on battery power, the icon just flashes every few seconds.  If it's plugged in, the icon is always visible.  And by looking at it, you can tell when the batteries are getting low.  This means, about a year from now, you can replace the batteries *before* it wakes you up at 3 in the morning, complaining about low batteries!Yeah, OK, the manual could be better -- like an actual little booklet instead of one of these stupid big-pieces-of-paper-folded-up things.  But it's clear and understandable, and if the print is too small for you, you need a new prescription.Listen -- you always hear stuff like "get your furnace checked" or "open the flue all the way on your fireplace" or whatever.  And you think "well, my house won't have that kind of problem."  That is misleading and extremely dangerous.In the last ten years I have now twice heard about people -- people whom I  knew in both cases -- losing children to CO poisoning.  In both cases the CO was generated by smoldering fires inside the walls, caused by old or faulty electrical wiring.  In one case the house was *new*.  By the time the flames actually broke out and became visible -- and by the time the fire started generating enough smoke to set off regular *smoke* alarms -- the victims were already dead.The second of these incidents happened a few days ago.If you use electricity, you need one of these.  No, you need two of these, and you need them right now.