Love the security light.  I have had it for two years with no problems.  It is bright and since it follows motion, it is a real deterrent.  Very intimidating for most thieves.  It also has a function which will enable you to record a message such as "intruder alert, police have been notified".  You can also use one of the prerecorded sounds such as a dog barking.  It really sounds as though the dog is barking in the house in my case.  The camera is of little use in the the pictures captured in most instances are not the quality for a positive ID even if the person is not trying to conceal is face.  However, it will let you know if it is a cat prowling around or an animal of the two legged variety.I see that this item has gotten a number of poor reviews.  Let me address some of the problems.1)  "Quit working within a short period"  I have had one for 2 years and it works fine still.  I'm guessing that the light is not properly mounted to prevent water intrusion.  One person complained it quit working because it was filled with water.  Probably mounted in the open without the seal properly positioned.  I have had another traditional LED security light do the same thing.  I find that even if a security light is said to be an outdoor light, it still pays to at least to place it where precipitation does not fall directly on top of it especially if it has complicated electronics in it such as with LEDs.  With the light head being able to move and the other features of the light, there is probably more places for water to enter.  I have mine under a deck and I've had no problems.2) "Various problems with picture quality."  The whole outfit only cost $129.00 at Costco or maybe a little more depending when you bought it.  This does not contain a high quality, high megapixel infrared camera and will probably rarely work during the day, let alone at night to the point of identifying positively who the intruder is.  However, it will tell you if it is just a cat or actually someone snooping around your property and that is valuable information in and of itself.3)  Short video times.  I don't know about this but mine does several days or more before running out of space and starting over.  I mean, this is not an expensive surveillance system.4)  SD card hard to remove without erasing.  Hey, you've got to read the directions on how to do it without damaging the SD card.  Not hard to do.In summary, I have been very satisfied with my unit.  It is bright, dependable, has great motion detecting capabilities, and the head rotating to follow movement is an outstanding feature in protecting your property.