Our screen broke after 3 months.  It was an accidental drop by the busy mother, and the LCD screen cracked.  So I called Motorola support.  I explained what happened.  The rep informed me that the damage wasn't covered under warranty.  I said I knew that would be the case and asked how to purchase a replacement handheld unit or repair the screen.She informed me that they could not do this.  Motorola doesn't sell replacement handheld units, they only swap units covered by warranty.  They do however sell replacement cameras.  Of course, the cameras don't move around much and don't get dropped accidentally like the handheld units do.The monitor set is about $250 (camera and handheld).  A camera by itself is about $100.  So I expected to be able to buy a replacement handheld unit for about $150.  No such luck.  If your screen becomes damaged, there is no way to fix, repair, or replace it.  The only option is to buy another complete set.Needless to say, I will be buying a new monitor, but it won't be a Motorola.  The unit worked fine until it broke - I'll give them that much credit.  However, having no replacement or repair option for the handheld unit really sucks.  I don't know about other parents out there, but with a toddler and a newborn, we are constantly running around with our hair on fire and dropping things.  I have no problem paying to repair or replace an item I break due to negligence.  But not giving me the option to repair or replace the broken item and telling me the only option is to buy a whole new set really irks me.  The rep actually told me to look for it on eBay (gee, thanks).Don't buy this item unless you are 100% sure you will never drop the handheld unit.  By the way, it fell about 2 feet from a night stand onto a carpeted surface, so I think the unit is REALLY fragile to have broken after that fall.  Buy something else, anything else.  Our old Summer Infant monitor from our first child is still working after three years and has been dropped on every type of surface from every height dozens of times.