It works, but it isn't perfect.  This is the cheapest wireless camera my family could find, and they didn't want to mess around running wires.  So it works.  However, here are some notes.Neutral:* You don't need this on your WiFi network to work.  It comes with a wireless transmitter/receiver per pair of cameras that hooks into the channel ports in place of the cable a regular camera would have used.* Decent quality.* About a week's worth of memory.* We have the highest quality DSL line in our rural area, and it caps out at 800 Kbps upload speed. Off the top of my head the manual stated a recommended upload speed of 1000 or 1100 Kbps if you want the mobile features.  Considering the network issues stated below we didn't even test this.Bad:* If you have a lower end, older single band wireless router kiss any Internet connectivity goodbye.  Thankfully the wireless range on these transmitters are iffy through solid walls so your neighbors will probably be fine, but we had to spend another $200+ upgrading out other computers and the Internet wireless network to work after installing this thing.* The menu system isn't the most inuitive unless you want to mess around with it for a bit.  It doesn't take long to figure out, but there are places where you would think you can move to the next section you have to hit menu (on most things cancel) to confirm your selection.* Occasionally the unit glitches out and you will have to power cycle (turn off and back on) to get the controls to work again.  The system still records while the controls are locked out.Personally, I'd give this system two stars.  It's a cheap for what it is.  My family who I set this up for would probably give it four stars complaining about range problems in their all brick home.  Older home so some of their internal walls even are brick inside of wood.  If you must have wireless cameras, but are crunched for money this system can work for you.  However, if you can afford better, but are trying to be frugal I would recommend going for better.