The GOOD:  Up until last week (more below in the "ugly" section), we have LOVED this baby monitor -- the night vision is great, the video quality is excellent, and the noise indicator lights are very helpful.  The parent unit has a button that allows the monitor to play music, and it has another button that allows the parent to talk to the child through the monitor.  The monitor will rotate so far up, down, and side-to-side that you can see baby's entire room.  The temperature gauge is GREAT; we like being able to monitor the temperature in baby's room.The BAD:  The battery charge isn't very good on the parent unit.  Once the parent unit is disconnected from the power source, the fully charged battery only lasts a few hours (even if you keep the video display off with only the noise indicator on), so you basically have to keep the parent unit plugged in all the time.  If you are looking for a monitoring system that you don't have to keep plugged in, this is not it.  Also, while the monitor offers 5 different musical pieces, 3 of them do not seem like "sleep music;" they seem too fast-paced and annoying to put a baby asleep or keep a baby asleep.The UGLY:  Ours apparently is now experiencing LCD Lamp Failure.  We've only been using it for 6 months, and after the first month, we have always kept the video display turned off except when we check it periodically (partially to save the battery when it's unplugged from the power outlet).  The screen flashes bright light every second or two - it's like it's possessed.  It's really annoying, and it makes us constantly look at the screen because out of the corner of our eyes, the bright flashes of light mimic movement.  Customer support has been absolutely worthless so far.  I couldn't even find the internet support related to baby monitors (if there is one?), and I'm very computer-search-savvy.  The "live chat" on the website only got me the toll-free number for Motorola (so it got me nothing except the info I already had).  The troubleshooting section of the user guide doesn't mention this as a potential problem.  I think it only lists 2 problems, but I can't exactly remember?  I only know it seems to be an LCD Lamp Failure by doing general research (several hours, in fact) of LCD screen problems.  This doesn't seem to be a common problem based on my internet searches (so maybe I'm just the "lucky one"), but nevertheless, I would have expected more from customer support.  We plan to send it back, but that is inconvenient and costly.  I expect more of something that is so expensive, and even if the problem is fixed, customer service is still poor.