I received this monitor as a gift, though a friend had recommended it previously.  After 2 months of use, the monitor simply stopped working and would no longer power on.  Upon calling Levana I was instructed to send the unit back for evaluation and was sent a shipping label.  The helpfulness ended there.  I was quoted a 3-4 week turnaround time to receive a replacement monitor.  The only way to do it faster would have been to pay for a new one to be shipped to me and then receive a refund if/when the original was found to be defective.After 3 weeks I hadn't heard anything and called the company to check on the status of the replacement.  I was told that the monitor had just been tested and the replacement would ship out that day and I should receive it within a week.  When I received the replacement monitor, the box had been opened, indicating that it was a refurbished monitor.  I plugged it in and there was a constant humming/buzzing coming from the monitor that had not been present on the previous one.  I called the company (CWD) back, went through the troubleshooting steps with the representative on the phone, and was told to send it back.  I went through the exact same process again with the same 3 week wait time before calling to check on the status.  When I called, I was told that the monitor would ship out that very same day (which seems like you need to call the company to remind them that they are supposed to be shipping something to you.  I find it hard to believe that it is a coincidence that I happened to call twice, about two separate monitors, and just happened to be lucky enough to call on the day that each shipped out). I was also informed that they found nothing wrong with the monitor, no humming noise or anything, and that they were shipping the same one back to me.  After explaining that this was unacceptable and that the 2 months without a monitor was a complete inconvenience, they still sent the same monitor back to me and asked me to test it out in a neighbor or friend's house to see if the issue was interference.  I'm not sure exactly what that would solve, considering I don't live in those houses, and the first monitor did not have an intereference issue in my own house.I contacted Amazon and they honored a return even though it was well past their 30 day advertised policy.  Amazon was incredibly supportive and professional, but I will never buy a Levana product again.  Their customer service was horrible.