I purchased the base system and two additional cameras - one indoor and one outdoor.  I tested the system before going on a two week trip and it appeared to be working fine.  After attempting to use the system during and after my two week absence I can only assume that this product was not fully tested by Logitech and released too early.  My experiences, broken down by product components, were as follows:1. Base station software: While camera set up and initialization is very easy and viewing cameras in live mode works great the most important feature - playback mode -simply does not work. Videos written to the cameras SD card do not show up in the history window thus no accurate history can be ascertained without removing the camera's SD card and reviewing each video file (which is very tedious).2. Cameras: This is clearly the weakest link in the product line.  I had multiple problems including:  - Cameras going off line (I have no idea why). I had to ask a relative to come to house to unplug and plug in again to reestablish a connection.  - One camera simply stopped recording any images thus it was only useful in live mode.  - Very inconsistent motion detection/image capture. Activity I observed in live mode was not detected or recorded.  I am fully aware of all the configuration parameters that affect this feature (motion detection zone, time of motion etc.). It simply did not work consistently.3. Mobile Commander:  I am regretting paying the yearly subscription fee as this component. The live view mode repeatedly failed to recognize cameras.  The play back function repeatedly displays nothing but error messages and there is very little you can do to correct any camera anomalies.  I would suggest just staying with the free version.This product line has the potential to be an effective security tool.  In my case it helped me confirm that a house/dog sitter was not providing their promised services.  However the extremely poor quality in all components creates a very high frustration factor and a feeling of being ripped off.  It is simply not ready for prime time.