This review will be similar to my Wanscam Outdoor camera review.the only exception is that everything seems to work out of the box for the 2 cameras I brought.There are a lot of good and bad reviews on the Easy N cameras that makes it hard to decide on a purchase. After reading them all, I decided to give it a chance based on below- Cost: It's one of the cheapest pan and tilt camera's with mic and speaker that you will find- Functionality: It performs the functions listed.- Display: Images are good and night vision view is acceptable.My experience.- I brought 2 cameras knowing that reliability might be an issue.- Both cameras worked well and no issues so farSetup:- It was easier than I thought. When you get the camera, connect it to local lan and perform the setup. I didn't use the built in software and connected via a web browser to configure the settings.- The reset button is at the bottom of the camera- Don't make the mistake I did and try to plug the power cord into the speaker jack :-)  - It took me a few minutes before i realized my mistake.- The wireless IP and the lan IP will be the same however the mac address is different. If you lock down your access point by mac address, make sure you unlock it first to allow access.Tips / Suggestions:- You can't disable the makers DDNS. If you do use their service, make sure you route through a different port and use storng passwords.- email alerting wasn't simple to setup. suggest you use a separate account for that if you do set it up.- Micasa vera. did't work out of the box and I am still trying to figure it out. One thing that does work is to use the /snapshot.jpg url to get an image to appear.Other:- the speaker on the camera isn't the best but everything is functionalOverall, given the cost, it is worth it. a bit of a hassle to setup but once it is working, no issues so far. I would recommend this for a low cost monitoring solution for those with some knowledge on how to setup and configure networking and systems..