I purchased the VideoSecu Universal Adjustable Camera Mounting Bracket 2-6" with T-bar Clip as recommended with a Grifiti Nootle Ipad Tripod Mount (For 2 and 3) with 1/4-20 Thread to Fit Any Standard Head You Already Use.The design quality of this mount is as low as the price, similar to the Nootle iPad Tripod Mount which also looks like a crudely fashioned high school tech class project. It can work which warrants a couple of stars in my book, but not the way you might expect.The main feature of a universal camera mount is the ball joint. This unit does not provide a secure nor easilly adjustable position for an iPad. I can't fathom using this for a ceiling mount as it purports to be useful for. And if it were to be mounted on a desk top or wall, you should not expect this to be easily adjustable. It takes a fair amount of patience and fiddling around to get the unit set the way you want.Here is what I think you might expect that this product lacks:No finished surface on the shaft nor any O-ring against which the ball would rotate if it could be tightened against one or the other. The ball may not be round as well.No compression threads on the shaft or the cylinder that contain the ball to provide an adjustable pressure on the ball, both components you would expect in a ball joint.No secure connection between the wheel you would expect to use to tighten the screw of the mount into a camera or Nootle iPad Tripod Mount. You have to tighten it by turning the shaft or the iPad mount to secure them together.Instead, the designer provides a side thumb screw that requires you to push the cylinder down on the shaft and then tighten to "lock" it in place. The plastic wheel on this mount provides no purpose except a stop for the screw.When you think you have it adjusted and secured, if you move it, it immediately becomes loose and can't even support the weight of the screw, much less an iPad. They may as well have skipped the ball joint and given you two heads, a 90 degree and a 180 degree mount. Any other position seems useless.