I have two young children, and I really liked this monitor while it worked.  A few years ago it had features that really no other monitor had.  As others pointed out, the snapshot feature is a joke, but it turns out the construction quality is the real killer.  The plastic shell is a bit cheap, and the circuit board isn't mounted inside the shell very well, which makes for a pretty fragile video monitor.  After sinking a fair bit of money into this system, Lorex's terrible customer service has made me regret every penny.So the full story is that I have actually bought this product twice - once a few years ago through COSTCO and once 8 months ago through Lorex (with only one camera).  I liked the monitor while it was working, though at this point, there are alternatives with all the same features and more.  The first video monitor stopped working last spring, so I quickly bought a new one on the Lorex site.  The USB connector of that video monitor broke  last month after ~6 months of normal use, which was a little disappointing.  The real kicker has been that Lorex customer service has been the worst customer service experience I have ever had, which is saying something... I thought AT&T; would surely be reigning champion there. :-)Almost  a month ago I called Lorex customer service to ask for a replacement as soon as possible.  I spent a good chunk of time with them on the phone.  They took my credit card information to place a hold charge so they could send a replacement immediately, and they would remove the charge once they received my old unit.  They said they would email shipping instructions for the old unit.  After the phone call, they did absolutely nothing.  No email, no shipment, no charge on the credit card.  I waited 3 weeks for some sign of life.  I submitted an online ticket a week ago, which has also been completely ignored.  I called today a couple of hours ago, and after finally getting a customer service representative on the line, she put me on hold but must have accidentally sent me to voice mail.  I left call back information, but have gotten no response.There are great alternatives on the market now to this monitor.  You take a gamble if you buy a Lorex product.  If you have an issue, you will have a hard time getting any help.  It was pretty disruptive for my kids to not be able to use the monitor to communicate with us like they were used to.  Knowing that is an issue, I'm surprised Lorex doesn't care more about taking care of their customers.The product when working probably merits 3 or 4 stars for its ease of use.  The customer service easily brings it down to 1.