I bought this haing read some of the reviews of success on Mac networks. The camera works as advertised.  I eventually set it up on my network successfully - I thought I would add a few things I learned.The setup is straightforward.  You do not need the disc that comes with it or a Windows computer.  You plug the camera into the ethernet of the router with the switch on the camera on 'wired'.You have to find the IP address of the camera.  Click on the apple in the top right of your screen>About this Mac>More Info..>Network  Now scroll down to DNS:Server address.  (Mine is 10.0.1.1)  The address of the camera will change the last number to 253.  So for mine, it is 10.0.1.253  -  Now type [...] into your browser and you should find the camera.  If you have other cameras on the network, the last number might be lower (252, 251, etc).So you set up the camera - give it a name and password.  You have to type in the SSID of your wireless network.  This is the name you see when you get on the network on a laptop or your phone.  It must typed in exactly.  Then you have to pick the encryption type - I choose "WPA2-PSK(AES)".  This is where I got hung up.I use an Airport Extreme.  If you do - open Airport Utility, click Manual Setup>Wireless.  I had the Wireless Security set on "WPA/WPA2 Personal" (which Apple recommends).  This would not let the camera connect, though.  So I changed the wireless security to "WPA2 Personal."  And then hit 'Update'.  For whatever reason, this did the trick, and the camera connected.After these settings, you unplug the camera, disconnect the ethernet cable from it, and switch the camera to 'wireless' - then plug it back in.  With any luck, you can connect your browser to the address you used for it when it was wired.I have not configured the camera to connect to the internet yet.  It sounds like it might be a little more involved with the Airport Extreme settings, but if I get bored, I'll try that.I do not get sound from the camera using the Macs - I don't care, but you might.  I think you have to run Windows to get sound - for the ActiveX plugin.Good Luck