I have several D-Link products and have liked all of them.  And I like this camera, however I have been unable to get it to work reliably on my wireless network (FIOS w/Verizon-supplied ActionTech router).Following the manual and set up wizard, I configured the DCS-5020L device.  I also upgraded the firmware.  Everything works fine when I am hardwired on an Ethernet cable, but if I unplug it and attempt to go wireless, I can establish a connection.  I have reset the device, tried very basic network settings on the router, to no avail.  I am still researching this on the D-Link support site and will update the review accordingly.What's in the box?  The camera, AC adapter, manual, Ethernet cable, and wall/ceiling mounting bracket and connector.PROs:* Good display in lighted situations.* Exceptional display in complete darkness.* Configuration steps are simple.* Interface is easy to use on a PC or Mac.* Audio is a nice feature.  Conversations, etc. are clear.  Sound is decent, not too "hissy" when room is silent.* D-Link  security application is free and fairly full-featured.* Sound and motion detection.* Camera also has a WiFi repeater (N 300MBps)* Video and audio can be independently enabled.CONs:* Apparent wifi issues with some networks/routers.* Panning needs refinement in the application so you can pan and move camera by holding, rather than clicking, directional icons.* Digital Zoom only.* MyLink app to access camera presently does not support iPad.* Lack of remote/auto focus.  Focus ring is manual on the camera.* Lights on front and IR lamps around lens can make camera conspicuous in some settings.Overall, I like the camera and it is a decent value.  I have seen other reviews where the device seems to be working wirelessly, so I will continue to look into a compatibility issue, etc. with my equipment.I tested the device and app on Windows 7 64 bit, 32 bit, XP and Mac 10.8, 10.7 and 10.6.  It functions as advertised.  The application has many features, and you can adjust lighting/color saturation, and set up e-mail alerts, and so on.The repeater is a nice feature, if you want to piggy back other wireless devices, or additional cameras through the first one.If I can determine the wifi issue on mine, I would rate this a strong 3, probably a 4.  But for now, a wifi camera which needs to stay hardwired makes the DCS-5020L a `2'.