Bought this for my dad's business, and set it up for myself to test first.  He wanted wireless cameras for easier installation.Setup is rather simple.  I was a bit surprised that the Lorex comes with its own two wireless bridges/routers, connecting two cameras each.  This means you don't control the connection.  I also don't like that you can't turn off the infrared night vision, which can hinder usage through windows.  (Though these are intended as outdoor cameras.)  Resolution is good.  Global access is very convenient.HINT: LorexDDNS.net, which allows you to connect to your camera DVR over the Web from anywhere in the world, probably won't work inside your own LAN network and/or behind your home router.  Use a VPN service, another location, or an LTE connection to test it.As for wireless hurdles, the reviews are correct -- initially, it absolutely strangled my household wireless network.  Since it uses its own routers, this is interference, not bandwidth usage.  You also can't manage or QoS-limit the traffic like you would a game or HD media stream or other wireless application.  However, I solved this considerable problem by adjusting my wireless architecture as follows:My equipment is a Netgear WNDR4000 Dual Band Wireless Router.  Before, I was using it as a wireless bridge/repeater to my base wired router (same model).  Instead I attached it directly to the network via wired switch and set it up as an access point.  I think the key here is the 4000's dual-band capability.  I set up both bands as NG-Mixed.  Since Lorex said their wireless uses 802.11G channel 14, I set the first band on Channel 1 20 MHz channel width, and band two on Auto with Auto channel width.  Both are set up as Bridged.  Apparently this lets all our devices connect fine with Wireless N.  I have plenty of wireless experience, but would not consider myself a networking genius.  However, I do know that setting up N-Only on 5GhZ (my first instinctive solution) did not work, because nothing would connect.  After lots of trial and error, this is the setup that allows your wireless network to function alongside the Lorex.