The D-Link Wireless camera has a lot of promise. It claims compatibility with both Windows and Macintosh as well as access via Android and iOS devices with both free and paid apps.The camera was relatively simple to connect to the network with the provided cable and the instructions were reasonably easy to follow even for those without a great deal of expertise.Some devices offer a wireless setup mode where the device acts as an access point and you do the initial setup that way. The D-Link Wireless camera requires a wired connection to a router before you can do any configuration. That's not a horrible pain, but it's still inconvenient. Once the setup is completed and the camera has attached to the wireless network, you're told to disconnect the wired connection. I choose to sign up for the MyDlink "Cloud" management, and after creating an account and verifying my email address, I tried to connect with my Chrome browser on my Mac laptop running Mountain Lion. Apparently, the D-Link applet doesn't like the version of Java on Chrome. They suggest removing version 7 and reverting to the old and peril-ridden version 6 (which is NOT going to happen here).Next I tried Safari which just didn't work. The web site suggested downloading the latest 7u25 JRE, but since it was already installed things weren't ever going to be right.Next I tried Firefox and was finally able to connect. Before I could do anything, I was told to update the firmware which is just fine with me, but I had to reconnect the camera with the ethernet cable again. After climbing back up on a chair so I could wire up the camera again, I finally managed to get the firmware connected and was able to see an image.Visually, the camera is pretty good. It's not super high res, but has a good enough image to see what's going on in the area. The directional controls seemed to be a bit laggy, but I was able to steer around the room with no problems with both the browser and the free iPhone app.Infrared mode was pretty good. The camera has an array of 10 infrared LEDs arranged around the lens and they do a pretty good job lighting up a room. The LEDs emit a visible, but dull red light but they're not obnoxious.Overall, the camera is pretty good, and the setup is easy to do except for the issues with Chrome and Safari browsers.I'm not sure if I like a camera that's connected to the 'cloud' seeing and listening to what's going on in my home, so I'll limit it to outdoor views only.