My Swann SWDVK 825508 8-Channel Digital Video Recorder with Smartphone Viewing and 8 x PRO-550 Cameras arrived Wed. afternoon. On Thursday morning I plugged in the DVR, connected it to a TV, plugged in two cameras and Presto! It worked right out of the box. Next issue-updating the firmware for the DVR. It doesn't get much easier than this friends, other reviews stated the system was not compatible with Mac's and Safari; au contraire Watson, I phoned Swann customer service, 3 minutes later a tech took control of my MacBook Air, downloaded the firmware to a flash drive which I used to update the DVR and that phase was complete. I have a large home and had anticipated the need for extension video cables which was necessary. The (4) 150ft extenders available on Amazon were great but you need to purchase BNC female to female coupler adapters to work with the Swann cables. Radio Shack has them. My installation guys completed the cabling by Thursday afternoon and I was fully operational when they left. I have 4 cameras installed and they work flawlessly. The infrared is just terrific at night. The DVR is so easy to operate, search for footage by movement tags is simple and efficient. This system is way better than I expected for the money. Friday morning I phoned Swann Support to setup remote access-IT DOESN'T GET ANY EASIER THAN THIS. The tech took control of my computer, accessed my router, downloaded firmware updates to the Netgear router, configured it, walked me though the DVR configuration and in 5-7 minutes I had remote access on my laptop and the IP address for my iPhone once I download the App for phone viewing.  I don't understand the negative reviews on Swann Support; my experience with them rates a 10 in every way. I'm off to Hawaii tomorrow and can monitor my home inside and out from 3000 miles away.  I purchase a lot of things online and this Swann System is everything I could have hoped for. The cameras are not HD, but the images are crisp, in color and amazingly clear in infrared. I'm guessing do-it-yourselfers can do the cabling themselves if they have the time, the system setup is very simple. The hard part is deciding where to place the cameras and how you're going to string video and power cable to those locations. I highly recommend this system to anyone whether they need security surveillance, monitoring of elderly parents or young children or keeping track of your dogs and cats.Update: The remote monitoring works perfectly. On vacation and able to view live footage from all cameras on my laptop. Playback of individual or all cameras hour by hour. This is pretty sweet.