I have already purchased 2 indoor and 9 outdoor Logitech Alert cameras to keep an eye on the house. Created 2 site profiles (indoor and outdoor) to view the 11 cameras.  Since I was extremely pleased with the IR "night vision" capabilities of the outdoor camera, 3 of the outdoor cameras are installed indoors to capture things that may bump in the dark.  Only cautionary note - the Alert system will only support up to 6 cameras to a single site profile that is registered to a single computer designated to download the recordings from the microSD card located in the camera.  Did I say that one really does not need to have a computer to record the video?  The 2Gb microSD card in the camera will perform all the necessary recordings and once full, it will override on a FIFO (first in first out) basis.  You can also upgrade up to 16Gb of microSD card capacity for longer record times.  Turning on your computer will provide the convenience of online live viewing and at the same time, downloading the data in the microSD card to that computer.All the cameras are connected via 3 TrendNet PoE switches which have been tested to support up to 4 cameras with no drop in power or video quality. The Alert Commander software is still in its infancy (sufficient for me) and I am certain Logitech will provide improvements in the future including the ability to customize an alert schedule instead of a simple turn on/turn off mode.  The motion sensor is still being tested for its sensitivity and reliability but the ability to create zones of the viewing area is a nice touch.  Audio feature is also nice but not available with the iPhone/Android viewing.Love the ability to view over the web as well as with the Android app on my smartphone.  For longer viewing time over the web or on your mobile (Android, iPhone and soon to be released Blackberry), one can subscribed to the $79 annual fee.  Otherwise, one needs to click on the refresh button every 90 seconds to continue viewing remotely.  Both web access and smartphone access can view both my site profiles with a click of a button.  Very clear (not clear to view the license plate as advertised by Logitech) when using the Alert Commander software on the computer.Overall, very pleased with this out the door solution after researching multiple vendor surveillance websites as this solution takes advantage of my home's existing Ethernet network.