I ordered four cameras to use with a four channel DVR that I had sitting on the self, so could not pass on the price when I saw them.  I noticed in other reviews that the little black dots are nothing but plugs and had no function (possibly for IR LEDs for another model).  Upon opening the boxes, I noticed that the cameras do have IR LEDs installed.  I checked the model marked on the box and they are the same model as ordered.  So, I guess this is a bonus for me.  Maybe all newer models ship with the IR's.  The camera specs state that the camera is powered by 12VDC, however all the units I received have 9VDC adapters included.  I guess this should be okay, as the cameras most likely regulate this source voltage down to on lower internal working voltage, i.e. 5VDC or the like.  A spec sheet is included.  As others had noted, there is no mounting screw, just a tilting base mounted to the camera with three holes for screws, etc.  I tested one camera directly connected to a monitor and was satisfied with the picture.  The camera can be focused by turning the lens, screwing it in or out.  There is a lens cap that you will need to remove (if it doesn't fall off anyway).  I tested the camera by placing it in a parts storage room and have good results.  The bonus IR LED's might as well be little black do nothing dots.  The IR does work, but the subject need to be pretty darn close.  Don't expect to have night vision here, but as with any CCTV camera you can always add an IR flood light.  There was one reviewer that said he/she had ordered three or four cameras and one was bad out of the box.  I have not tested all four yet but the two I have tested are okay.  I will do an update if I find any issues later.  I gave the camera 4 out of 5 only because the cameras shipped with a power adapter that is not what the specs called for as well as the spec sheets are a little confusing (there are two image device models available - 1/4" CCD or 1/3" CMOS, but there is no indication which the camera has). - Rick