I don't own this cam, but I see a lot wrong with the concept and the price.I cringe at the thought of using IR lights on a sleeping baby.  Calling a cam a "baby cam" that uses IR is crazy to me.  I myself have used an IP cam with IR light and it nearly blinded me at a range of about 6 feet before I realized it can harm you, thankfully I recovered.  You see, the problem is the light is very bright, but you can't see it with your eyes, the human eye doesn't respond and thus doesn't normally contract and defend itself.  You don't realize you should close your eyes, put your hands over your eyes or turn away as you normally would with visible light that is bright and shining in your eyes.Some may want to argue this point, but I say if there's even a chance of hurting your baby or anyone else it's not worth it.  Save IR for outside surveillance.  Test it on yourself, about the same distance you want it at night with the IR lights on and look into it for 15 minutes and see how you feel.  Keep in mind you'll have it aimed at or near your baby all night every night.I would recommend getting a good low light cam without IR, maybe put a night light on near the baby.  Low, ambient light with a good, low-cost cam is what I would buy myself.I have looked at dozens of different brands and IP cams.  The best one I found with a decent picture and good viewing angle is the Edimax 3115 usually around $60-70, but sometimes they will go on sale for $40-50.  It doesn't have h.264 tho, and no IR (which is good for a baby cam), but the picture quality is great with enough light, 74 degree viewing angle, 1.3 megapixel image, and it's wireless N which is what you want unless you're doing some fancy POE setup.Here's a list of things you want in a good IP cam:- H.264 (unless you use software like Blue Iris to do it for you on your computer)- Viewing angle of 70 or greater- Megapixel sensor (makes a huge difference in image quality)- Wireless N or POE for ethernet runsRight now you can get cams with all of that in the $100-150 range.  There are some new ones coming out later this year and next year that should bring down the price and increase quality with all of those features.The cams usually come with basic software that may be enough for you, but if you want the best get Blue Iris (can be found on discount at Eb**).