I read all of the Amazon reviews before purchasing this product.  Some I agreed with, some I didn't understand at all.  I'm a new father with a 3-month-old child.  Overall, I am happy I bought this monitor.  However, it has a number of minor flaws that you should be aware of.First, I should point out the good:- Night vision is EXCELLENT.  It looks like a bright spotlight is being shined on the baby and his surroundings, but in reality the baby is in a pitch dark room!  I was very impressed with this!  No way that night vision could possibly be any better on any competing monitor.  Furthermore, it does a great job automatically determining the need for the night vision, and quickly swapping between the regular camera mode and the infrared/night one.- Portability is excellent.  It's easy to carry around in your pocket.  Range is reasonable.  My house is well over 4000 square feet and, despite having "0 bars" of signal in some rooms, the picture and audio never cut out.- You have the ability to add additional cameras.  They are pricey at $80/each, and I am confused how a seemingly identical product is sold at Costco (same Lorex manufacturer) with 2 cameras included, for nearly the same price.  Anyway, I still like the capability to switch between cameras at the touch of a button, or to see several on a split-screen.The bad:- It interferes with wireless internet!!!  This is really frustrating.  If the handheld unit is anywhere near your laptop, it will either slow down your internet connection or kill it completely -- at least until you shut the unit off.- The VOX feature does not work.- The device emits a high-pitched hum.  This isn't terrible, but it can get annoying if on the upper two volume settings, especially if trying to sleep.- The snapshot thing is a fun toy, but not useful to take pictures that you'd really want to send anyone.  The resolution is poor.OVERALL:  I like the product and it serves its purpose.  I just wish they would have fixed these annoying bugs before releasing it.