As a college student living in a college town apartment complex with a fiance who is gone the majority of the week for work this alarm system allows me to sleep peacefully at night.  As a worrier who is 26 years old I have read one too many accounts of terrible incidents occurring at night.  I am attending a college in the heart of the Midwest and my apartment building is well lit and closer to cornfields than anything anyone would consider a threat.  However, with college gearing up, kids getting rowdy, and a sea of unidentifiable people; one never knows what might happen...better safe than sorry.  This system provided three alerts for windows (of which I have three) and while the alarm sounding is softer than the main sounding you will hear on the door it is more than sufficient for my space.  There is no possible way I would not hear any one of the three if they were triggered.  The alarm sounding on the door is just plain loud...I suspect it would wake the entire apartment complex were it triggered.  There are two setting on the door alarm one is HOME...it is what I set in the evenings before heading to bed.  In the HOME mode the alarm will sound if the door is opened 1/2 inch and it will continue to sound until the door is closed or the code is entered.  The other mode the door offers is the AWAY mode...this is what I set when leaving.  In AWAY mode once door is opened one has 30 seconds to disarm the system before the alarm sounds.  Alarm can only be turned off when code is entered.  The window alarms have a CHIME or ALARM setting on them.  When switched to ALARM the alarm will sound when the window is opened 1/2 inch and continue sounding until the window is closed.  This systems primary function is to act as a deterrent for an intruder.  I would say that 99 out of 100 times the system will do its job at deterring crime.  However, if an intruder is determined or has the knowledge of the system they will know that in HOME mode the alram will cease to sound once the door is closed again...just as the windows will cease when they are once again closed.  In such a case I would argue that the system still buys one precious seconds they need to telephone for help...nothing is perfect.  I would reccommend this system to any young girl living on their own or any parent looking to keep their children safe away from home.