Okay, I thought this system was a great deal at around $200, considering an identically-spec'd Swann system was selling for 3x the price locally.  Wow, was I wrong.  The Defender SN301-8CH comes with the cheapest cameras I've ever seen.  The anti-glare shroud doesn't slide into grooves in the camera body like on most other security cameras.  It's just a friction fit.  Of course, the 480 TV lines make for a somewhat low-res image, but even the similar systems that come with higher-res 550 TVL or 600 TVL cameras can only record 480 TVL.  But if those were the only issues, I'd just stick the four included cameras in less important places and buy some better cameras to cover the more important areas.The biggest flaw in this system is that it can't record D1 resolution (704x480) at 30 FPS (frames per second) on more than one camera at a time.  Although Defender advertises the system as being capable of 240 FPS (which is 8 cameras @ 30 FPS), that's only for CIF resolution (352x288), or 1/4 D1.  If you want D1 resolution, you can only record 60 FPS (240/4) across all your cameras.  That means you get 1 camera at 30 FPS, and you have to split the remaining 30 FPS across the other 7 channels.Unfortunately, most of the other issues present in this system have to do with the crappy firmware which is common to all of the lower-end DVR systems, whether you buy Defender, Swann, or some other name-brand or off-brand.  In case you didn't catch that they all use basically the same firmware--the only significant difference is the branding.  If you want to buy a junk system, this one is better than the off-brand one I bought several years ago, but that's not saying much.  I think anyone would be much better served by a few WiFi IP cameras, a PC, and whatever DVR software you're comfortable with--whether it's ZoneMinder (Linux) or any of the dozens of Windwos DVR programs.  In a pinch, you can even turn an old Android phone into an IP camera with battery backup by installing the IP Webcam app.