These entry level DIY DVRs are a dime a dozen, there are many out there to choose from. After my SVAT DVR died, after 4 years, I decided to replace it with something affordable.  My SVAT DVR was not the easiest to set up, especially when it came to remote access which I eventually gave up on.  The Q-See was easier to set up and I can now monitor my home from work or any Windows computer via Internet Explorer.  The more I probe into the software, the more cool surprises I find.  For example, cameras can be individually adjusted for color, brightness etc.  It can email me if it picks up a motion event if I choose to set it.  But my favorite feature is being able to program the cameras to block out sections of the camera viewing area that can trigger unnecessary motion.  For example a bush that moves easily in the wind can be blocked out so the camera won't pick up it's motion and unnecessarily record it.  In that setting, a grid system appears across the entire viewing area and you simply click on the squares you don't want the camera to detect, it's simple and it works.  Q-See's customer service is pretty good as well.  They were able to help me set up remote access and port forwarding on my house router.It comes with a fully functional remote that you can use for monitoring and playing back footage.  The mouse is good as well but limited by it's cord length (approx. 5ft?).  A wireless mouse would have made this system awesome.  And "No" you can't use a wireless mouse from your PC, it didn't work when I tried it.....bummer.In the future, I hope to see DVRs that use solid state drives over the old school motorized hard drives.  In my opinion, solid state drives are more reliable and long lasting.  These DVRs are on all the time so their shelf life is limited in my opinion.Initially I was going to buy another SVAT DVR when the company offered me a substantial discount.  With the discount, that system would have still cost over $200.  I am so glad I went with the Q-See.  This was a much better value at the Amazon price.  Very pleased with this DVR.