I have had this unit for 5 days now and working well.  Was very easy to set up and the camera was instantly recognized.  Once after a PC reboot it took 2 tries to find the camera.  I have not yet tried to use the IPhone app or the paid web service.The zoom and selected zoomed area as well as zones to trigger motion recording are adjustable while watching the live feed.  I have not determined a way to zoom in or out during playback of recordings.  The alert settings are convienient to allow a longer period of motion to trigger the email alert than the recording or desktop alert.My only slight disapointments are:-The flashing red light on the front of the camera.  I expect required, however I have this mounted on the inside of the window facing out, so in lower light the red light reflects off the glass (I know this camera does not have night vision but it faces outside to a lit patio).  Easily solved however.-After motion is detected then the recording starts not capturing the first several seconds.  It may take a couple seconds to sense motion but the recording doesnt go back "retroactive" to the start of the motion.  While I expect that would require some type of memory buffer, it would help to see what triggered the motion (ie a animal or bird) as well as record an additional couple seconds of any real security event.-requirement to pay for the full remote service.  the free service only allows you to see current streaming and not recorded video.  If you receive an email alert you woud likely need to go back and see the recording by the time you logged in.  With the cost of the starter kit and additional cameras ideally this would have been included.9/4 Update = Have since aquired an iPhone and downloaded mobile commander application (still under trial subscription).  Worked partially, sometimes would give error message indicating could not connect, then whould show image anyway.  Sometimes woudl not show image (iphone was connected to internet via WiFi not Cellular / #3G).  This was aftr a software and camera update was pushed on 9/3 which in  the email notice indicated was to resolve issues with remote viewing (which does not seem to be fully resolved).  Would suggest hold offf on paying for the paid mobile commander until Logitech seems to have better resolved.