Like another reviewer, I'm very technical, but it still took a little while to figure this thing out. It took a little forum surfing. I never bothered with the provided software because I bought this camera for use with zoneminder. First thing to do is connect it with an ethernet cable. Check your router to see what IP address your DHCP server (typically a router function) gave to the camera. Go to that address in your PC browser. Login to the camera with push mode (not ActiveX). Login with userid admin (no password).Assuming you want to run this thing wirelessly, go to the wireless lan setting section and scan twice (yes twice) for available networks. When you see yours, click on it to auto-fill the fields. Type in your key and click submit. While the camera is resetting, unplug the ethernet cable from the camera. Roughly 30 seconds later, the camera will have requested and received a new (and different) IP address from your router/DHCP-sever. Find that new address from your router interface and go to it in your browser to make sure it works. Now you can (finally) reserve that IP address in your router DHCP section so that whenever the camera (after being power cycled) requests a new IP address, the router will always give it the same one (based on the mac address). You can only do that AFTER you switch to wireless mode. If you do it before (while you are hard-wired), you will never get wireless to work. You will want to "DHCP-reserve" the IP address so that you can port-forward to it from the outside. Otherwise the camera IP address might move on you if you take a power hit (making port-forwarding dicey).As far as image goes, it's great - both daytime and nightime. (Much better than the D-Link DCS-930L simply because of better optics - The DCS-930L is indoor only and is much smaller though). The image is fixed and a bit zoomed, but that might be perfect for your application. You can replace the lens (saw it done in a youtube video) if you want a more fisheye effect. As I mentioned above, I have no idea how good the supplied software is since I don't use it. Zoneminder does all my motion detection and notification for me.If you're serious about monitoring, you should get a couple of UPSs to keep your PC and cameras running in case of power glitches. Of course, a generator will be necessary for more than about 30 minutes of power outage.