The engineers at Logitech are simply incredible.  Last Christmas my son gave me one of their Harmony Programmable TV/Audio controllers, and for the first time in recorded history I only had one remote at my favorite chair instead of the five previously necessary.  Even better, Logitech supports their Magic Controllers by connecting them thru your PC to their web site where the latest (and oldest) control command data is stored.  Definitely a 5* device, altho it did take me most of a day to finally get all the kinks worked out.  It was all pilot error although.I have virtually the same praise for the Logitech Alert 750i Master Security system.  It only took me about an hour to get it up and running and most of that was spent trying to figure out which CAT 5 cable I could unplug from my overburdened router to make room for the Security system device.The system consists of a remote camera and a power supply/network adapter.  It is almost totally wireless as the unit uses the wiring in your house to carry the camera data to your PC.  The only problem with getting up and running, was that the installation software called home to Logitech and downloaded a newer version of the software.  Completely painless to me except it required me to find a metal paper clip to unbend and reset the camera once.But now I can sit here at my desk and monitor both video and audio anywhere I put the camera.  Not only can I sit at my desk, I can log on to a Logitech website, provided a user name and password, and monitor my camera from afar.  Not only is the video data logged to a file on my PC, and internal micro SD chip.This is a great thing that simplifies installation of video monitoring systems.  Logitech's instructions come on a giant sheet of paper, and there is no manual provided unfortunately.  But, you will not need further instruction as the installation procedures show you exactly what and how to do it.I wished they also sold additives to the system that would detect door openings etc; however, with just a moment's thought I realized that the built in motion detector provided exactly that capability.  As you can tell I am really stoked n this product and enthusiastically recommend it to all.  More neat stuff from Logitech!