I already own an audio monitor (NTM-910YLW - Sony Baby Call Nursery Monitor), which I love, but now that my son is more mobile and sleeping through the night, I wanted the peace of mind of being able to see what he's doing in his crib without having to go in there and potentially wake him.For me, this is almost the perfect baby monitor.  Here's what I like:*Easy set up - Plug it in, turn it on, and you are good to go.  The camera unit also mounts easily to the wall, which is great if you're looking for a "bird's eye" view of your baby in the crib.*Decent image - The image is clear enough and refreshes often enough that I can actually see my son breathing, even in night vision mode.*You can mute the sound while leaving the video on - My kid is old enough now that I don't want to hear every breath, grunt or roll.  I like that I can leave the video on at night without having to listen to every little thing going on in there.  Surprisingly, a lot of the video monitors that I looked at do not have a video on/sound off feature.*Excellent value - Seriously.  For $99, I'm really impressed.Here's what I don't like:*The monitor totally interferes with my WiFi signal - I generally find that if I want to use wireless, I have to turn the monitor off. This isn't a big issue for me; I generally just turn the monitor on as my son is falling asleep, if I start to hear him fussing, or before I go to bed to see that he's doing okay.  But if I wanted to leave the monitor on continuously while he slept, especially for naps during the day, the WiFi interference would drive me crazy.*The parent unit doesn't stand well - For $99, I didn't expect super high quality plastic or design, but it bugs me that the parent unit does not stand well at all.  I'm constantly knocking it over (especially at night, when I'm bleary eyed and reaching for the monitor), and it's fallen over spontaneously a few times.  Not a deal breaker, but annoying nonetheless.*The VOX feature comes on automatically each time you turn the monitor on - This is really just a small nit (and likely individual to my preferences), but I wish I could just change the default to leave the VOX feature off.  Every time I turn the monitor on (which, because of the WiFi interference, is often), I have to toggle the VOX feature off.On the whole, I'd recommend this monitor to someone who is looking for a budget video monitor, but beware of the WiFi issues.