I bought these modulators based on the good reviews here.  The first one was to replace an existing modulator that I had that stopped working.From some of the reviews it's clear that some people are confused about what a cable video modulator is or does (but admittedly the title of this item "...RF Signal Modulator..." is misleading).Cable video modulators are fed a composite video source and are connected to the coaxial cable of an existing cable TV system.  The modulator is then set to modulate the composite input video onto a cable channel that you can tune in on any TV hooked to the cable system.  In other words, you create your own cable TV channel on your coaxial cable.I've run several different model digital video modulators for years (including Netmedia Triple Play modulators and Sunrise agile modulators to name just a couple I have in service currently).  I use them to broadcast security cameras and DVRs that are located in different buildings on my property over my cable so I can watch the cameras on any of my TVs.So I'm already modulating several different channels on the system that I'm adding the Nyrius modulators to.I was attracted by the price of these modulators - they're half the price of other name-brand (i.e. Channel Plus and Netmedia) single channel modulators.The first thing I noticed about the Nyrius modulator is that it doesn't seem to have a very strong signal output.  That means they require an amplifier on the output for them to work on my system at all.  (That may be due in part to the other video channels I'm modulating on that cable too - I don't know.)After initially buying one of these modulators and using it, I later bought two more and put one of them into use (with an amplifier on the output).However, not long after hooking up the second modulator I found that the signal output would periodically degrade to the point of being un-viewable.  I ran it for a while before swapping it with the third.  When that worked OK I returned the other modulator as defective.  But within a week the other modulator was manifesting the same problem.  Unfortunately by that time my 30 days to return the item had come and gone, so I was stuck with it.The first modulator is still running OK (with its weak signal output however).  But that means that 2 out of 3 modulators I got were apparently defective.Maybe I was just unlucky, or maybe these modulators aren't compatible with the other modulators I've got running on my coax, but based on the weak signal and modulation problems I experienced I can't recommend these modulators, despite the price.