I am first time buyer of such equipment but I wanted a system using network cables and POE to avoid having to provide power to the cameras and the BNC connections.Positive Comments. I like the image quality of the cameras. The 6mm focal point has a narrow field of view (around 45 deg) which is somewhat smaller that I wanted. But cameras look sturdy and well made. I have also been quite happy with the technical support by phone and e-mail. They were quite knowledgeable and responsive and helped me with my frustrations in setting up the system and accomplish remote viewing. The manuals were very well written and instructive but there were a few critical details that were missing that I managed to resolve them the hard way.Negative Comments: The setting up of the system proved to be quite a burden. Not being familiar with all the intricacies of setting up networks and also having a U-verse (AT&T;) router (for which they provide separate instructions) I had quite a task, which resulted in several times locking my system and asking for a password reset (All these after I had an "expert" making quite a few correct settings but also not being familiar with Q-see equipment making a few errors as well. I also found that the screws for supporting the cameras under par, and I needed to find more appropriate screws for a sturdy support. I also purchased a fifth dome camera (QCN7002D) that claimed to have date/night vision that shows no image with no light at night since it has no IR leds. Also the NVR makes some noise (as other DVRs of this type) that I had to move it to a location away from my work area.Overall, I learned quite a few things from this experience and although I am not totally happy with my choice I am also not totally disappointed. I may have to add a few more cameras for more complete surveillance but at the moment I am hesitant to add cameras to the system from other manufacturers. I may add to these comments at a later time as I gain familiarity and experience in the use of the system. I do not how the software from other companies work but the Q-see seem to work quite well when everything is set up correctly but it was quite an effort on my part to make the correct settings. However, the iphone and ipad connections worked much better than other remote connections.