This is a home security camera system which is easy enough for an average person with a few tools to install.  Included are: a monitoring station with a 7-inch diagonal color screen, one night-vision camera, a remote control (for the monitoring station) and mounting hardware.Note that this is an "active" infrared system, meaning that it requires infrared lighting to see in the dark.  Infrared lighting is provided on this camera by LED lamps surrounding the camera lens.Note:- Monitoring station and camera are powered by AC adapters (supplied).- Cameras may be connected by video cable or wireless.- This system includes an audio intercom function.- Video feed can be piped from the monitoring station to other devices (TV, etc.)- Monitoring station permits up to 4 cameras to be attached, and can roll through them or display a 2x2 matrix of images.Good:- Camera provides an image of sufficient quality for security purposes.  If someone you knew walked into the field of view, you would be able to recognize them.- Setting this system up was exceedingly easy.- Video recording to SD card is possible.  One SD card is included.- Night vision function works well.- Infrared lighting was more than ample to light subjects at the advertised 40 foot distance.- Wireless hook-up between monitoring station and camera is quick and, in my testing, automatic.  Note that the documentation indicates that it may be necessary to "sync" the devices, which should not be hard.- Wireless connection works well, even through approx. 100 feet of wooden-construction house.- Monitoring station is configured via a simple menu system.Bad:- Monitoring station's menu system could be more comprehensive.  (I would have liked to turn down the contrast in the daytime.)Pay Attention:- The camera housing is "water resistant", but not weather proof.  I imagine that a reasonably sheltered mounting location (inside a car port, underneath a deep roof overhang), should sufficiently protect the camera.  Just realize that it is not designed to sit out in the rain.- Daytime vision was nearly colorless in my experience.- Infrared LED lamps will create glare on windows and nearby objects, so window glass cannot be between the camera and its subject during infrared operation, and bushes, etc. should not be too near lamps or their "glow" will partially obscure the scene.Overall, I found this to be a good quality product, which was very easy to set up.  The camera provides a reasonable viewing angle and depth of focus for security purposes.  Using the system was also quite easy.  Assuming you avoid the few potential "gotchas", this would be an easy way to set up video surveillance system for a home or small business.Privacy Note: One thing I was not able to determine was how hard it would be for anyone else to intercept the wireless video feed from these cameras.