Set-up is easy...took about 30 seconds.  In the box, you'll find:1 Camera (the box says this is model 203C 50mW NTSC)1 Wireless Receiver2 AC Power Adapters with 9V DC output (1 for camera, 1 for wireless receiver)1 A/V cable with a yellow and white RCA-type connector on each end1 Coaxial AntennaPicture quality is not poor, but I would rate it fair in daylight conditions with no cloud cover.  At night with a lamp in the living room, there is a picture, but it is difficult to distinguish facial features.  You do have to tune the receiver to get a picture.  Tuning is very touchy.  For most of the tuning range there is no video signal.  Once you find the video signal, my experience was that it was either perfect or not viewable at all.  There is no power switch on the receiver or the camera.  When they are plugged in, they are on.  There is a a red LED power indicator on the receiver, no indicator on the camera.Audio is 1-channel and the quality is average.  You need to be within about 5-10 feet to hear a normal conversation.There is no mount for the camera I received, so it didn't match the picture.  You will need to be duct-tape savvy or create some sort mount for this particular camera.  The box the camera came in has several pictures of cameras, none of which were the product inside the box.  The box has 23 check-boxes printed on it for what I think are 9 different camera models listed along with some other device types and specification options (power supplies, transmitters, receivers, 2.4G/NTSC/PAL).The AC adapters that came with the unit are identical for the camera and the receiver.  They both have a 3-foot cord that attaches to the wall wart.  I find this to be too short for placing the camera anywhere and will look at a battery option.  The receiver says it will accept 9-12V for DC input.  The fine Chinese documentation (although better than some I have seen) lists the camera input as 8V.Given the exquisite Chinese craftsmanship, if you are looking for a high-quality camera, I would recommend you keep looking.  If you just need something to show you what is going on outside with an audio feed, this will work...as long as the camera is close to an outlet and you have your home-made mount available.