I'll start by saying, running the wires, and connecting the cameras was the easiest part.  It took two of us, approx. 1 1/2-2 hrs. total, to run the wires through the attic, and to install the 4 cameras inside and outside the house, hook up the cameras to the DVR, a TV monitor, and ensure everything was working correctly.The next step was a bit more difficult.  That involved connecting the system to my router, and getting connected on-line.  After several attempts, I contacted LaView Customer Service.  Jesus first started out by walking me through the steps involved.  When the connection still couldn't be made, he took control of my computer remotely, made the adjustments necessary, and was successful in getting everything up and running.  The result was, I could now monitor my security cameras remotely from my smart phone and computer, just as I could from home.  I am very satisfied with that part of the system.The part I've yet to be able to overcome, is the night camera issue I continue to experience.  Customer Service at LaView confirmed by viewing my cameras at night, they are not operating as they should.  They offered to exchange my cameras for a new set of 4 cameras, at no charge to me, because they stated my cameras seem to have a common problem, which some cameras from their vendor have had, involving the night vision lights, which don't adequately illuminate the area being monitored by the cameras.  I have yet to receive these cameras.  Subsequent attempts to contact LaView Customer Service regarding this issue, have only resulted in an e-mail, which informed me, they would send out new cameras, after I packaged the old cameras, and returned them, at my expense, to them.  This was not outlined to me, when they admitted these cameras were defective, and would be replaced, at no additional cost to me.This is also unacceptable to me, because it would leave me unprotected by security cameras, during the time I disconnect them, and send them back, and (hopefully) receive the new ones, as well as incurring additional expense to me, for improperly working cameras, which admittedly have a manufacturer defect..