I had been searching for a long time for better options to put in my baby's room to use as a baby monitor besides the audio only gadgets and the highly expensive video monitors which break down after only a few months use. I could've done what my ex SIL did by spending a fortune to have a security system installed in their home with a camera in the baby's room. But who wants to spent that kind of money?I came across the idea of using an IP camera specifically for this purpose. After looking to see what was cheap and available, I settled on the EasyN brand of cameras. I am not a computer novice by any means but neither am I a networking guru. I bought this brand because it was inexpensive, there was a ton of support available on their website and, if I failed at networking the camera myself, I had the option of paying an extra $29.00 for a networking pro to help me.I got the package, opened the box, started hooking up cable and gritted my teeth for what I thought was going to be at least a half day struggle because of all the reviews I had read about this camera. I was very pleasantly surprised. I had it done within the hour. And the only reason it took so long was because I read through all the tutorials on the EasyN website just to make sure I was getting it right the first time.The camera works perfectly! It pans and tilts and there is audio.  But what's not so great is the interference on the audio from my wireless network. I read that can be fixed by using a wired connection. But that wasn't an option for me as my baby's room is way down the hall from mine. The reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because of the GUI.  My opinion is it's just ok.  I've had it for a few weeks and still have not been able to figure out what some of the controls do nor is there documentation anywhere with instructions in english.  Because of that I only use it for administrative purposes now.  Instead, I use the camera wih Baby Monitor Foscam on all my I-devices.I am able to see my baby now from anywhere in the world that has an Internet connection. Not that I would ever use it in Timbuktu, but it's nice to be able to have that option. I am happy, my family is happy, and I even managed to impress the ex in-laws because now they can also see their grandchild from cross country anytime they want to.