The short version: The Logitech 700e/750e master security system is OK. I would recommend it to a friend due to the ease of set up. Everthing you need is in the box. Included software is adequate. The motion detection is too sensitive. Picture quality is merely OK. Ability to tune in to the camera on your phone/tablet sorta fun for a minute and makes physically adjusting the view of the camera from the top of a ladder easy.  Long version: The rating is mainly derived from the inability to truly adjust the motion sensitivity feature of the camera. *Edit/Update 12/9/13: The latest firmware update did improve the motion detection feature. The motion detection sensitivity slider found in the software settings actually has some purpose now.* While I'm using the camera with a power over ethernet injector, I did try the included electrical wiring data adapters and they worked well. The picture quality is OK I'm not blown away. I temper my thoughts concerning picture quality with the knowledge that I received an entire security camera solution in a box for about the same money as a semi-decent point and shoot digital camera. Installation of the software (software is windows PC only I believe) went fine and the software detected the camera straight off. After finalizing the hardware install and reconnecting the camera the software was unable to detect the camera but simply cycling power to the camera solved the issue. I you must do this, give the camera several minutes to boot. Ease of hardware install will vary of course. A drill motor/bits and screw drivers are all that were needed in my case. Keep in mind that using the included electrical wiring data/power adapters does not negate the need to run a cable to the exterior of your building if the camera will be used outside.Technically an external power outlet could be used with one of the included adapters but, I don't think that solution is viable for security concerns or the longevity of the adapter in most cases as the adapters do not appear to be weather proof. I hope this was helpful and thank you for reading.