I received this DVR and two cameras on Friday afternoon around 5:00. By 7:30 or 8:00 Friday evening I had the two new cameras installed and my existing cameras moved over and I was running through the installation instructions. To this point it was all plug and play and the DVR was relatively user friendly. I have multiple routers so I expected some difficulty with the networking portion of the installation and I got what I expected and then some. The customer support provided after business hours is really lacking if you have an existing system that you are trying to upgrade. For instance the instructions may tell you that in order to resolve a conflict you need to modify your router. After modifying your router as instructed and the problem still isn't fixed you are on your own. You can search "customer support" and sometimes you'll get lucky and find what you are looking for but usually you'll be misdirected to some unrelated information or a youtube sales video. At least the Q-See website is well setup and easy to navigate. Be warned, they have hot links in their instructions that will send you to sites for help that are not affiliated with them (as far as I can tell) in order to download additional software and tools. Be careful because you'll end up with more spyware and web toolbars than you can imagine. I spent hours deleting/uninstalling unwanted programs from my laptop alone.Also, once you have the system completely running (able to view in network/out of network and on your smartphones) be prepared for disappointment. I have had to uninstall and reinstall every program and app on every device and I feel extremely lucky if it works 1/2 the time. I don't recall my old system ever going down with the exception of large storms that would knock out power and internet access.This DVR does have some user friendly features and the amount of memory is great.I expect that I'll end up moving the cameras back to my old reliable system, reconfigure my routers and just cable over to this one for use as an additional external drive.