I have had the TLC200 for over a year and recently decided to upgrade to the Pro. The Pro is a substantially improved product and well worth the extra cost. Among the improvements:First and most important, greatly improved picture quality, especially in high-contrast and low-light shots. Naturally the quality is not what I get from my full-frame DSLR but for general use it is far more convenient. Also, I can mount the camera inconspicuously to watch tides, clouds or other events without worrying about damaging or losing a $4k DSLR or about having the 4-5,000 frames I typically shoot in a day eat into the expected 150,000 shot shutter life of my DSLR.Second, much faster response with the trigger button for stop-motion videos. The basic unit was painfully slow between shots but the Pro is snappy so now my daughter enjoys making stop-motion videos with it.Third, interchangeable lenses. Since I have a collection of old c-mount lenses, the standard mount interchangeable lens feature is great (and is also a great improvement for anyone who wants to mate the camera to a microscope or similar device). Also, the wider angle view with the default included lens is another welcome improvement.On the downside, the user interface is a tad clunky but sufficient once you get used to it. Some operations, especially switching into ready mode or ending a timelapse can at times be very slow leading you to wonder if you hit the button. Again, you get used to it and the camera spends most of its time sitting and shooting anyway.It seems that the exposure is adjusted on each shot or few shots so when light changes the overall scene can have an undesirable sudden shift in brightness. Same with the auto-white-balance. Usually this isn't a huge problem but it can sometimes rear it's head with passing clouds and the like. Setting manual white-balance helps and manual exposure might help but I haven't tried that, yet.The ability to use external USB power is nice but the time or two I have tried it the camera shuts off shooting when I plug in the cable. I need to test carefully to see if there is a way to have the USB simply take over from the battery when available without interrupting shooting. I don't yet know if that is possible.Finally, the camera is relatively simple to operate with a simple manual to match but it would be nice to have some more advanced information available for those who want it to improve their shots. For example, more detail on how the HDR and scene modes actually operate, what impact they have on battery life and how the various manual exposure controls work.