As this is a nonfunctional item (thus, it's effectiveness hinges upon a ruse, or a fake out as a potential behavior deterrent) it's a bit hard to give a typical rating. However, it does what it is supposed to: appears to be a video security camera, and the flashing red LED light is operational. It seems to be encouraging people to be on their best behavior and refraining from illegal activity (which is why we bought it) ... but I have to say SEEMS to: because it isn't really a video security camera, so I have to make an educated guess (not the camera's fault - obviously I couldn't afford the real thing, so this is the next best option).My one concern about this particular style of imitation security camera is that I've only really seen it as an imitation (i.e., on other internet sites, such as overstock.com crammed in with other "specials") and I am concerned many people can identify it as a fake on sight (in hindsight, perhaps I should have gone with a more tradtional model?). I need to check to see if there are any REAL security cameras that look like this type - and you should too before you decide not to buy it.It did come with a sticker warning of security video in progress, but we decided that was kind of cheesy to use with it (as it just screams: BLUFF!) so we didn't use it.For a fraction of the cost of a real video camera, this makes people second guess doing something lousy or illegal that they wouldn't want themselves recorded doing. I only wish I could be certain that this particular model has a real working counterpart out there, so as to not give the game away to those educated in such matters (my own fault: sorry) to be able to give a better review. But it looks real to me, the red LED light flashes as it should, it is easy to install & remove for battery changes - which I have not had to do yet (Bonus: it doesn't eat batteries!), and it does have a video sticker included if you wish to use it. It also arrived on time, and seemed brand new out of the box. The downside (other than already mentioned) is that it is all plastic, so with very close inspection it does look kind of cheap - but I don't think that most people will linger long enough to get a really good look at it to avoid being videotaped showing interest in it.All and all - it's worth it for the price (especially if you can't afford the real thing).