I got this item for my in-laws after they had someone try to get into their back yard, and another person hide in their garage when the cops were after them. The product is very easy to use and the install is very quick. Just clean the surface with rubbing alcohol, allow it to dry, apply double sided tape to product, double check alignment, and peel & stick each piece. The item is very loud and can easily be heard by the neighbors if you live in a subdivision. While installing the window sensors I tested the alignment a few times and the neighbor kept looking outside. This item is not a real alarm system but is perfect for making you feel better. As long as the alarm is set, they will go off whenever a window or door is open. This gives you a warning and a few extra seconds to call 911, get your gun, bat, knife, or pepper spray. For anyone other than a career criminal the item is loud enough to scare them off.As for the reviewers saying that the alarm doesn't go off for 30-45sec when the door is open needs to adjust the setting to HOME. When its set to home the alarm goes off the second the 1/2" gap is made. The AWAY mode is when you have 45 seconds to leave and 30 seconds to turn off the alarm when entering the house.I also ordered the door stop alarmsGE 50246 Smart Home Door Stop Alarm for them and those are extremely loud. With these 2 item and making sure they keep all doors, gates and windows locked they feel a lot safer. My in-laws are in their late 60's and still think that people are nice and honest like they used to be. They went from never locking anything and leaving doors and windows open all the time to locking everything. Most crimes are opportunity crimes, keep your doors, windows and gates locked. Don't leave your blinds open showing off your big screen tv, surround sound, gaming systems, computers, cameras, etc......Also do not allow door to door sales people in your home, many are felons and are scoping your place out. My in laws experienced this the day before someone tried to get into their back yard. A guy came by trying to sell a cleaning product and a little while later a lady came by trying to sell the same product. It was after my father in law left (no cars in driveway) and the lady pushed on the door when my mother in law said no and tried to shut the door. When I brought up the door to door sales people she mentioned this to me. She said the lady wanted to see what products my mother in law could use in her home. BS she was looking at what they could steal.Be Safe!!