I've owned this security system for a little over 6 months now, and couldn't be happier with it.  I waited until my family and I had a chance to put this thing through its paces until giving a review, as I feel too often people just throw out reviews right after opening the box, or after they couldn't figure something out and are looking for something/someone to blame, when in most instances it is probably their own misunderstanding.  With that being said I don't see how a security system could be anymore economical.  My wife and I had shopped around all the major "security stores", ADT, Brinks, and the like only to find outrageous prices and a possible messy/costly installation, not to mention the monthly fees.  After questioning one company as to why the ridiculous prices we were told "your basically paying for the sign in the yard."  After finding and buying the Fortress we were blown away at how much we got for the price, not to mention the 1st rate customer service and quality.  I installed and programmed this system throughout our entire home, and detached garage in about 2 hours.  It was one of those things  where when your finished in the back of your mind you are wondering what you did wrong because there is no way it should have been that easy.  The sensors all come pre-programmed, so its basically stick and play,  Adding additional sensors, programming the call feature, siren time, etc are all a breeze as well.  I will offer this bit of advice: immediately after opening the box, throw away the instructions, as they are obviously written by someone without a firm grasp of the English language, and you will be pulling your hair out trying to read them.  Instead head over to fortresssecuritystore.com and there you will find simple, easy to understand step by step videos, as well as a well detailed instruction manual.  We had one issue with the main panel going bad about 3 months in, I called the customer care line, and could not believe it when the # was actually the owner of the companies cell phone!  Try that with ADT!  It was on a Sunday evening, and explained my issue, and by Tuesday afternoon, I had a new panel at my front door, no charge whatsoever.  In this day in age, you can't put a price-tag on service like that.  This system does everything we need it to do. Its simple to use, reliable, and economical with no monthly fees.  I would highly recommend this system to anyone, and if your on the fence, I encourage you to pull the trigger on a Fortress!