I ordered this monitor specifically because of the following advertised features: "interference free reception, two way talk, remote music activation and sleep mode." These functions somewhat work but with lots of problems and at low quality.Let's take them one by one:1) Interference free reception: somewhat true. No interference most times, although not completely interference free. If you happen to be right next to a lot of electronic equipment (wi-fi router, tv, phones & others) you will have some interference.2) Two-way talk. It works but the baby can hear ONLY IF the volume on the camera is set at maximum or close to max. If volume on the camera is even a little lower than the max. level, the voice won't be loud enough (read: not audible at all) in the baby's room.3) Remote music activation - works, however the music and the lullabies are useless. The speaker quality on the camera/receiver in baby room is horrendous. VERY VERY BAD. It's like the first computer speakers from 20 yrs. ago, they buzz and the sound is metallic with white noise in the background. That is not baby-calming music, just the opposite. Also, be aware that the 4 lullabies are very short (about 1 minute each). The unit plays one and automatically jumps to the next, always in same order. You cannot program it to play one song only.8) Finally, the sleep mode. You can set the receiver to turn the video off after 1,2,5,15 minutes or never. The screen turns off automatically but the alarm that makes it turn back on  doesn't work properly, which makes this an UNRELIABLE monitor.Here's the biggest problems:The camera/transmitter has 2 buttons: volume and sensitivity. The volume controls the music and the incoming voice feature. Unless the volume is set at max., no music or voice comes out of the unit. The speakers on the camera are horrible making the quality of music and voice very bad. The sensitivity button controls how sensitive the receiver is, obviously. On the highest level of sensitivity, the parent unit triggers the alarm non-stop, even if there's absolutely no sound in the room. You need to lower the sensitivity significantly (more than half down) for the parent unit not to trigger the alarm every other second with no reason. However, when you decrease the sensitivity, the parent unit doesn't work reliably. Sometimes the alarm is triggered by low intensity sounds (ie, baby cooing), but about 2 in 3 times you need a really loud sound to trigger the alarm. Because the sensitivity level doesn't work properly, many times you'll end up with a screaming baby before the monitor actually triggers the alarm. So useless.