We upgraded our single camera monitor recently because we are expecting another baby soon.  Unfortunately when we were buying our first one this monitor was way too expensive.  However, we just got a great deal on Cyber Monday purchasing this monitor for less than our old one (without the extra camera).That being said, I LOVE this monitor.  Our previous monitor was a Lorex as well but this has improved many of it's flaws.What I love:  1. The VOX function, many monitors didn't have this function and I love that I don't have to hear constant static in the background.  We have a sound machine running and it only comes on when my child is actually talking or crying.  I also love that you can adjust the sensitivity, I have a feeling we will be making it more sensitive when there is a newborn sleeping in the nursery.  2. Clear picture even in night mode my sleeping child is easy to see.  Big improvement from older model.  3. Two-way communication.  I kind of made fun of this one, but I have to say when I am moving my just turned two-year-old into a big bed in a month, I can see this being a great feature if he wonders out of bed.  4. Split-screen to view both cameras at the same time.  5. No bright LED lights on the hand held.  This was a big issue with the older model as well.  6. Light weight hand held.  7. Easy set up.  8. Knowing it is secure.  9. Absolutely no feedback from cell phones or other wireless devices!What isn't so great:  1. It is hard to get the hand held just right into the cradle.  2. There is no way to set the hand held upright without cradle. However, I didn't love my last monitor's option either, I always felt like I was going to break it off and it wouldn't lay flat.  I think I would rather have this monitor that lays flat than one that can't stand unless you plug it in.  3. I think the camera function is kind of pointless.  I don't really know why you would want it but the camera isn't good enough for something like this anyway.Why we stuck with a Lorex: We loved the VOX feature. Secure monitors. No cell phone feedback.