First off, I think it is a good price versus performance product.  Getting a security system up and running for this amount of money is an amazing thing.Not that getting it up and running is that easy. The basic plug and play works, but beyond that, for example the Internet connections, alarms for motion, etc... Well, let's just say the instructions are appalling, the online help is no better, good luck getting through on the phone, and the user friendliness of the remote and mouse driven menu functions leaves something to be desired.  If you're a Mac user, the instructions on port forwarding are several OS versions old and no help if you're using anything recent.It took much longer than it should have, but I got it going.  Some observations:The cable ends will NOT fit through 1/2 inch electrical conduit.The "brain" that is, the DVR portion, appears to be a decent piece of equipment.The cameras are not that great.  They fall well short of the advertised night illumination range. WELL short. Daytime is OK, but difficult to achieve a natural and accurate colour representation.One camera was defective and I needed to return it. It costs $10 to send it to them, the camera is only worth $30. As a matter of fact I bought a different replacement camera from a different firm for $30 which has MUCH better picture quality than these cameras, even though it was also only $30.The number of false alarms on the motion detection is so high I can't really use the email warning feature. I get an email every 3 minutes if I turn it on, and there is nothing there. That despite setting the sensitivity down to the lowest setting. That was disappointing.  I don't know if it is flying insects that keep setting it off, but whatever the reason, that function is unusable. Maybe this works better for inside cameras, mine are all outside.It's neat being able to call up the camera pictures on my iPad or phone.  That works like a champ (after you solve the port forwarding problems, eg my ISP blocks port 80).So in sum, decent brain, cameras iffy and certainly not as good as the descriptions, and lots of self-help and googling required after the initial plug in the cameras phase.