We bought this to replace a Summer Infant monitor that was driving us crazy.  The SI monitor was constantly flickering in and out, and made it impossible to get a decent night sleep because of the noise associated with it.  We had this one floor away, but probably only 40-50 feet and it was still annoying, and anytime anyone stepped between the monitor and the camera it would flicker and hiss.This Lorex monitor is great for range, and doesn't have any of the flickering and hiss of the SI monitor.  Range has been exceptional for us.  I've taken the monitor everywhere in our house (~2500 sq feet) and have a crystal clear picture.  I even took it outside, and it reaches every corner of our yard (1/2 acre) without any degradation.The picture is very clear, both in light and night mode.  Here are some of the Pros/Cons:Pros:- Good picture quality- Great range (goes every where I'll ever need it to)- Monitor is portable- Has intercom feature to talk back to the room the camera is in.- Able to add additional cameras very easily (up to 4)- Temperature sensor is small, but nice feature, especially if you're on a different floor and temps fluctuate- Camera can take AA batteries (or rechargeable battery pack) if you need to put camera in a spot without power for a short period.  Note that the batteries or battery pack isn't included.Cons:- Lullaby feature is a little hokey (sound quality from camera is pretty poor), but I don't see us using that anyway- Using intercom feature requires holding monitor close to face, and pressing the talk button.  The microphone is very close to the "Talk" button, and you can put your thumb over it without realizing it- Internet viewing requires that the monitor be connected to your computer by USB, and works through Skype.  In an ideal world it would allow for wireless, remote viewing.Overall this does exactly what we needed it to do.  It's not perfect (from the cons above), but the things it doesn't do well are not things that we would use regularly anyway.