I purchased this item from Amazon.com and it is a great product.  It does what I wanted it to do.  Sometimes there will be a few lines on the screen when I have it hooked to my TV, but that is only when I get betweeen the camera and receiver.  It was easy to install right out of the box.  The color is good and the sound is good and it has a good picture over all.  I held the camera towards the parking lot from my 12th floor apartment and could see the parking lot very good and could see everything far in the distance.  This is a great product.  When I have my curtains shut you can't see the picture as good as when they are open or when I have a light on so it needs a little light for the picture, but this is expected.  I use the camera to film the door of my apartment.  I just turn it on and then put a tape in the VCR (anybody use a VCR anymore) that is built into my TV and set it to record.  When I come home I turn the camera off and rewind the tape and then fast foward through it and that way can tell if anybody been in my apartment when I was gone.  This little camera and receiver works good and I would say if you have a use for it go ahead and get it.  I believe you will be very satisfied.  I give it 4 stars just because of the reception when you walk betweeen the camera and receiver, but I have it set where I don't walk between them.  Haven't tried using it with the camera in one room and the receiver in another so I don't know how that works, but I read reviews before buying it and those people said it works good when you do.  I like it and think you will too if you get it.  I would also buy more products from Amazon because I got it when they said it would arrive and was able to track the product while it was being shipped.  Great product and a great company.  If you are thinking about getting this little camera and receiver I would say, go fo it.  I forgot.  When I got the camera I first hooked it to the peephole in my door and was able to see what was on the other side of the door.  This worked very good.  Could see it on the TV better than when I just look through the peephole with my eye.Terry