My wife and I read the negative reviews and the positive reviews (split about 50/50) and ended up taking a gamble on it for the $99 sale price that was offered via Amazon. We are pleasantly impressed after 3 weeks of use.Our goals in buying a baby monitor for "surprise! number three" were very simple:*Able to talk to Baby through the receiver*Rechargeable*Easy to move/travel with both base and receiver (with grandparents on both coasts we travel a lot)*Video in color*Current technology, but not looking for the most advanced tech gadget availableThe Lorex was all that and more we found out that we could add up to 4 more video monitors to it so that if we wanted to keep the cameras in multiple rooms we didn't have to move them around. Wouldn't be much of an issue at first as baby is either with us or in the bassinet. However once the crawling starts, it will be nice to add a few cameras to keep an immediate eye without always running around after.The receiver is like a cell phone in look and in feel. Yes, its light and I consider that a plus and not a minus as its very easy to carry around in your pocket. The sound quality is good and the video quality is slightly better than most security cameras. The color makes it easier to watch too. I haven't used the picture taking function on it yet, but I can't imagine its going to be great, as I said its just like a security camera, but I'll post another time if it actually works better. The nighttime vision is a great feature and has saved us from running up the stairs a few times already. With all the worries that we have even though this is number three, its nice not to stress out everytime baby cries because we can just take a look on the Lorex.Suggestions for future editions:A kickstand - when you're doing anything involving your hands and you want to take a quick look, you can't just peek over at it. It doesn't stand up by itself easily.Mute - since I carry it with me all the time if I'm on the phone I'd like to be able to mute it quickly. The sound will go down quite a bit, but this is a suggestion.Bottom line - we'd buy it again. It hit on all our requirements and surprised us with good night vision as well. It will be interesting to see it in use with multiple cameras, but overall we're very satisfied with the purchase.Thanks Lorex!