This is really a great camera.  I bought this as a video monitor in my daughter's room so I could see into her crib at night. It was fairly easy to setup on my wifi in my house.  Once attached to my wifi network, I am able to use the web-based interface to view the picture and adjust all settings.  I am even able to view the video, live, on my blackberry browser!  (all for free.)You need to use the cd-rom to do the initial set-up (via an ethernet cable), then it has you unplug the cable and you are hooked up over wifi.  I had no problems with my Fios router and my Win 7 machine.There is software I haven't used to view the picture.  I found that by just typing the camera's ip address into my browser, I can easily do everything I want to do without installing any software.  I get great picture and sound.You can have the camera email 5 second video clips to any email address when motion is detected - and you can adjust the trigger areas of the frame.You can also enable mobile streaming and use rtsp to get the stream to work on your blackberry for free.  You do not need to use the paid service they suggest.  It is a bit tricky to set-up (with port forwarding and funny syntax in your blackberry browser) but it works.  Look online for instructions. Syntax is rtsp://[IP address]:[port]/[camera mobile streaming pin]I deducted one star for the following shortcomings:1) the power cord is VERY short - this is stupid.  It is barely five feet long.  This makes it difficult to properly position the camera without using an extension cord.  The adapter is reasonable in size - not a huge power brick.2) the low light performance is not great.  In my daughter's dark bedroom, it is fairly difficult to see much detail - even with a dim nightlight.  I guess I could set up an IR light to brighten things up without bothering her, but I'm sure there are cameras with better low light abilities.  That said, with a small amount of light, the picture is detailed and terrific.3) there is a very bright blue light on the front to indicate "on" status and flashes when connecting to the network.  I put some black electrical tape over this annoying light.In all, I really like this camera a lot. Others had problems with networking and with the software.  I had no issues getting this up and running and didn't even need to install the software.