Let me preface by saying that I have 6 other trail cameras i use here in Saskatchewan. I have 2 old Moultries which take good pictures but battery life is questionable, but it is old technology. I have Wildgame technologies which work alright for inexpensive cameras.  I also recently picked up a primos 46 which I am happy worth so far.Getting back to the stealth cam. Jim Shockey endorsed this brand so I thought that being from the same city I would give it a try.BAD MISTAKE!  This is without a lie the worst trail cam I have ever owned. I manufactured a metal stand that I can mount anywhere. I mounted the this Stealth cam and had some very nice Sask bucks come in. WOW! It looked like there was a fog everywhere but in the middle 1/5 of the pictures and even that was grainy. These bucks looked like ghost from Paranormal Files. I replaced with the primos 46 and it was like night and day. With the Stealth Cam I could not make any background whatsoever. With all other cameras I could see the individual straws in the wheat field.So I called stealth cam from my cell phone and waited for over 10 minutes. Finally got a tech who said that it doesn't illuminate as well as some of our other models. He askedif I had read themanual and replied that I had. He asked if I had changed the intensity? Hell there is nothing in the manual about intensity. He Then said that he would go get one and work me through it. I waited for another 5 minutes on hold and decided to hang up and send an email. That was 4 days ago and have heard nothing. My guess is that they are swamped with upset customers.This overall proves 2 things: Customer service and product is a joke, and money can buy endorsements. For what it will cost to return it I think I will video it meeting a load of 12ga BBB's and post it on YouTube.Edit: Dec. 13, 2012 Still no email or contact response from Stealthcam.Edit Dec 17th: Finally got back to me. Wants me to send it back at may cost. 25.00. Then on return I will need to repay the taxes/brockerage 25.00. So now I'd have 150.00 into something that may still not work. I am done with this company. Without a word of lie the poorest customer service I have ever seen. BUYER BEWARE! Poor product worse service.