We have been using this camera and monitor for about 5 months, and we've come to rely on it.  It's the best looking by far of all the monitors, and feels expensive.  The picture is decent (much better than our neighbor's Summer Infant) and the screen is bigger.  However, calling this a color monitor is a stretch - nightvision is obviously not color, but even in broad daylight the colors are washed out.  Overall the camera works great, and since the whole thing can run off wall power or batteries, we are pretty pleased.  Here are my major gripes; it would be a perfect product of these were fixed:1. Beeping - Every time you press a button on the monitor (and you have to click several to do anything), it beeps.  There is no mute.  So when my wife tries to zoom or adjust something, you get a loud beep every time.  Considering baby monitors are used at night, this was not a wise choice.2. All or Nothing - As far as I can tell, there is no option to hear only sound and turn off the video - and the lowest level of brightness will light up a dark room.  Audio mode would have been a great feature at times.3. Temp Alarms - As others have mentioned, the temp sensor is always way off, saying it's 90 in a room that is 75.  But you can just ignore that, right? Well - there is an alarm that goes off when the temp gets high.  Yes, you CAN select to disable this, but in our extensive experience, it's hit or miss to actually turn it off.  It either vibrates or beeps EVERY 5 SECONDS until you turn it off, on, disable, enable, etc.  Wish this would have been a hard switch as the menu setting doesn't always take.4. Monitor Stand - we keep the monitor on a nightstand, as you'd expect. The little built-in kickstand is wimpy, only comes out about an inch, and doesn't lock.  Most of the time, reaching for the monitor means knocking it over.5. Skype integration a little misleading - So we were excited that this camera could possibly display video of our sleeping baby over Skype, wow, how high-tech!  Well, when they say "Works with Skype", they mean you can output the monitor (wired) to a running computer that has Skype and use the camera as a remote webcam.  We tried it, it worked, but we were hoping (perhaps naively) that it would work without a PC, or perhaps via Wi-Fi.  No luck.  Maybe if you had a laptop or tablet it would be easier?  But we don't use it, it's pretty cumbersome.Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone even with these shortfalls.  Compared to some other baby monitors, it is much better quality.  Compared to HD home security cameras avaialable at twice the price, you get what you pay for.