This is my second Q-See NVR purchase. First I got the 4 channel NVR and now an 8 channel NVR. The POE cameras are great since you only have to run a single thin cat5e wire. It's cleaner if you have the tools / ability to cut the wire to length and put your own ends on.  Also, it was cheaper to get the whole system with 4 cameras than the cameras separately. Also, S@ms club has it real cheap.Here are some observations that may save you some time:-Be prepared to spend some quality time getting to know the interface. This is the fun part right? Once it's setup you can mainly use your smartphone for monitoring.-The setup interface on the NVR can not configure all the functions. The included PSS software also can not configure all the functions. You will need to use both the NVR itself and the PSS software to properly configure the NVR. I suggest setting it up with a monitor and mouse next to your PC and go through the configuration first on the NVR then install the PSS and go through all the options again until you have it working. Again, neither interface can completely configure it alone and this is why I knocked off a star. To top it off, its not like a whole function is done with a particular interface, its just certain check-boxes and fields that show up in one vs the other.-The PSS software has its own user ID / password separate from the NVR. Don't get them confused.-Use PSS to format the HDD. In PSS, add your device then under Device List right click your device and select Advanced --> Device Config. Under Advanced --> HDD Management you can format the drive and it will reboot. This was one of the steps I took on both NVRs before it was working properly. I'm not sure if this was necessary but it can't hurt when its new.-If you are wondering why it is recording all the time it is because it defaults to "manual" for the extra stream. Go to the same place where you format the drive but choose Record then Extra Stream then set it to Schedule.-The PSS software GUI was corrupted looking on Windows 8. I fixed this by right clicking the desktop and choosing screen resolution then "Make text and other items larger or smaller". I then set it to "Smaller - 100% (default). Apparently it don't work properly with larger settings.