---Update, a few months later: The speaker on the monitor no longer works. Other reviewers can restart sound by restarting the monitor. Not me. Even removing the battery and resetting the settings didn't help. Sound seems to be dead. The camera is still picking it up (you can see from the sound level monitor lights), but you can't hear a peep, which other reviewers have also noted. Obviously, no sound makes the monitor pretty worthless unless you're in the next room. I tested it & the sound on the camera does still work (but I don't use that feature anyway, since my disembodied voice doesn't exactly fill my baby with untold joy). I'm contacting Lorex next week (12/30/13)& I'll update my review accordingly.---For a daytime monitor, or for a very still baby, I'd give it 4 stars. It's packed with lots if extra features (photo capture, intercom, temp sensor, etc), the daytime image is good, and the screen in big! But the night vision, with or without the nightlight, is awful, particularly with any motion. If your baby's in a swing, she'll be nothing more than a big white blur. I'd give it 2 stars for night, one star if you're using it with a swing. The daytime video isn't great with motion, either, but because regular-light video is inherently clearer, it's less of an issue in the day.While the other features are a nice bonus, they're no really important enough to me to sway the rating more one way or another. The price is pretty good, though, so based on that, I'd give it 3 1/2 if I could. Signal is pretty solid (gets a few more dead zones than some others, but with the antenna up, I can find a clear spot in most rooms of our large 16,000 sf reinforced concrete building), but not quite as reliable as the two others I've used.I really love the temp sensor. We're in an old high school building with no central AC, and erratic heat,  and different parts of the building can be more than 10 degrees different. Open a window, and it's even more dramatic--so this is a wonderful feature, which I think would really give you peace of mind with an newborn in any old or poorly insulated building.Interface is fairly intuitive, though I didn't always guess the icons at first try.Battery life is decent, several hours-- certainly not 8 with video, but I trust it for a solid 4.I hope to get some more life out of it when I've weaned her off napping in her swing, because I do like the photo and temp features, but for motion, this monitor's not you best choice, even for the price.