I settled on these alarms after a long search through the confusing world of smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors. I really liked the idea of having interconnected alarms, and the new "Onelink" system is pretty nifty. However, smoke alarms have a 10 year lifetime max and carbon monoxide detectors last 7 years max, and First Alert doesn't appear to make a double sensor alarm with onelink (someone correct me if I'm wrong). First Alert does make a dual photoelectric smoke and carbon monoxide detector with onelink that sells for $55 for a two pack. However, I just couldn't stomach paying $55 for something I'm going to have to replace in 7 years, and that doesn't include an ionization detector. So, for now I settled on purchasing these alarms along with separate plug-in carbon monoxide detectors (I like the Kidde's that plug in with battery backup), none of which interconnects, but which cost me $28 each for the smoke alarms which are good for 10 years each, and $25 each for the carbon monoxide detectors (there are cheaper battery-only options available) which are good for 7 years each, and am now set for the forseeable future. I'm hoping there will continue to be innovation in this field that will make devices more interconnected and less expensive before my next upgrade, so there will be fewer either/or choices to make.On this smoke alarm, it looks great, was very easy to install, and comes with clear directions and batteries. The mounting bracket includes a number of different screw slot positions, so there's an excellent chance you can fit it onto the old screws if you're replacing a different smoke alarm. Otherwise screws and drywall anchors are included. Can't comment on the battery life or false alarms yet, but I'm very satisfied and happy to know that I have both sensor types working for me. If i had to make one complaint, it would be that the plastic packaging of the alarm is kind of a pain to open, Amazon should look into adding this product to their "frustration free" packaging program.