I bought this camera, with security can and cable lock. I've used it about a year. I liked that one, so I bought two more of the same configuration. One of those two was defective, and wouldn't trigger but rarely, so I lost a lot of actually important shots (these aren't all used as game cameras).  Amazon did accept a return but for a restocking fee. When I told them I found this disappointing, they refunded that charge. Kudos Amazon! They continue to impress me.  My opinion? Products like this should fail very, very rarely. What's inside is not that complex. Ask anyone who's worked on military electronics in the field. We need to hold vendors to higher standards to compete on the world stage. Battery usage is good, although buy Tenergy rechargeable D Cells and a good charger, it will save you quickly because wow, D cells are expensive.  Two of the Transcend SD memory cards I bought failed in these cameras in just a few months. So far, Kingston and Sandisk SD cards have been working fine for me.  This camera has given some really nice shots, although, of course, I have never seen a picture as nice as what they advertise in their package. It's not very different from a cheeseburger commercial in that regard.This seems to be a situation where a couple guys come up with good idea, find some local talent to get the ball rolling, then take their idea to China get it made for pennies, then reap the rewards. (God bless America?)  Some of you may say this is simply fair trade. I'm beginning to wonder, frankly. If we don't start producing products domestically for the world market soon, I fear we're in deep trouble. As far as I know, there is no American equivalent of the game cam.  Please let me know if I'm wrong on this.  I know we can make quality products.They claim in their package that I have to return the registration card to receive the warranty, but I believe this is incorrect. Please read [...]before you "fall for that".  I find this to be subterfuge - a bit shady on their part.Aside from misgivings related to foreign trade and some not-necessarily-true statements, the camera has indeed worked in general, and has produced some important and enjoyable images. The rest are easy to delete.