So far I am fairly satisfied with this camera. The set-up was much easier than the last camera I had; Tenvis JPT3815W, which I returned because it was just too difficult to connect the Wifi and poor instructions and customer support.  I had this camera running in about an hour. It would have been like 20 minutes but I missed something while setting up the WiFi connection. Downloading the applications from the cd was very easy as was connecting to the camera by cable and Wifi. I downloaded the recommended IOS app for my Iphone, Bi Smarteye. I quickly realized that the app left a lot to be desired. The display could only be viewed vertically, could not be made bigger and was half the screen, which is too small for it to be useful and it has no sound available. I searched a little and settled with Ip Cam Viewer Lite by NibblesnBits. The set-up was easier and much more user friendly and does have audio (cam to phone only- Camera speaker use requires upgrade to Pro). The IR and color view are good and the camera responds well to commands.Note on the set-up: I used a Linksys router with a static IP. The camera has two options to use for IP address and port forwarding with the router. You can manually set it or click a box to automatically assign an IP address. I chose the auto option but it assigned a number higher than one supported by the router. Which I found out after trial and error. But I was able to give it my own IP address and port. This worked quick with the cable attached but I had a difficult time with the Wifi connection. I knew the camera was receiving a signal because of the green light indicator on the camera. After a lot of tinkering around with ports and IP addresses I finally realized that the very last line on the PDF instructions stated that the router gateway and DNS have to match the camera's. This is done from the first screen, which is the same screen that asks how you want to connect, auto or manually. On the page it shows the router info on the left and the camera info on the right. I did not realize that when I switched from Auto to manual connection that the gateway and DNS were no longer the same. A very simple fix only after I realized what the heck was going on. Ugh.