We got this camera and immediately got to work on setting it up.  The setup software is easy to use and network setup is easy.  (Just remember to wait until the light on the front is solid green before searching for the camera on the network.What was easy:-Finding the camera wired on the network was quick.  I connected it, turned it on, and popped in the CD.  Two clicks later, the guided setup was humming along.-Getting the router set up.  It configured universal plug and play on its own, although I wish it could have forwarded port 80 to the one it chose automatically so that I don't have to add the port to the URL it provides to access it from the web.-Video and audio work in a computer browser perfectly.-iPhone browser even shows video in the default format from the camera nicely.-Multiple user accounts were a snap to add.Snags in setup:I'm not a typical user, so I had some difficulties...-If you're a Verizon FIOS user, the router they provide will NOT automatically configure universal plug and play.  You must turn it on yourself.-If you have a router plugged into a router, like you might with Verizon because their router is quite possibly the worst one I have ever used in my entire life, the Verizon router will block the incoming request to use the camera from the internet.  You'll just get the Verizon router login instead of the camera.-If you have a Verizon FIOS router, don't even try to use it wirelessly unless you have no encryption, or WEP only.  WPA or WPA2 don't work, but you may know this about Verizon routers from your laptop or really ANY other wireless device you've tried to connect to it.-Connecting to the internet required 2 steps, setting up the "Internet" section, and then setting up the "DNS" in Setup.  If these were combined, it would be a bit easier to configure, but it still wasn't hard and you only have to do it once. (in theory)The free access to it from the web for life is a great feature and was the tipping point for me to buy this product.  You don't even have to do anything with the website.  Just set up the camera, and it will be done along the way.