I received this product through the Vine program, free of charge. We live in a ground floor apartment in the city so we do get concerned about security now and then, especially at night. Because we live in an apartment and rent rather than owning, we were somewhat more limited in how and where we could install the cameras. For instance, I would have loved one by the front door, but it's concrete and would probably unnerve the neighbors whose door is right next to ours. So bear that in mind--if you own your home, you will be able to make even better use of this system than I could.Three of the cameras are in various points outdoors, and the fourth one I decided to use as a video baby monitor in the nursery. Physical installation of the hardware was a piece of cake once we figured out the best spots in the wall to drill and hide the cables. So that part of the set-up is no problem--anyone with even modest home maintenance improvement and a basic toolbox could do it.Setting up the feed to the TV was also very simple and worked right away once it was all plugged in. What proved to be a little more complicated was getting the feeds to allow online viewing on the computer, and on the iPhone app. The app is free, but the installation instructions are opaque and required a lot of trial and error on our part before we FINALLY got it to work. Eventually it was all going, but the instructions gave us the wrong IP and port numbers and we just had to be persistent in figuring out what it should have said, as there is little to no customer support for this feature. Important thing is though, it did work eventually.The night vision on this system is fantastic. Late at night, I can see people in dark clothing on the night vision as clear as day--people who, much to my alarm, I *could not see at all* just looking out the window. The motion sensor is very sensitive and has to be turned down quite a bit before it stops triggering when a moth flies by, for instance. Indoors, in the nursery, at first the night vision didn't "click on," but when it did it also showed everything as bright as if all the lights were on (no color).Overall I would highly recommend this system for a small to medium space that needs monitoring. I think it would be perfect for a small business or office, or for a small to medium home (you'd probably want one with more cameras if your home is more than about 1200 sq ft). I wish I had better advice on getting the iPhone and computer feeds to work, but it really was just guesswork and trial and error. The company really should provide better support for this feature, and that's why I've subtracted one star from my review.