This is a great baby monitor at an unbeatable price.  However, there's one caveat you should be aware of: this baby monitor, like most others, operates on the 2.4 GHz wireless band.  Your router most likely operates on the same band (unless you've upgraded to a dual band model).  This baby monitor WILL interfere with your wireless internet.  It repeatedly jumps channels in order to find the best channel and hold great video.  Therefore, there's no way to set your router to a certain channel and avoid the interference.  However, you can minimize the interference by 1) selecting a channel on either extreme of the band (channel 1 or 11) and 2) keeping your wireless device as far away from the monitor as possible.  Nevertheless, you will encounter interference.We got this monitor from our baby's godfather as a present off our registry.  I almost returned it.  I couldn't stand the interference.  However, this is the best baby monitor I've used.  I tried a WiFi camera (Dropcam) but discovered it's just not reliable/safe to use as a baby monitor.  The sound sporadically came through, which meant that I missed my little girl screaming until I heard her on my own through the bedroom door.  I promptly returned it.For $99 you can't beat this monitor!  The video quality is great (including night mode) and audio is too.  I feel very comfortable using it as a baby monitor for my beautiful little girl.  Tip: Hit the brightness down & volume up buttons at the same time to turn auto-mute on/off.  I love this option!Here's what I've done to deal with the interference: 1) wired as many devices as possible (my computers and Roku), 2) changed the router's operating channel to 11, and 3) tried to use my iPhone as far away as possible from the monitor (while still being able to keep an eye on my daughter).  When interference is particularly bad I just turn off WiFi and use data for a few minutes, or hop on my wired computer.Even with the WiFi interference I highly recommend this baby monitor.  I'm giving it 5 stars because ALL baby monitors that operate on the 2.4 GHz band will have this problem.  Don't believe anything you read about a 2.4 GHz baby monitor being "interference-free" - says this IT guy.