Purchased this wifi camera specifically to monitor the house while I was away.  Claims it can e-mail you photo's upon motion detection, which is what turned me on to it.Here are my comments:1.  Ease of installation...great!  drop in CD, follow instructions and BAM, you're connected in less than 10 min.  However, if you know your router and know basic IP configuration, you can manually log into your router and set up manually as well.2.  Picture quality to me is clear and crisp.  If you ask me, it's better than most non Wifi cameras.3. Has a feature that allows you to e-mail pictures once it detects motion.  This is where it gets bad and why I give it a 3 star.  First I need to say even though setup was a breeze, the program crashes when you make changes within it's setup dialog.  Very annoying.  Application within it's internal camera router has a feature that once you setup will allow the camera to send you the motion it captures when detected.  It's been about a week and half now and I CAN NOT GET IT TO WORK!I checked out online help and it seems to be a common problem that apparently has no fix.  I did not call their help desk because people in the forum, and there are several of them, all say the same thing, that their customer support has no Idea on what and how to fix this.  I did the firmware up, setup both the camera internal configuration and the PC application, and still nothing!I will see if I can return it for another brand that offers motion detection and the e-mail application.update: Never did return it due to busy crazy hectic life...but I did update my router to a newer "N" router (see my review) and I stumbled upon camera in the back collecting dust.  I figured I'd give it another try....after 2-3 hours configuring it...still no dice.  It will not work at all in Wi-Fi mode for long periods of time.  It crashes after about 10 minutes of air time.  With the new router it installs quicker, features are abundant with the LAN cable attached to it and works like its suppose to, but the moment you try to go wireless it crashes. Still no new software updates from Linksys.