With increasing suspicious solicitors in my neighborhood I've been wanting a front entry camera.  I spent a lot of time doing research and almost purchased a zmodo DVR type system, or a drop cam.  I went with the logitech after seeing it in action because it seemed easier to set up than a traditional cctv dvr system, with with a brand name like logitech I knew I was going to get a product with directions in broken English.I purchased an indoor master system even though I planned to mount it outside on my porch.  It's under a covered patio and we never have any extreme weather conditions. When the product arrived, it appeared to be factory sealed only the setup DVD and instructions were missing.  I downloaded the software from the logitech website, so that wasn't an issue.  On the first few go-arounds the camera was not recognized.  I thought this may be an issue because although my home isn't that big (approx 1500-1600 sq ft) the plugs I was using were on different circuit breaker panels.  I tried over and over and even plugged the camera and the receiver unit into the same outlet and it still wouldn't work.  It wasn't until I used a paperclip to reset the camera that the software recognized the camera.  I then plugged it into the outlets I originally intended to and it worked just fine.  This sort of led me to believe that the product I purchased could have been refurbished, but maybe I'm wrong.I'm pretty happy with the camera overall.  It covers a good size area and I like that you can configure the software to send you text messages or emails during specific hours of your choosing.  One thing I didn't realize(which i should have) when I purchased this camera was that the recording is based on motion only.  You can always view live video(which was very easy to set up on my Iphone 4s), but actual recording is not continuous. It will record for about 5 seconds every time the camera detects motion.  You can also select the areas you want to monitor for motion so that passing vehicles, etc will not trigger a recording.I still think this is a good option for home surveillance but just remember to reset the camera if the software won't recognize it, and that it will not continuously record until it detects motion.