For 10 years I've been using audio-only monitors for my children.  They've been very helpful in attending to their needs during times when they've been in bed and need help.  This is my first experience with a video monitor, and I'm very impressed!The first thing I liked about the product was its ease in setting it up.  After getting all the parts out of the box, the user guides, etc. I unfolded the Quick Start Guide.  This gave me an easy to follow, 6-step process to get up and running fast. Note:  Although it works right out of the box, be sure to charge up the product for 6 hours before using it.I then pulled out the 30-page User's Guide to get the full rundown on how to use the monitor. It was easy to understand, without alot of high-handed technical jargon.  I also liked that it was in only one language, so that I wasn't stuck with an overly thick Guide with multiple languages.The system itself feels sturdy and high-quality.  I have every reason to believe that this will be in use for years to come, even after my child doesn't have a monitor in his room anymore & we're using it for some other monitoring purpose.  I love the fact that the system is completely portable and wireless after proper charging. This will be so convenient for us when we take out of town trips.The snapshot camera worked just fine for me-- I was able to take photos, easily remove the tiny memory chip, insert it into the enclosed converter cartridge, and then place it in my netbook computer's memory card slot.  The photos were easy to retrieve off the memory card from that point.  The converter cartridge even has a "lock" function so that the files cannot be deleted off the memory chip.  Very handy if you have some precious photos that you don't want to lose.The commands and menu system on the handset of the monitor aren't too difficult to understand.  It might take a few times of practice to be comfortable in finding and implementing what I need, but overall it's pretty intuitive.I think my only quibble with the product is the manner in which the handset is plugged into its charging cradle. Because the outlet for charging is relatively small, you have to make sure the handset is lined up *just right* when you're plugging it in.  I wish the docking of the monitor was more smooth.Overall, this is a great product.  I hope that my slumbering youngest son isn't in distress too often, but if he is, this product will be much more informative and useful than my simple audio monitor.  Interestingly enough, if you want this product to be in Audio Mode only, you can go back to that way as well.  Lorex has produced a very versatile, useful and high-quality product.  It definitely receives my recommendation.