This was my 2nd attempt to get an ip camera to work using a Mac computer and it was completely successful. My first camera, which I returned, was an EasyN which was not easy at all. I spent 2 days futzing with it and in the end it just did not work. I'm pleased that this D-link lived up to all it's claims and could be set up on my Mac. Getting it all to work was a bit difficult, especially the motion detection email alerts (with photos attached) but once all the correct data was input, it works great. The set up wizard now has explanations to help in your data entry for each category however, there is still some trial and error involved. Prepare yourself for the setup by downloading a 'find my IP address' app to get your computer and modem/router numbers. Once these numbers were entered, the camera easily found my wifi network. You will also need your network key (password).If you use the Mail app on your Mac, open it and open it's preferences to see your account. The info for sending email motion detection alerts is there. Hint: your email address is both the sender and receiver.The picture quality (640) of the camera is fine. I'm sure there will be more hd cameras from D-link in the future but this one is ok for now, especially considering the price. The motion detection photos , although a bit fuzzy, have enough detail to identify a face in case a robbery occurs and the camera 'captures' the perpetrator. The night vision works well too and will automatically switch between day and nite mode if set to do so.Lastly, the My D-link app for the iPhone is workable. It only lets you do a few things but they are important: switching between day and IR mode, turning motion detection on and off, taking a photo, and of course, real time live monitoring and pan/tilt... from anywhere, and it's free!The only thing I have not done is record video but considering that the camera does everything else it says it will do, I have no doubt the video recording works too.I highly recommend this camera.