Short version - It took me so long to actually get this working due to the technical hurdles that when it broke, my return window expired and I'm stuck with it.  Long version - I received the camera, popped the cd into my Windows 7 laptop and was able to get it going on my Local Area Network fairly quickly even on Wifi.  I could move the camera, and it had night vision - what a deal, right?  Then I tried to make it available over the internet.  Wow - difficult!  It turned out my DSL modem which was connected to my wireless router would not work because the modem was changing my IP address and had no DMZ functionality.  I ended up switching to cable internet and got a much better modem and that solved my problem so I could now access it over the internet.  I even got an app for my iPhone and could view and control the camera from it.  You can listen too but the audio is terrible and delays the entire feed by almost 30 seconds when turned on.  So at this point, I could live with the bad audio because I wasn't planning to really use it and thought I was basically home free.  However, last week the camera randomly would not load from my iPhone or internet, and I found that I had to log in from my house and reboot it.  Hmmmm.  It then happened 2 more times.  Then today, I set it up to forward me emails when it detects motion.  This was working great for about an hour....but then it would suddenly stop sending emails for no reason.  I'd reboot and then it would be fine for awhile and then stop.  Then the grand finale - the wifi just stopped working completely.  There is a little green light that flashes when it is connected to the network and it would not flash.  I rebooted several times.  Nada.  I plugged it directly into the router via ethernet, restored it to factory settings and redid everything.  Nada.  Made sure all wireless settings matched between the camera and my router (just like I did when I first received it and got wifi working).  Nada!  I really put a lot of time and effort into learning the networking involved to make this thing work and running into these bugs is very disheartening.  What a waste of time and money!  Arg.