There's only so much you can expect from a stand-alone wireless door alarm device. Is it loud enough to wake you and your neighborhood. Yes, That it is. and just judging from the intensity and volume, it can be quite the deterrent. The alarm is easy enough to install, though the keypad being only 4 buttons only leaves you with enough combinations, but in the nick of things it should prove to be enough. Its easy enough to set up, the magnet can be screwed or stuck on with included double sided tape. However it also depends on what kind of door jam and border you have. My door jam had a rounded bezel at the edge which meant i had to either stick it on the rounded edge which wasn't very stable, or stick it a little farther away where it was flatter, only problem is then it wouldn't work because the magnet has to be less than half an inch from the edge of the alarm.Aside from those issues, the alarm does what it's supposed to. that is make a very loud noise. It has delayed alarm settings which gives you 45 sec from when you arm it, and enough time to leave the house. and 30 seconds when you re-enter to punch in the code before it goes off. So simple enough interface, works in instant mode as well, for when you're at home. and someone enters, the alarm goes of instantly with no delay. This instant mode can be switched to a door chime mode as well. but it is really loud even in door chime mode, and it does not come with a volume adjuster.Being standalone battery operated, the battery is rated to last a few months before it needs replacement. it will begin flashing when its running low. Also its small form factor allows it to be placed anywhere. I would recommended placing the alarm at an odd place where it would still work when the door is opened, but not be in the usual place where anyone can see or expect it easily.For those who cant afford a security subscription service, this works quite well as a basic deterrence. Within seconds of a break in it will blast a sound around 120db waking anyone in the vicinity, especially if its an apartment building, leaving the intruder no choice but to flee immediately. And that could be the difference.UPDATE: I've used this device for 2 years now, and only replaced the battery once very recently. So take form that what you will.