Works great. Having video is quite useful. No major complaintsPros1. Video including night vision. Very clear.2. Audio is very good (Also see Cons). It is nice to have a light that indicates the level of sound. Even if you don't hear it, you can see the light level go up.3. Range is very good (make sure you have the antenna up on the receiver. Works really well in a two level home even without the antenna up.4. Two way communication. Not just to talk to the baby but great to send the husband up to take care of the baby and tell him exactly what needs to be done (Also see Cons)5. Ability to add more cameras and monitor all using one receiver.6. Remotely play lullaby music, although we prefer to have classical music in the background as opposed to the one in the that comes with the unit7. Ability to record. We don't really use it mainly because the resolution is very poor. You can't play it back in any of the flat screen tvs of today (see below for more on this)8. Skype (Also see cons)6. 7. and 8. to us is not very useful, but nice to have in case you want to use them.Cons1. Audio, there is some static noise in the back ground which can be annoying if there is no other sound in the room you are in.  It can be reduced by lowering sensitivity on the camera and lowering volume on the receiver, but that also reduces the ability to pick up sounds of the baby on the receiver.2. Two way communication. There is a few seconds time lab after you press the talk button before the receiver transmits what you are saying. Be sure to wait a few seconds after you press the talk button and then talk for two way communication.3. Skype. The camera has to be connected to a computer all the time. I am not sure if the computer will "wake up" if in sleep mode when you call using skype, but it works and the camera resolution for skype is pretty good.I would have given it 4 stars for some of the minor issues I mentioned above, but gave a five to make up for some of the 1 stars given by people who got defective units. A good unit works really well and I would highly recommend this product to everyone who needs a baby monitor.