I installed system using four cameras.  The cameras and receiver work together just fine.  I have worried a little because I was installing them on the outside of construction trailers and was worried about transmission through the metal sides of the trailers.  Three of the cameras came up just fine.The receiver could not see the fourth camera on the far side of the one of the trailers.  However, I was able to solve that problem by getting a 6-meter RP-SMA Extension Cable (typically used to relocated the antenna for wi-fi router)--cheap fix.  Using this cable, I was able to remove the antenna from the fourth camera and drag the cable (and antenna) nearer to the receiver's location.  Once the antenna was relocated, the camera came up with no problem.  I suspect that I could done the same thing with the antenna from the receiver for even moreflexibility/range.  If range is an issue, I would suspect that a "powered/high gain antenna from the wi-fi world" might help.My biggest complaint about the system is the documentation.  The documentation did not suggest moving the antenna to help solve transmission problem.  Of course, it did not provide information to help purchase the right cable, etc.  It would really nice if the manufacturer would work to determine if high-gain antenna, etc would help users.The other disappointment has been with the using the output of the system on an external monitor.  The system has a port for an external monitor and the company even provides a short cable (too short).  An extension RCA cables is a quick trip to Radio Shack.  It is even more annoying to have hunt down the note that using the external monitor disables the built-in monitor in buried in the trouble shooting section of the manual (as is the note about a five second delay in transferring to the external monitor, etc).  In order to have to two monitor locations, you will need two external monitors.  I haven't yet set up the two monitor, I worry that I have may to get a video splitter and amplifier to drive two monitors.  Again, the manufacturer could do a little testing provide guidance to customers.The remote control just barely works.  In order for the remote to work, it must be pointed directly at the receiver, not too far away, etc.  The system is really slow to response to the remote (or any commands via the on-board buttons).  However, it works.