Not Cathy writing this, but her husband, Tom...I started my "surveillance system" with a Foscam model that preceded the F18918W. I purchased it over a year ago and still think it's a great camera.  The only thing it does is reset every so often on it's own, but that isn't a real biggie.When I saw the Wansview, I did a little research and came to the conclusion it's basically a renamed Foscam since it looked almost identical to my current camera.  IP software was similar as well.I didn't have any issues setting it up, but focusing was much more problematic than was the Foscam. Also the IR seemed to be brighter than the Foscam, which was a good thing.  Also, you could not create preset camera positions.  Still, for the price, I liked it alright. Sooo, I bought another.This one was trouble from the start. It just did not want to connect to wifi.  I finally found that if, after I set it up, I would need to unplug, hold the reset button (which is really, really small), plug it in and reset it again.  For some reason, this would cause it to adhere to the wifi. But if any little thing happened, it would lose the connection.I did notice the software and firmware was different than that of the first Wansview I had purchased. Thinking no big deal, I'd just download updates....good luck with that.  They just aren't there.  Wansview does have updates for Foscam cameras, but don't say if they are to be used with the Wansview models and if so, which ones?Another thing is that I could tie the first Wansview in with the Foscam software for multiple devices. The second one would not connect.  I ended up having to buy Blue Iris, which I have to admit is a good program.  The only problem is that the software must run all the time for it to serve to my DNS. If I could have just tied them in with the Foscam software, or their own software for that matter, I would not even have to leave my PC on.Yesterday was the last straw.  I pulled up Blue Iris and was greeted with my trusty Foscam image and two other images with colored bars.  My frustration peaked at that point and I just unplugged them both thinking they would hopefully sell in a yard sale for a few bucks.Before I do that, I may just go ahead and try the Foscam firmware and software updates offered on Wansview's website.  If I do, I'll come back here and share my results.April 22...Well, I decided to keep them.  They're back up and running, but not sure why.  Still have a range issue with one of them.