WOW this is just in a word: AWESOME. I just received my Swann digital video recorder surveillance system and was able to hook it up with surprising ease, I find myself already checking out the perimeter of my house on my iPad when I'm out! haha this is just so cool I should have got one ages ago and with the built in hard drive with a massive amount of space for taping anything or anyone. The range of things I can use this for or check on is immense! from checking to see if a package i have been waiting for has been delivered and furthermore making sure if a merchandise delivery left on my doorstep is taken I got them on camera, no matter if its day or night, I am seriously impressed at the night vision on this device. The cameras are also very nice and compact they don't draw attention and stick out asking to be vandalized like some of the older models that look like a white shoebox, I am very happy with my 4 cameras ( front door, back door, side entrance, back yard) but I love the fact that if needed I could add 4 more cameras! I'm still entertaining the idea but loving this already, for people who work at home like myself its just so necessary. The options are fantastic too if i wanted to save space I can switch on the motion detectors or just let it roll all day and check it from my smartphone, software included of course which is great because for the price I don't want to be nickel and dimed. I have no doubt that it will be able to withstand the weather that is to come here in a northeast winter, when i was installing it I could feel how durable the cameras are. This system is great because of its versatility it would be just as much use to the person who wants some home or business security to the hobbyist just looking for a little added privacy, a deterrent against vandalism etc etc. this is so easy to install you will be up and running within 24hrs, it is freakishly addictive to watch whats going on at your home when your out on any one of your devices and if you go away on business or just travel for lea sure often this is a must have! absolutely a home run, only question is whether I should buy 4 extra cameras which it accommodates.