The hardware on this system is great for the price, setting up the network and internet capability was about as much fun as a pineapple enema. The wizard blew up for some reason after I set up the wifi/local network settings so I had to go manual. Some notes so you don't have to go through the pain.  1) If your intranet (local wifi) web interface stops working it might be because your wifi router changed the ip of the dvr, so make sure you go into your router and assign the dvr a static ip.  2) If you use the PnP (plug and play ha-ha-ha, RIGHT! Plug and play my a$$) DDNS option on setting up the box for remote viewing, you have to log into the myq-see.com site and get your own url by setting up an account. Then, to see your system on the internet you address it like this  mynetwork.myq-see.com:85where 85 is the port you forward from the box through your router to the internet, which you have to set up and mynetwork is what YOU have named your network when you registered. A little detail they seemed to have missed on the not so quick startup guide.  3) Whether you're using the myq-see network you signed up for, or you are just using the external ip of your own network YOU MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO SEE WHAT THE INTERNET SEES OUTSIDE OF YOUR FIREWALL. Important point missing from the instructions. In other words, you might have a loopback problem seeing the system if you use an external url. Instead of setting up a loopback adapter my advice is to go see it from your office or neighbor or use the Q-see QT phone app which uses the same url and port (and make sure your phone is NOT connected to your home wifi system, but using 4g or something) to check the remote internet viewing. One more time, because this is a killer: you might not be able to check the internet remote viewing from within your own network. Go outside your network to check it. If you want to use the system with computers within your wifi system, use the wifi assigned internal address of the dvr. This will be something like: [...] where 85 is the port the DVR is sending on, unless yours sends on another port. Again: if you are within the same network as the dvr use the static IP address you assigned through your router to view the web app.