We had been in the market to replace our Summer Infant Handheld video monitor since the On/Off video button stopped working and the sound has always been pretty horrible. After comparing the new Summer Infant Touch and the Motorola, I opted for this one due to the overwhelmingly positive reviews. So far, so good!What I like:Pretty much what others have said here. The picture quality is excellent. I can only compare this to our last video monitor which had a tiny screen and which I thought actually had a pretty decent picture and I still say this is an amazing quality image. I did have to get used to the slight delay that comes with the digital monitor but that would be the case with any of the other monitors currently on the market, I think.The sound monitoring is also great. We run a lot of white noise in our daughter's room (a fan and Marpac white noise machine and in the summer, a window A/C unit on top of both of those) and with our last Summer Infant the white noise was picked up in droves, making the audio quite unpleasant to keep on at night. We often used another monitor just for sound. Now we can finally use one monitor for all our needs and we can hear the baby over the other din in her room without annoying background noise or static.What I don't like:So far, not much. The one thing that others have mentioned that I also am not a big fan of is the volume control. I do really think that for ease of use having volume control as part of the on-screen menu rather than as a side dial is not a great idea. I think once I get used to it it won't be such a big deal (it really is only two extra steps than what I was used to). Also, I'd really like the option to turn the volume completely off. We live in a very small house and during the day when I'm working on my computer and the baby's sleeping, I keep the video on and don't really have a need for the audio. And yes, the volume dialed down to the lowest setting still does enable a fair amount of noise to get through. Again, not a dealbreaker but something worth mentioning for the next model, maybe.Overall, we're very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it to others.