I purchased the GE simon XT security system and installed it myself. I am a licensed master electrician and although I do not install security systems for a living, I am technically inclined. I followed the instructions closely and the system works very well with a few glitches in the programing. The Motion sensors should only activate when they are manually activated when going to bed at night. This should be separate from the doors and windows. If you get up in the middle of the night to get a drink of water the alarm goes off. Also, there should be a delay so that when the motion sensors are activated, you have time to deactivate them prior to the alarm siren. Getting up in the morning I don't have enough time to get across the kitchen to deactivate the system before the siren goes off and I get my ears blasted. I know that the system can be adjusted to eliminate this problem but I cannot get help from GE. When I call their tech support it will not give me a live person to talk with and if you tell it you are a home owner it says to call your professional installer and then hangs up on you. I sent three emails to GE tech support and they never responded. All I need to do is get a simple verbal instruction to set the program since this is not addressed in the instructions. GE simply turns their back on you once they sell you a product. This is not the first time this has happened to me with a GE product. Also, all of the literature with the Simon XT wireless system says that you can use it with  alight module to turn your lights on and off remotely or with the control panel. This cannot be done. Apparently, according to the company that supplies the light modules, GE printed their literature prematurely and after production they found that the modules would not work with the transformer supplied with the system. GE went ahead and sold it anyway and just tells everyone that bought it that it doesn't work and they're just out of luck. Too bad, so sad. Shame on you GE!!! I have disconnected my $500.00 system because it doesn't work properly and I cannot get any technical support for simple programing help.