Excellent packaging, nicely made articulating support arm.The setup instructions started out very simple and led me to say, "I can do this, no problem.", but it was all downhill from there.When I connected an ethernet cable from my router to the camera and plugged in the 12 Volt power adapter I was supposed to see the green LED blinking and the yellow LED on steady. Didn't happen, both LEDs blinked continuously. My network could not "see" the camera. I spent about 45 minutes replacing ethernet cables and restarting everything in my network and got nothing but 2 blinking LEDs. I knew that the 12 volt power adapter was powering the camera because when I unplugged the power  adapter the LEDs stopped blinking. I decided to check the output of the 12 volt power adapter. My digital multimeter showed an output of 23 volts! No wonder the camera was not working! A few minutes of rummaging around in my junk box produced a 12 volt power adapter with the correct plug and when I plugged it in the camera was happy and my network found it.Very little of the "automatic setup" worked. When it asked for the User and Password I tried everything on the data plate of the camera without success, then finally realized that THERE IS NO PASSWORD, it's left blank. Tenvis has a YouTube video showing how to set up Tenvis cameras, but it's little more than someone with a Chinese accent reading the instructions that I already had in front of me.I somehow managed to fumble through it all and it works now, but I honestly can't tell you how I did it.Update: The Tenvis software will not record video from the camera unless your browser is Internet Explorer. It will take a "snapshot" with all the other browsers, but no video (this according to Tenvis).Next update: WiFi died about 8 hours after installation and resisted all efforts to revive it. Still works fine on ethernet cable but the location where I need it will never have a cable, so back it goes. Star rating amended to 1.Update 7/03/13: After I received the RMA from Amazon for the defective camera I ordered a replacement (I liked it while it was working). Amazon shipped from a different vendor this time.After unpacking the new camera (and checking the 12 volt power adapter for the proper voltage) it connected to my network via ethernet cable immediately but then consistently refused to connect wirelessly throughout an entire afternoon of starting, restarting, changing cables, watching YouTube videos, searching forums, trying various IP addresses, etc.. Step 3 of the Camera Wizard always assured me that it was, in fact, connected wirelessly to my network, but my network never saw it (I have several other wireless video devices on my network and they all work perfectly with no more effort than entering the SSID and the password).Back it goes again. No more Tenvis cameras for me.