Others say it won't work with Vista... but my Media Center PC running Windoze Vista recognized it immediately. Didn't have to install any drivers or any software. Roxio recognized the camera and would record from it. Windoze seems not to know it's there... so I just copied the executable AMCAP.EXE from the mini-CD and ran it. Done (no need to install, it just runs). Can see real-time preview in a stretchable window, can record to AVI disk file, simple and no hassle. Haven't found a way to store snapshots yet, but I have a movie player that can do that so I just record and capture stills later.Video quality is just fine for a $34 item.... if there is plenty of light. The shutter speed is slow so the image blurs if there is movement. It's not a multi-megapixel point-and-shoot, and the image can be a bit hazy due to the plastic protective cover, but there's a menu in the viewer to adjust brightness/contrast/white balance, etc. It probably won't last very long and the plastic cover will probably scratch, but if I use it 2 or 3 times I figure I've gotten my money's worth.The same product seems to come with many different length cables. Cables longer than this one apparently have a repeater box which means they won't thread through small pipes and that box isn't waterproof. This one has a brightness wheel on the USB connector and nothing but cable to the camera.UPDATE 1: Just had exactly the same experince on a Windoze 7 laptop. Plug it in, let Windoze install drivers, copy software from the mini-CD, run the software without installing. The mini-CD software can also access the laptop's built-in webcam.UPDATE 2: It survived being pushed down a driveway drain pipe with standing water, taped to a tape-style snake, but to my dismay I discovered that cranking up the LEDs causes reflection inside the plastic cover. Bad reflections! If there's really no light at all where you're using it, your range of site is extremely limited because the internal reflections wash out the image unless you turn the brightness down on the LEDs. This took it from 5 stars (cheap but you get what you pay for) to 4 stars (cheap and you need external lighting).