First we purchases the Mobi7602. Great monitor but it died and we did not have time to send it back to the manufacturer to get it repair before going on vacation and needing a monitor. So here are my observations of the pro and cons.PRO's-Great video, comparing side by side the Mobi and Samsung I was surprised to see how poor the Mobi video appeared.-Clear night vision-No internet interference. Our Mobi monitor didn't just interfere it totally shutdown out wireless internet.-Large screen our Mobi monitor had a 1.5in screen and no matter how we mounted the monitor we could not get the whole monitor in the screen.  With the Samsung we do not have this issue because of the size of the screen and the mounting.-Great range of motion with the camera, because the camera swivels 360 it was easy to adjust to view the entire area I wanted viewed. The Mobi monitor we had only adjusted up and down making this feature with the Samsung such a joy.-Remote turning on the nightlight and music. Easy way to keep kiddo happy with him seeing us come in to turn either on.-Easy mountCON's-When the monitor is close to being out of charge the range is under 350ft. Places that the monitor normally reads start showing out of range the closer it gets to low charge.-No battery level indicator. We never know how close we are to an empty battery until the monitor dies.-Temp level is inaccurate it picks up on the heat coming from the camera. No big deal for us.-Wish it had remote on for the camera as well-Buttons need a little extra push to get a reaction-Feels a little flimsy compared to our Mobi monitor.When we purchased this monitor we saw a handful complaints that I understand but are easily fixed.FIRSTMonitor does have an alarm for when the baby makes noise, out of the box it is set on vibrate. Yes it is super annoying but easily fixed. The alarm can be changed to a beep and then the volume on the beeping can be turned down to mute. That eliminates that issue.SECONDThere does seem to be lots of white noise. There is an "auto mute" button what this does is mutes out the white noise and then amps the volume when the baby makes enough noise to trigger it on. For my son he is a restless sleeper, he rolls around all night, the auto mute picks up on that, which for me is ideal. I want to know when he wakes up and being sneaky and quiet, thinking out climbing out of his crib.Overall I would say that this monitor is great, it is very portable, easy to set up and great for what we use it for. I would recommended it.