Overall, I have been impressed with the picture quality provided by the camera, but there are a few aspects that left me disappointed.Here are a few pain points.Nightvision:I specifically purchased this camera to affix to a window and capture activity outside.  Due to the camera's location, it was the easiest option without spending hours fishing cable through walls in order to mount the outdoor version.  Everything I read said this was possible, and it does work, except if you want to use the nightvision feature.  It wasn't until I opened the box that I found a little diagram stating that if you were going to set it up this way, nightvision needed to be disabled.  That was the first, and only, time I ever heard about this limitation.  Needless to say I was disappointed and almost returned the camera at that point.  A motion light was able to sidestep this limitation.Commander software:There is no other way to put this, but the software used to control the camera is terrible.  It is very limiting and 'clunky' to work in.  There is also no support for remote desktop connections, should you need to remote into your home computer and adjust settings.I've found the easiest way to review stored video is to avoid the software altogether, and go directly into the storage directory since the clips are stored in .MP4 format.  They can then be deleted or moved to another director for long term storage.**TIP:  If you have a google account, you have access to their Drive feature (cloud storage; 5GB free).  If you setup to have your storage directory sync'ed with the Drive account, you can access recorded video anywhere (and on most mobile devices).  This should safe you the $80/year Logitech charges if you want to be able to access stored video remotely.Alert Software:This is the software that allows you to view real-time video from mobile devices.  It works, but again is very limiting.Overall, I have been impressed with the video quality, but am left disappointed with several features.