I just received and installed the system yesterday.  I am a bit PC aware, so the installation seemed quite easy to me.  The printed documentation was just "OK" and provided me with what I needed to get going.  I didn't understand all of the settings until after I played with them a bit, I could see the impact of changing any of the settings.  I did make a call to Logitech Support prior to buying the system (Outdoor) and the support person indicated that some folks with a big house or one that has been added on to have more that one "circuit breaker box".  If the camera's electrical power cord is connected to a box that is different from the one that powers the internet connector box, that connector box may not see the camera.  That info does NOT appear in any documentation.  The documentation does not tell you about the testing/diagnostic section where you can see the signal strength from the cameras to the connector box.  Fortunately all my connections were within one breaker panel.Pros;1. very easy set up.2. Commander control screen is simple to use.3. day time image quality is much better than anticipated,,, but it is not HD, still it is very good4.  viewing of recorded image segments is quite simple to accomplish5.  Download of iphone app was very simple.6. images on my iphone were very good, but download speed seemed a bit slower than I'd like.....possibly a network problem and not Logitech problem.Cons;1.  Price, I think that I could have purchased a similar quality system at less cost, but ease of setup and operation seemed the best that I saw in my research of other systems.2.  Motion images were too blurred to be any good at identifying people-----they have to stop for a second.3.  Night vision seemed too dark for me.....possibly I need to play with the camera setting more.4.  If they had a separate brightness setting for day and night viewing, that might solve my problem.5.  Would like to see control capabilities from iphone added.So far, I'm very happy with this purchase and with seller's prompt/accurate response (Justin) to pre-sales questions.  All their commitments were honored and it arrived one day sooner than promised:-)  Their price was just Logitech Alert 750e Outdoor Master Security System with Night Visiona bit better than Amazon's.  I was quite nervous in dealing with SAFELIFE ALARM since they were new (no ratings) to selling on Amazon.