The Logitech 750e is a good low-cost camera system, with a pretty decent feature list, but unfortunately, it is marred by some major limitations and bugs.First, the bad:- No Mac support. In 2010, shipping a consumer product that doesn't support the Mac is a bad idea. This isn't 1996; the Mac is a major consumer platform, and not supporting it is simply lazy.- No WiFi support. The 750e utilizes ethernet over powerlines. While in some ways this makes sense (after all, you have to plug the cameras in) it needlessly limits the range of the cameras. WiFi support would have allowed for much wider flexibility as to where the cameras could be placed.- PC video driver bugs. Camera video feeds and recordings could not be played on my (very standard) PC. In place of video feeds were grey boxes. A perusal of the Logitech forums indicated that this was a known issue with a wide variety of video cards and drivers. Luckily, I was able to get the software to work properly on a secondary PC, but your mileage may vary.- Exaggeration of the pan and zoom features. The box said the camera could pan and zoom. This is not really true - the pan and zoom are entirely digital; basically, the camera can change the focus within the digital frame, but the physical camera doesn't seem to move around to give you a truly wide field of motion, nor does there seem to be an optical zoom. The field of view is wide enough that for the most part this isn't an issue in normal use, but those expecting optical zoom and a wide (physical) field of motion will be disappointed.Now the good- The low light performance of the camera is excellent. I was able to get "bright as day" video even in nighttime lighting with no ambient lights (not even streetlights).- The remote access is very nice. You can view real-time video over the web or via and iPhone, which is really neat. Additionally, the cameras output video in standard RTSP streams, which the knowledgeable user can access using a variety of software to make their own monitoring solutions.- The commander software, while PC only (and finicky with your video card) is really nice when it works. You can automatically download motion-triggered video recordings, listen to audio, and monitor multiple cameras at one. The command center software is very powerful, and I hope Logitech enhances it and fixes the bugs.- The cameras are physically solid. The outdoor camera has so far survived fall weather conditions in Kansas, although it does seem to need shelter from direct exposure to rain.Overall, Logitech has a decent "1.0" product here. It's probably a worthwhile purchase, especially if you find it on sale, and the major flaws are all software based, meaning that they can all be fixed without needing new hardware. There's a lot of potential here, and Logitech has a solid base from which to grow.