This is the worst camera I have ever used.For starters, it is advertised to record for 3 hours.  My current record is 32 minutes.  The battery usually dies between 20-25 minutes of recording.Yes, it records in HD, but HD still looks terrible if its out of focus and shaky.  For an 'action camera', this camera really does not like to moved around while recording.  If you hold it still or use a tripod, it does OK, but any significant movement of the camera, and it goes out of focus and gets shaky.  There is NO anti-shake feature in this camera, which seems like a necessary function for a real 'action camera'The camera does not do well with changing light conditions either.  I'm NOT talking about extremes here, like going from bright sun into darkness, I mean that the camera has trouble adjusting from being in slight shade into normal daylight and vice versa.  When going into more light the video is washed out and very over saturated for 10-30 seconds, and when going into shade the video is nearly all black for a few seconds as well.The 'auto rotation' feature is terrible (if mounted upside down, the video is supposed to still come out right side up).  On paper, this seems great.  With the camera mounted right side up on my motorcycle handlebars, revving the engine or hitting a bump in the road 'confuses' the camera and causes it to flip the image, creating an upside down video.  Not only does this feature not work properly, but it ruins most of my videos be flipping them upside down.Yes, its cheaper than a GoPro by nearly $200.  There is a reason for that.  Terrible video quality, VERY short battery life, and upside down videos.  I expected this camera to be not so great, based on the price.  Even with my low expectations, I was extremely disappointed.Honestly, I take better quality videos by taping my 5 year old cell phone to my helmet or handlebars.  I'm not kidding, my 5 year old cell phone taped to my handlebars or helmet does a MUCH better job.  I wanted this camera so I could stop taping my phone to my helmet... but this camera is so bad that I'm continuing to use my phone.I received this as a gift, so I can't return it, but if I could I would have sent it back already.Save your $100, this camera is total jumk.  I contacted Monoprice technical support with my issues of short battery life and flipping image and they were completely unhelpful.  I feel like both of these issues SHOULD be covered under warranty... but they are not.My cousin has the same camera and he has the same problems as me... which makes me think that its not just my unit that's bad.