We have owned this baby monitor for about 6 months now.  It works amazing we trield a few cheaper video monitors were not happy at all due to static and interfierence.  This is going to be your best option without breaking the bank on the VERY expensive ones.  So far the video quality isperfect and have had NO static or interfierence.  In low light the video goes to back & white instead of that weird green night mode like most of the others do so your baby doesn't look like an green alien with blacked out eyes!  The sound is very good also, no interference or static.  There is a button to take quick snap shots and it stores on a micro SD card (included).  The pictures aren't high enough quality to frame but it's fun to look back at the past ones and watch your baby grow before your eyes.  There is also a VOX mode where if your baby is not making any noise the monitor turns off to save the battery and turns on instantly as soon as your baby makes a peep (plus you can set the sound sensitivity incase there is a mobile or tv making sound).  Or if you want to check on your baby because they're being too quited, just hit the snap shot button and the monitor turns on plus you get a snap shot stored on the monitor of him/her to look back at.  It will take 100's of snap shots since the resolution is so low.PROS:Great picture and sound, no static or interfierence, no "green mode" in low light, can use up to 4 camers with it, snap shot mode with included micro SD card and adapter, 2 way radio so you can talk to your child when you're not in the room, monitor and camera well built and compact, rechargable battery w/ dock for monitor, rechargable battery on camera too, camera is wall mountable. Multiple settings for volume and picture.  Monitor and camera use mini USB connection to power and charge (smart).CONS:If you forget to turn on the camera before you turn on the montior the monitor will beep at you saying "NO CAMERA FOUND" and wake up your sleeping baby (sucks).  There is no output to hook up the monitor to a tv. And it would be nice if here was a belt clip and little kick stand built into the back of the montior.CONCLUSION:There are always going to be a few cons on anything if you look hard enough but none of these change my vote that this is a 5 star monitor.  And none of the cons have to do with the quality of the monitor, just requests for the next model.