I purchased this camera for the unfortunate purpose of monitoring one of my children. He has some severe behavioral issues. I figured that being able to monitor his activity would help to (a) hold him accountable, and (b) prevent issues from happening in the first place. Amazingly enough, it seems to have worked. After six weeks with the camera in the house the rate of certain types of incidents has dropped precipitously. That means we can put our efforts into helping him in other ways.I found the camera to be relatively easy to set up, but I had the benefit of a strong tech background combined with some really great setup instructions in some of the other reviews. Buyers who aren't tech savvy will probably want to recruit a helper.The camera works more or less as advertised. Once it's connected to your local network you just plug it in and start watching. You can monitor and adjust the camera via the included web interface, which works well enough. You can also use third party monitoring solutions. On one computer I have used iSpy64 for monitoring and recording. On my Android phone and tablet I use Tiny Cam Monitor Pro; that app allows me to not only monitor the camera when I'm at home, but also when I'm out and about.I didn't expect much from the night vision, but it actually works surprisingly well. Interestingly, the night and day vision sometimes work simultaneously. Because of where I have the camera mounted, sometimes half the frame is bright and the other half is dark. The camera shows both at the same time with little problem. I have to admit, though, that it's a little creepy walking through the dark house at night and seeing the LEDs glowing a subtle, but menacing, red. There's a definite Big Brother vibe. For our purposes that's exactly what we want; our son's nighttime shenanigans have ceased because he knows the camera is staring him down.Those of you looking to take advantage of the camera's audio capabilities will probably be disappointed. The camera has a microphone but the listening experience is pretty poor. It might be useful for use cases where you want to hear a specific sound in an otherwise quiet room (i.e. a baby monitor), but that's about as far as I would go. You can also send audio to the camera ... IF you attach speakers. I don't have any to attach so I haven't tested that feature.All in all I'm pleased with this purchase for the money I paid. I would buy another one if I were to need it.