We purchased this monitor for our second child because our Summer monitor was discontinued and we were no longer able to add on an additional camera with that system.  After going through what seemed like thousands of reviews of various monitors we chose this one.  I followed the instructions and fully charged it before using it.  We turned it on and it worked fine except for a slight hiccup when I tried to turn the screen on.  I just thought that maybe I hadn't hit the button hard enough.  All in all it was a decent monitor - good sound, good picture, nice features with the temperature display and ability to talk into the room.  We had it on for a while so the screen went into sleep mode.  When I hit the button to look into my daughter's room it wouldn't turn back on.  We tried to turn it off and turn it back on again to reset it.  It turned off and wouldn't turn back on.  We tried troubleshooting (again following the instructions in the manual) by removing the battery but still nothing.I called customer service and it was painful to say the least.  The person who answered had a very thick accent and was not able to understand anything that I said.  I had to spell out EVERYTHING several times - my name, email address, mailing address, etc.  I was highly frustrated since I had a 2 year old circling me and a newborn wanting 100% of my attention.  Once we FINALLY got the information correct she was able to email me instructions on how to return the broken monitor and what to do to receive the new one.  I received the new monitor in a decent amount of time and am waiting on a confirmation that they have received the broken one I sent via UPS (using a pre-paid label they emailed me).The replacement monitor has worked ok so far. We've had it for about a week and a half now.  So far no hiccups.  I'm hoping it was just that we got a bum monitor and not an indication of Motorola's product because our other Summer monitor is now acting up and I think I might have to purchase the additional Motorola camera that goes along with this system.It's a shame these baby monitors aren't made with better quality.  I noticed while I was researching them that every monitor had some horrible reviews.  It's a shame since it's a safety issue for the baby.