This dummy security camera looks pretty realistic but it needs some simple modifications that should've been done by the manufacturer.The brand name "UniquExceptional" is printed on the front of the security camera. If you google UniquExceptional you'll find that all they sell is dummy security cameras. I don't need my fake security camera advertising a fake security camera company. The good news, some 400 grit sandpaper will remove their name in a matter of seconds. It'll also leave a little dull spot on the housing but that's something I can live with.The second issue is with the dome for the security camera. Dome security cameras, like this one, are a dome shape for a pretty simple reason; so you can't tell which way the camera is facing and therefore can't tell what area is under surveillance by the camera. The dome on this security camera is clear. It may look like it's blacked out in pictures because the camera inside follows the same dome shape in black plastic but the dome itself is clear. Inside the clear dome you can clearly make out the false camera lens. This leaves two problems, first, in a real dome security camera, you'd never be able to see a camera lens, and second, people that can see the lens would believe they know which area is being watched and may try to hide in the dead spots around your cameras. There's another quick fix for this one too. The dome is assembled with four small phillips head screws. Simply disassemble and hit the inside of the dome with a little black spray paint and you've got a very believable blacked out dome just like you'd see on a professional unit.Finally, dome cameras would never have a red flashing light like a handheld video camera from the '90s. Of course, now that you've blacked out your dome no one would ever know even if you did bother to put batteries in the camera but, had the manufacturer blacked out the dome in the first place, they surely could have saved us a few dollars by not including the flashing light, or even the entire false lens piece of plastic all together.But, once you've made these small modifications, you've got a pretty good looking dummy security camera.