I am not sure there is a perfect outdoor wireless camera solution out there yet. I have had a Panasonic system which functions reliably except everytime there is an electrical outage or the network is disconnected or changed, you will have to go into the camera to check its IP and update the forwarding port on the router. I also tried Sharx. Now, I got attracted by the logitech with the fairly good reviews and the supposed convenience of set up and no maintenance. This was my experience:Pro's:* Very rugged / solid construction.* Straightforward instructions.* Excellent Logitech customer service when I called that I couldnt connect with the camera after setup. They picked up almost immediately over a weekend and tried to be helpful, not even a press "1" press "2" - I was shocked and delighted.Con's:* The first camera that came via Amazon could not connect due to equipment failure (told to me by Logitech customer service, when we went over the install steps).  Amazon was amazing to very quickly ship me a replacment.* Set up is not totally straightforward as implied:  note that the the camera does not necessarily connect easily (depends on your home I guess).  They dont recommend plugging into a surge protector, but wont connect even over an extension cord, and literally needed to be plugged directly into a wall receptacle.  It took multiple attempts for the software to "retry" and "retry" to connect first time and "see" the camera (don't give up).* Now, after a day, sometimes when I log in online, the camera needs to be reconnected (!) since the logitech page says it cannot find the camera. And I'd have to go back to the Logitech software in my PC to get it to ID the camera etc etc. I hope this is not going to be recurrent issue!* It will not work with a Mac.* It works with XP on PC, but only with SP3 installed.* The free web access is very simple, i.e. just a picture of what the camera sees.  No controls (pan, tilt, zoom, control of motion sensor etc) unless you paid for a subscription.  In that way, the free Panasonic web interface allows you to do more.I haven't had a chance to test out the units motion sensors yet, but at least I do not think the install is entirely piece of cake, so just be aware.