I have a LiveLine IP Camera that is almost just like this one, except that it has remote storage and recall capabilities thru LiveLine's website server and apps. So setting up this one was very similar to the LiveLine but actually much easier and that was a surprise. The build quality of the housing, the motor and the lens all seem to be of very good make. It feels robust and hopefully it will perform as well for it will be required to be on 24/7 for as long as it will. Hopefully that will be for at least 5 yrs plus. Usually something in a complicated camera like this one will fail before then. The older cameras that run off RG59 coax w/ 18 ga 12V feed do run for many years but they are much simpler devices. This one is quite complex with hardware and software alike.I download the iPad and iPhone apps and was up and running right away. Pan and tilt movements are a little awkward to control with the app, but that can be solved in future software updates. The liveline camera controls are much smoother with present location points able to be programmed and stored in the app. Currently this is only available in the web browser control window for this D-Link. Also there are many programming options only available from a computer. I'm sure the app will evolve to give more options and control over the camera's setting. They are just not available at this moment.I did run into problems viewing the camera feed on my iMac. Java is disabled by default on the latest versions of the MacOS (10.8.4) I had to enable Java in the system preferences pane and then download the latest Java version and install it. I was still unable to view the camera feed in the window. It came up with a question mark icon in the window again. I'm still working on the fix, but it is the iMac and not the camera causing this so I did not deduct any stars from the camera for this.Overall I am very impressed with the camera and platform and hope it will continue to mature and grow. I do have concerns with privacy and security settings that are the default ones on the camera. I think everyone should change them when first setting up the camera, otherwise it was a pleasant surprise to have it up and running so fast.