I bought this item to mount a very small lightweight camera (ATC3K)to my motorcycle and what initially attracted me to this item was the fact that it was advertised to handle 3 lb cameras. At only $20 this was a great bargain. With this in mind, I figured it would stand up to some abuse while using it mounted to my gas tank and to the fairings of my Suzuki GSXR. After recieving the unit through the post I opened up the package to find a rather heavy duty item. This thing just looked like it was designed to be put through the wringer. I immediately attached it to a mildly smooth table (not glass). I was amazed how strong the sution cup was when affixed and clamped down! I then mounted it to my tank and took it for a ride and sure as anything, that thing just stuck like it was welded to my tank. Playing back the footage I can see that it actually did a decent job of providing a little bit of cushion to the imperfections of the road while using the camera on some not-too-smooth roads. I was expecting much more shaky footage than I got from my camera. The ultimate test was my track bike. I have fibreglass bodywork on my track bike that I rattle canned myself when I bought the bike. I was never much concerned with looks so much as I just wanted the bike useable. When I rattle-canned the bodywork, the paint ran a little bit and I have imperfections where I mounted the suction cup. Nevertheless, that sucker stuck to my imperfect bodywork like it was welded on! I tried just the mount first. Then I mounted the camera on the side of the bike. AMAZING! I have heard some people are using this primarily for smooth surfaces like glass but I personally report that it will work on imperfect relatively smooth surfaces such as motorcycle fairings, unprofessionally painted surfaces, and the like.Pros: Cheap price, VERY sturdy materials, strong suction cup attached very well, fast shipping, standard universal camera bolt, compact size.Cons: None I could find.Bottom Line: BUY IT!!! You won't be disappointed.