After our second daughter was born September 14th, 2010 we decided to purchase a video monitor. After several hours of reading reviews and researching online I decided to go with the Lorex LW2003. The primary factor in deciding to go with the LW2003 were the good reviews of its predecessor, and the many features the product description touted, primarily the distance it advertised from the base unit. Upon un-boxing it I felt as though I had made the correct choice. It appeared to be well built and the design just seemed better than our neighbors several year older Summer "night and day." The screen size was certainly much larger at 2.4 inches and the display unit was more like a cell phone than the larger unit of the Summer night and day. Upon turning it on I discovered that the underside of the glass covering the screen either had a piece of something in it or the screen had dead pixels. It was difficult to tell which, but I think it was probably something under the glass. I could have lived with the display issue and had planned on it. However what I could not deal with was that the advertised 450 ft of distance capped out at closer to 15 feet out our back door, approximately 30  feet from the unit. I realize that the 450 ft is labeled as (clear-line-of-sight) notwithstanding this my neighbor's much older, and much less expensive Summer "night and day" unit gets reception from several hundred feet away, across the street, through two houses and into our kitchen. Juxtaposing the performance of that unit with my newer Lorex2003 is very discouraging, particularly because the Lorex advertises a greater distance, and yet just a few feet beyond our back porch the monitor display reads, "searching for base unit."  I can only assume that the wireless technology utilized for its "interference free digital signal" does not transmit nearly as strong of a signal.If distance outside your house is not important this may be an ok unit for you. For my family with a new born and an active 3 year old who likes to play in the back yard it is not sufficient. For us it is nice to be able to step out of the house and have our monitor with us in case the baby wakes up while we are watching our older daughter play. This unit does not allow us to do that, while others, namely the Summer unit discussed above clearly does.So I boxed it up today and I will be dropping it off at a UPS drop off tomorrow. I am thankful for Amazons return policy, but I won't be purchasing another Lorex. It looked like a good design, but when it comes to electronics function is always more important than form in my book.  I will probably go with a Summer unit, or maybe the phillips unit.