I bought this camera on Amazon a year ago at the end of August.  After searching the web it looked like this was the camera to get.  The decision was based on the quality of the image and the high praise for the U.S. based help center that they provided while you are setting up the camera.  After a few blitches and calls to the help center I was up and running and very happy.  Then the camera died with a blinking red light.  I finally got around to calling the service center help desk. It is now located in Jamaica and the phone connection was poor and there was a real language barrier.  After some trouble shooting, I basically was politely told that the camera was defective and that I should return it by tracked mail to their service center in Georgia.  The camera was still under warranty and I sent it off priority mail.  In less than a week I got a call from the Panasonic Service Center in Georgia and I could hardly understand the technician on the other end of the line as his foreign accent and poor English were distracting.  He said it had a water spot and the warranty was void.  When I talked to his supervisor (also foreign and next to impossible to understand) I was told that there was a spot on a circuit board from a water droplet and that the warranty was therefore void.  I asked him about a possible repair and he said it would cost more to replace it than for me to buy a new camera.  I asked that the camera be returned to me and that they should leave it unassembled so that I could see the spot.  They marked the spot with a marker pin.....at best a faint dull colored area of apparent corrosion on a thin metal strip on the board half way inside the camera.  There was no indication of any water having been inside the camera and the area of corrosion was towards the center back of the camera and not near the small openings on the bottom of the case where water might have entered.  Best I can tell, it could have been a point of inside condensation due to high humidity. So less than one year of usage and a returned product with no letter of regret or explanation other than a cost sheet that said "not economicalrepair".  Well, not the experience I expected after all the research I had done.