We bought this baby monitor a little under 1 year ago, and we have it installed on the wall in the baby room. It can also easily be removed from the wall (without worrying about messing with nails or holes in the wall), so we've also taken it with us on domestic and international trips. When we travel with it, we don't worry about trying to install it on a wall--we just hang it over the corner of the crib or pack n'play, adjust the angle of the camera, and it gets the job done. We can't live with out it. The picture is sharp, the sound can be as soft or as loud as you need it to be, and there are nifty auto-mute and auto-LED settings that you can activate with the touch of a button. It also starts beeping to let you know if the battery is low. The monitor worked perfectly until one day the sound stopped working. We contacted the manufacturer asking if we could be sent a replacement unit, and they responded back to us the next day. They first walked us through how to test the unit to see if it was the camera that malfunctioned or the monitor. Once we figured out the issue, the customer service representative said she would be happy to send us a brand new unit. All we had to do was provide our original Amazon order number, and proof that we had shipped the unit back to the manufacturer. We sent her a scanned copy of the UPS receipt, and that very same day she put in a request for a replacement unit, and expedited the shipping. We received the replacement unit less than 2 days later, which means we were only without a baby monitor for a total of 2 days. That was so important to us since we use the monitor everyday. We were terrified that we would have to wait weeks for a replacement unit, but Infant Optics was so helpful and responsive. We were also thankful that we received a brand new unit, rather than a refurbished unit, which many other companies tend to do. We were amazed at the high level of customer service. To top everything off, the customer service representative reached out to us about 1 week later just to check in and make sure the replacement unit was functioning correctly and that we were satisfied. Another great plus: InfantOptics makes it very easy to register your product for their one-year warranty--you just have to go to their website and put in your information and the Amazon order number. No need to dig up receipts or try to locate a serial number. We are so glad we decided to purchase this monitor over some of the other monitors that you typically see at the larger retail stores. Thank you!!