REASON FOR BUYING: I used to leave my PC turn on whole night. Since it is not designed to work 24 hours nobody know what may happen while I am sleeping. I treat my life more than 20 USD, that's why I decided to buy this fire alarm.EXTERIOR: When you open a box you will definitely notice that product is done from high quality materials. I am absolutely sure nobody wants to trust their life to some cheap Chinese copy that why I paid attention how good small parts are done and well fitted.SENSITIVITY: In the instruction it was strongly recommended not to test it with real fire or smoke but I am not that kind of person who will fallow all stupid instruction. How can I trust device which I personally did not test in real life? :D So I installed the alarm and set peace of paper on fire...1) I was expecting that photo element will notice the flames and start alarm but nothing happened during 30 seconds. The fire was located just 30-40 centimeters away from alarm. The first idea which came to my mind: wtf, does it need half of my root to be on fire for activating alarm? That's not what I was expecting...2) Then I tried to place flaming paper in that way, so the smoke will hit the alarm and in 5 sec I headed long-awaited sound of alarm :)Right now I have a doubt: may be the photo element require dark room to detect flames? Once I will have some more free time, I will defiantly make this kind of test and update my review. Right now as a conclusion - the device have good sensitivity for smoke detection but very bad for flame.SOUND LEVEL: The sound is very loud. You can easily get become deaf if you will stay one meter away from this alarm for a long time.INSTALLATION: The installation of alarm is easy. Instead of using screws I personally used double sided sticky tape, which glued to the wall tightly (later when I decided to move alarm a bit higher, I cannot unmount holder from the wall)FALSE ALARM: It is not much time since I installed it, so I can say nothing about amount of false alarms (I do not have any) but it was written that you can easily fix that by cleaning it with regular vacuum cleaner (once per month).