After all the wonderful reviews for this monitor I was really looking forward to using it.  What a disappointment.  I'm going to have to return it; it simply does not meet our family needs, and here's why:Cons:- Having only one parent monitor is extremely limiting.  So many nights I'll be upstairs in my office and my husband will be downstairs watching TV, or I'll be on the treadmill in the basement, and only one of us is able to hear and see the kids.- The up/down range of motion is somewhat limited.  My old monitor did not have the circular range of motion, but it was very good in terms of up/ down.  Which means, I can keep the monitor up on a shelf or on top of a piece of furniture far away from my 2.5 yr old's curious hands.  This monitor only goes so far up and down, which means, I can't place it too high, or it doesn't show me the full bed or crib.  This is again, very limiting.  In order to see my son's toddler bed, I have to place the camera across the room and at relative waist-level, which means during the day he reaches for it, or sometimes he'll get up at night to see what the green light is all about.  Very frustrating.- The biggest downside to this monitor system is the battery life.  As I mentioned, with only one parent unit, if it goes dead, you're completely without a monitor, and that's what happens EVERY NIGHT!  We charge the battery all day (from 7AM to 9PM), and yet, inevitably, it runs out of juice sometime in the middle of the night when we're sleeping and by morning it's totally dead and turned itself off, so we may as well not have a monitor at all.  What's the point in having a monitor if you can't trust it to stay charged for 8 hours?Pros:  To be fair, there are great qualities to this product, that I should give credit:- The quality of the video is excellent, both the day (in color) and night (infrared/ black and white).  I can clearly see everything in view.- The lateral range of motion with remote capabilities is fantastic.  I can literally see all around the room (almost a complete 360), so even when my son gets out of bed, I can see what he's doing.  I love this feature.- The set-up and use is very easy.  It's intuitive and easy to figure out.All in all, I may have learned to live with only having the one parent unit, but the battery life is not something we can compromise.  We really need a monitor that is reliable and which we can count on to last through the night.