completely renders your home wireless network useless.UPDATE 04/2012 Based on 1.5 years of use do not buy this... Read all the reviews on amazon and trust me buy something else.UPDATE 04/2012The part where you plug in the USB plug to charge the monitor just broke, I opened it up and it completely broke off the circuit board and by looking at it you can easily see why, the only thing holding it on is a small amount of soldier and nothing else. We have baby number two on the way and now need two new monitors where we had hoped to just add an additional camera. We got over (or should say had to live with) the  wifi interference i mention below by just turning on the monitor to check everything is ok and then turn it off...it completely brings down your wifi network when it's on. If your watching Netflix or even just browsing the iternet you cannot use the monitor at the same time.The description says "free from interference from cordless phones, microwaves, game controllers, and even Wi-Fi and Bluetooth devices." THIS IS QUITE DECEIVING. Yes your home network will "somewhat" not interfere with this product (we do get a slight buzz in the audio from our home wifi network), HOWEVER this product will interfere with your wifi network making it not work at all. We have a 40Mbps connection, and have a wireless n/g router and when we turn the baby monitor handset on our download speeds drop to 100Kbps or less. Deceptive description in my opinion.I am not sure if the interference is only on the 2.4GHz range or if all of our devices were N and we were on the 5GHz maybe we would be ok??? I don't see what Lorex says what frequency it operates on??Anyways, we bought this product before the baby came and so our return date has since past. The description claiming free from interference from wifi networks is not true and if you have a home network i would stay away from this product. Even if you have an "n/g" router and all your devices are "n" as soon as you may add one device that is "g" the whole things drops to "g" which is where there is definitely interference.