We broke our Summer Infant video monitor and decided to purchase this one because we had found a good deal on it and liked the idea of having an additional camera. I LOVE it! It beats the Summer Infant one hands down...and that one will run you over $200 brand new.Features I like:-Talk back feature. Best thing ever. I can see my kids playing and address issues without running up the stairs every 5 minutes. (For example: stop pushing your sister, I can see you! Haha) I also used it with the little girl I watch during the week who sometimes gets insecure during naptime. I can talk to her through the monitor and tell her it's ok, lie down and go to sleep. She settles right down! Great. :)-Multiple camera capability. You can display each camera's view on screen all at once or one at a time with just a push of a button. Very nice. If I hear a noise and think my child is waking up I just check on each one quickly then go on about my business. We previously only had a camera in my daughter's room, facing her crib. Now we have one in my 4 year old son's room and it has come in very handy. We are planning on getting additional cameras to monitor the playroom and family room so we can keep an eye on the kids better while being able to do other things like laundry, etc.-Portability:The charge lasts for hours in power save mode. I usually carry it with me during the day and plug it into the charger at night. I had it with me at the neighbor's house while my daughter was asleep (hubby was home!) and still got great reception.Cons:-No you will not be able to take fabulous pictures "capturing those special moments" with this camera. The picture quality is just not good enough compared to a real camera meant to take still pictures with. However if you really wanted to, you could take a photo of what is on the screen. The image quality is fine- clear enough to see and monitor your child. Not to put in a photo album.-No zoom. You get what you get. However, the camera has better positioning capability than the Summer Infant so we are able to get it at the angle we want it to and have just left it there. If you want a camera with more features such as zoom or remote adjusting- you will need get a more expensive one.For what we need this camera is perfect and was budget-friendly. Amazon has a much better deal than the manufacturer's website or Costco (where we got it).