I thought this was a great idea so I got it.  It promptly fried 2 cams as I was plugging them in. This power supply (PS) puts all the voltage to a single outlet when plugged in, then divides accordingly per camera, in other words, it doesn't regulate the outputs.  Had I plugged in all 4 cams THEN plugged the PS into the 120 volt outlet, I thinks things would have been okay.  A (PS) unit like this should have its power outputs isolated and regulated, period! Units of higher quality will typically do this.  I have many guitar pedals that run off of a single 9 VDC (PS) similar to this one that do in fact isolate and regulate the way it should be done and I've never had an issue using one or two of 8 or so outputs on pedal costing $100's, some of which are connected to PC based recording equipment. Regardless, when all 4 cams are plugged in, the two 100' (16GA solid copper wires) runs are grossly under powered resulting in poor image quality and the IR will not work at night causing the those cams to go offline unless there is a light source in the field of view of the cam.  With individual PS's, this has simply never been an issue for the past 3 years, (I got this 4 in 1 unit to save outlet space).  Last night, 3 of the 4 cams went offline for no apparent reason and an acrid smell of burning electronics was emanating from the dedicated PC that hosts the cams.  Now I have NO security system and a lot of money up in smoke.  For sure, the DVR is toast and until I can get my system back online, I will not know if the cams survived this. This $19 PS (POS!!) may have just cost me a $1,000 in fried equipment!  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!! Buyer beware!Update 01/04/2012:  Someone commented that it is impossible for the host PC to have been damaged by back-feeding current.  While I agree it is highly unlikely and I'm no electrical engineer, but this setup did in fact fry the USB circuits on the motherboard rendering the $1,800 PC useless until costly MoBo is replaced. I have since done away with that entire configuration and went with a dedicated Linux based 4 port CCTV DVR purchased from Amazon and went back to 4 individual power supplies and have not had one second of down time in the past year.  As for the "old" PC, it's collecting dust in the garage!