As I said in my other reviews, I have never sat down to review products in the past.  But as a mother of a toddler and an infant, I feel I owe something to mothers out there everywhere (and a few dads, but realistically, it's us moms researching the heck out of these things and over-analyzing every product and every review trying to get the best for our time and money).  I have been through three video monitors, and this one is the best by far.  The quality is fantastic, the sound is crystal clear (and no buzzing or white noise in the background like other monitors have), the unit is small and VERY portable.  Like some other reviews said, it does have a short battery life.  But we mostly use it at night when we can plug it in next to our bed, so that's not been an issue for us. The bells and whistles are great - love the talk back feature, love the lullabies (sounds silly, but when our infant son's music goes off, it will wake him up and he gets upset...I can just hit a button without going in and voila! more music until he drifts into a deeper sleep), LOVE the pan and tilt feature.  When you have a squirmy kid, what good does a monitor do you if you can only see half of the crib and the kiddo has wormed their way to the other side?  Plus, when we eventually buy more camera units, it will be great to have that in the playroom and our toddler's room so we can see what's going on.  We have only has this a short time, so I hope nothing quits on us, but so far, I'm a huge fan.  I didn't want to spend this much on a monitor - I reviewed all the middle of the pack ones that were less expensive, but this had everything we would ever need and so many before me had given it great reviews.  I will join that list - this is an excellent product.  Look no further.  Do what you can to spend the extra money and get this unit.  I'm not a techie, and I choose my baby products carefully and with a budget in mind, so if I decided to splurge on this, it is definitely worth it.  Good luck!