Ok first off I wish I would have purchased this ages ago. This is such a great system, easily setup and superb video quality. I definitely recommend installing the software, then go to updates and update the Logitech commander software and the camera.A few tips, the ethernet cat5e cord that comes with the camera is not super long, so just be prepared to order a longer cable if you need it. Definitely get a flat cat 5e cord as it must be flat to fit into the back of the camera so you can screw it closed and keep it waterproof. The plug in ends of the cable cannot have much plastic around the cable bc then it will not fit in the camera casing to screw it closed....I ordered a standard 25ft cable from amazon and just spend some time carefully trimming down the end so it will fit with fingernail clippers. I do not know about other individuals, but my master camera did not come with an adapter to connect cat5e cables together to lengthen....the instructions with contents listed an adapter but it was not included (ours was brand new, unopened, not refurbished).All in all though, gosh it is a great system, I highly recommend it! Love the OS and Android apps you can download to view remotely. I will note I found viewing on my samsung phone and tablet, it is a very live feed....on my ipad there is definitely a 1 to 2 minute delay...hopefully others have not had this issue but its no biggie to us. There are alot of neat features on the commander software...you can turn off any lights emitting from the camera from your desktop, enable sound recording, zoom in and out, pan the camera around, view all your recordings, erase the included 2GB micro SD card that comes with the camera to have a fresh batch of data for recording, adjust the sensitivity of the camera for motion detection and choose sections in the camera view that youd like to target for specific recording if there is motion in that area...plus a bunch more features.I guess I was always hesitant to drop the money to get a actual security camera aside from just a 10 dollar dummy one, but honestly it is definitely worth it! I would not recommend purchasing at a pricepoint over 300, since Logitech sells the unit for 299 at their site, but 299 or under it is WORTH it!