I got three of these with the hopes of being able to set up a cheap monitoring system at home.  The interface for the cameras is pretty clunky, but I didn't expect much more for what they cost.  I found them to be most reliable when using a static IP instead of DHCP.  Testing them over ethernet worked great, but when I transitioned them all to wireless (802.11g), they were spotty at best.The wireless router they were connected to was a brand new Netgear R7000, and there weren't any issues at that end.  When testing the connection and pings over ethernet, I couldn't find any faults with the cameras.  They really worked great.  The only thing that would have made them better in that configuration is if they also supported PoE.  When testing pings to each camera over the wireless, there was a LOT of latency and dropped packets.  If the cameras were in close proximity to the wireless router and had little to no object interference, the pings were very consistent, and they would rarely drop any packets.  I moved one camera to another room, and it started dropping packets like crazy.  Connecting this same camera to a wireless bridge in that room eliminated the dropped packets.  This suggests that the wireless transmitters in these cameras just aren't up to today's standards.  One regular drywall wall shouldn't be enough to kill 802.11g.Things got even worse when I attempted to pull video from the cameras wirelessly.  Over ethernet, I could max out the resolution and frame rate on each camera.  Over wireless, I got spotty results running at half resolution and 10fps.  After a while, the each camera would eventually drop off the network.  Sometimes they would come back on their own, but most times they needed to be reset manually.  I noticed that the individual ping times to each camera would gradually build and build as soon as you started streaming video from them.  We're talking pings of up to 1600ms before the cameras dropped off the network.  The frequency of dropped packets also increased after starting the video feed.  Again, it seems like the wireless transmitters just aren't up to snuff, because I had no issues running these cameras over ethernet.I was very hopeful for these cameras due to the feature set (it even seems like there are custom CGI commands that you can run) and the overall cost.  Because these were purchased specifically for wireless use, and that was the one way in which they could not perform, I had to return them.  If you're looking for a cheap cheap cheap WIRED pan/tilt camera solution, then these will probably work fine.  If wireless is a requirement, look for something else.If you do want to use these (or any IP camera, really), I strongly suggest you look into a free product called iSpy (www.ispyconnect.com).  Even these EasyN cameras were able to configured and controlled from that software, as well as many other pro, mid, and cheapo brands.