This camera is great for the price. In fact, nothing I have tried under $400 comes close to the features and reliability of these cams. The cameras seem to hold up to full outdoor exposure well. Six cameras inside and under overhangs and three cameras in completely exposed areas for the past 6+ months with no issues other than a couple of bad power supplies.(the power supplies are very cheap as you might imagine)That said, I have now installed 9 of these and have it down pretty well, but it is definitely not simple.Here are a couple of tips for install.1. Throw away the disk - it never works to find the cameras, software is terrible and barely in english, will just frustrate you2. Power it up and hold the red reset button for 30 seconds - I have had to do this on every single one of them for them to get an ip address3. Find the ip address it gets by going into your router and checking the dhcp leases, if you have a decent router it will identify the camera as ipcam_************_1(* represent a string of random characters) - if you can't find it that way, you can install a free software called "angry ip scanner" from angryip.org and scan your network using that.4. Use the ip address you find to access the camera in a browserThings I have found about the hardware that you may be interested in.1. The wireless receivers are weak. The signal where you install them must be very strong or it will drop frequently.2. Wireless performance is slow even in strong signal locations. (looks like stop motion video) Best I have gotten on wireless is 15fps, but average is 8-10fps.3. Video quality is very good on wired connections4. Field of view is very narrow. Almost all of my units lenses have been replaced with wider lenses as the fov was too smallIf you intend to record with this camera you will need software as the built in software is a mess. Invest in blueiris software. It is very cheap compared to other surveillance software, works excellently and will save you tremendous frustration.