Purchased this product when Amazon had it on their Gold Box.  It is quite a deal for $199.  The setup of the DVR and cameras was quite easy along with the initial configuration.  Swann recommends that you use a router with uPnP (Plug and Play) configuration, but provides for routers that do not have this configuration.  I am in an all Apple environment with an Apple Extreme Router, Macintosh computer, with iPhone and iPad.  The Apple Extreme does not have uPnP included, so I was concerned.  It requires that it be configured with port forwarding  and the Apple Extreme does not support this mode.  The configuration is far from simple and I would call it very complex.One of the best things about this Swann system is their support.  On the Amazon site it says that "Excellent" support is provided, and indeed that is the case.  I certainly give them five stars for their support and more!  They were able to log on to my Macintosh computer remotely and assist with the configuration of Safari on the computer, the configuration of all the port forwarding on the router, and final configuration necessary for the DVR itself.I would say that they included documentation is less than satisfactory.  It would be nice to have a step by step process for the setup and configuration for the internet.  But the lack of adequate documentation is more than made up by their super telephone support.  I would certainly recommend that if you get one of these units, that you do the basic set up and then call for assistance with the computer, router, and DVR configuration.  It will save you a lot of grief.I would now say that this would have been a good product at the regular price on Amazon and it was only better because I happened to find it on their Gold Box deals.So YES, it does work in an Apple environment with all apple equipment.  I presume that there is no problem with a pc and windows setup, but apple is always a little more problematic with outside vendors.By the way, the DVR is quite simple to use and does a good job with the pictures.  I only rate this product down to 4 stars because I think they could do a better job with documentation.