I've actually had this camera since 2011, so I have quite a bit of experience with it. The camera itself is very high quality. I have had it outdoors for almost two years now, and it has taken the weather like a champ. It has never failed me. That said, I have mixed emotions about this product. My main complaints are regarding Logitech's software and service. Several of its remote features require an $80/year "premium" service fee, which I think is ridiculous. They should be standard. They charge because they proxy all viewing traffic through their servers. This makes the camera extremely easy to set up, but it also constantly causes delays when viewing due to server/bandwidth congestion. When viewing from a mobile device, you will be staring at a "loading video" message more often than actually viewing the camera footage. All of this is fixed by dropping Logitech's software and using Blue Iris instead. I recently switched, and I am very pleased.What I like:* Small body attracts little attention. People have rarely even noticed that it existed.* Weather proof body* Image is bright and clear, but not "HD." It is difficult to read a license plate on a parked car. It is not possible at all if the car is moving.* Very easy to set up due to power line communication provided by the Master System* Logitech's servers facilitate locating and connecting to the cameras from mobile devices. This is much more user friendly than having to identify your external IP address and open proper firewall ports.* Night vision works well.What I don't like:* Lack of physical Pan/Tilt/Zoom. The digital PTZ degrades the image quality.* When viewing your camera remotely, Logitech restricts you to 3 minutes (10 minutes if you pay for "premium") at a time before it disconnects you.* Logitech's servers and/or bandwidth seem to be overly burdened. It takes a long time to connect to the feed and then is has to keep "loading video" over and over.* While the lens is wide screen, the video resolution is not. So it creates some distortion of the image.* It only produces 15 fps max.* Last January, Logitech announced they will be selling their digital video security divisions (http://www.engadget.com/2013/01/23/logitech-q3-earnings-selling-harmony-remotes/), so I'm not sure what that means for the product's future.If you have a PoE (power over ethernet) switch, or PoE injector, within range of the 50ft cable that comes with the camera, you can save yourself some money and buy the camera by itself without the Master System.Like I said before, almost all of the issues that I have with this camera are resolved with the Blue Iris software Foscam Blue Iris Professional - Supports Many IP Camera Brands Including Foscam and Agasio, Zone Motion Detection, H.264 Compression Recording, E-mail And SMS Text Messaging Alerts! for a one time cost. It is more difficult to set up, and it isn't as aesthetically pleasing, but it is much more versatile and functional.