This is a very good camera.  Used a 32GB card with it and set it up for dawn to dusk recording with a picture interval set to 2 sec.The batteries last about 5-6 weeks with the picture interval set to 1 picture/sec, or 1 picture every 2 seconds. The files it would record came in at over 2.4GB per day in most instances.The Macintosh Gamefinder software would load and play any file that was sized less than 2.4GB.  Any file above this sizewould place a tiny dot in the upper left corner of the Gamefinders window.  That would be all it would show.Moving the files to a windows computer allowed the time lapse movies to play.  So if you have a Macintosh andwish to record at faster intervals, you will have a problem.  I'd contacted Day6 about this, and they claimed it had been fixed.Their downloads/support page indicates that the software for the Macintosh is at version 1.5.  However, when you perform a get infoon the application, it indicates it's at version 1.0.  The date stamp is Sept 6, 2011, but it's hard to figure if that means they updatedthe app to version 1.5, and forgot to update the version being reported to get info.  Perhaps a link at their web site is queueing the older softwarefor download.  They were responsive the first couple of times I'd contacted them, but have ignored my further efforts to contact them.  It might be that thissituation does not occur often enough to expend the effort to fix the mac gamefinder software to display files larger than 2.4GB.I was using this camera for surveillance and it was useful in catching people driving onto our property, but the higher capture rate wasneeded due to how fast thieves work.  For most purposes this is one of the best systems I've used.  But if you only have access to a Macintosh, then keep the pictures  being captured to onceevery 5 seconds or more.  That should keep the file size under 2.4GB where displaying the pictures breaks the Gamefinder app.  Or find a windowscomputer to view them with.  I would also recommend the optional zoom lens.  This provides for more places to conceal the device than just having the standard lensavailable would allow.  Changing between either lens is simple and quick.  Overall, I think this is a very good system, but I'm dinging them one star for their mac support.