Seriously, if you are looking at this camera you should have already seen the good and bad reviews and everything related(specs, price, compatibility(if even applicable), etc)..RULE #1...the ONLY rule you need to know!***READ/USE the top review for this camera***You will NEED to use some of the tips and things suggested in that review just to get this camera working.Now, getting it to work OUTside your network?? no thanks.That is a whole different ballgame..for me..You need either: Masters in Computer Science/networking, or be a 14yr old wiz kid..! LOLThe manual is definitely needed, and IMHO, worthy of being called a manual...or I guess "fold out" quick start guide kinda thing..I used the manual to completely setup the camera to my PC(directly wired to the router), and then the #1 review above for the rest of the config for getting this to work on the wireless from our Apple and Android phones/tabs/etc..I highly recommend getting the app, "Bi Smartey" for either Apple or Android. It works MUCH better than just using a web browser..You can Pan/Tilt the camera so that it "patrols/sweeps" from the app. You cannot do this from the MOBILE browser interface. So you have to move the camera step by step with every click on your phone's screen...it takes a few minutes to go the full rotation of the camera.That brings up one REALLY important spec of this camera that is either not explained very well...This camera does NOT rotate 270deg horizontally......it is more like 300-320deg!!! There is almost ZERO gap in coverage from side to side..it is great!Also, some reviews said the audio was not working/good/etc..Our's works fine. the MIC does NOT work on the camera(or atleast we have not noticed it yet), but the camera DOES "play" sounds when you speak into your phone's MIC.etc..I do think I will "fiddle" with this (I am an electrical engineer) to see if I can get a good MIC working on it to be more useful as a baby,nursery monitor...I recommend this camera to everyone I know. It is awesome! And has already proven its worth.(we bought it to catch our dogs, or to see which dog was eating paper items(magazines/books/DVD cover sleeves/etc left on the coffee table, or even hidden way up out of reach...)  throughout the house when we had left the house.We caught them within the first 20min that the camera was up and running. ;-)Will get another one for the nursery once the baby is born!Cheers!Brent