I wanted a camera system to keep an eye on my vacation property. Before I found the Logitech system I tried a pair of foscam cameras. Never again! I'm not an IT professional but I know how to get around my network. I spent countless hours trying to get those cameras to work remotely with no success. I have no idea how that could be the #1 rated camera on Amazon other than the pile of bogus reviews upping their rating.That's when I began to look for an easier to set up option. The Logitech Alert system is just that. Within minutes I had the camera up and running. I can't imagine how it could be any easier. I'm so impressed I'm ordering two more. I went with indoor cameras to watch the front and back of my home. I did that partly for simplicity and the fact that I didn't want someone to show up with a ladder and help themselves to my camera. As others have mention the night vision is useless if you have the camera looking through glass as the IR lights reflect back at the lens and wash the picture out.The camera has a fixed lense so you can't pan, tilt or zoom. The good news is the fixed lense is quite good. With the Web Commander ($80/yr), or from the computer you set the camera(s) up on, you can use the zoom button to focus in on one area which brings the image closer but I wouldn't call it a true zoom.I use the mobile apps for my ipad and iphone. They have worked perfectly with no problems. I find the mobile apps more user friendly than the Web Commander for reviewing past recorded clips and a snapshot of the image is shown.To date the camera has been working flawlessly for a month. I opted for the $80/year subscription so I could remotely view the video. You can view the camera for free but you have no control remotely if you wanted to view the recorded video or change the settings. I was concerned that having the camera send video back to the Logitech server for storage would adversely impact my internet usage at the vacation home. Surprisingly the amount of data has been negligible. I'm allotted 100 GB per month and in the last month I have used less than .5 GB.Coming from my frustrating foscam experience I could only go up and the Logitech Alert system did not disappoint me. It does exactly what it claims to do without messing around with router settings etc.  Granted it's only been a month but the product has performed perfectly and is worthy of 5 stars.