This is a superb camera but it is not for the technologically challenged. The hardware, software and manual all originated in China. The English translation of the manual is pretty good but not perfect. The system was designed for Far Eastern conditions so it requires a little adaptation if you are in the U.S. Download and study the manual before you try to install this. Do not rely on the "quick start guide". There are two ways to use this camera - with a computer or with a smartphone and HUB (which you have to buy extra). I tried both. The HUB failed on me after a week, but you are much better off using a computer with their control program (free download or CD). Much more control. Be advised you will need a Windows operating system on your computer and while it will work with firefox or other browser, it is really designed for Internet Explorer. Note that you will have to enable UPnP to access this camera remotely. You cannot do it manually (at least so far as I know). Port forwarding you can set on your router. Once installed you can access your camera via the Insteon cloud or directly via camera's program on your computer. The latter gives you much more control.The camera can be connected either by ethernet cable or wireless. I am using wireless and it works really well, but my camera is close to my gateway so I cannot say what the wireless range is. I am using WEP encryption, but it will work with WPA, WPA2 or open system (no ecryption).This camera has more features than you can shake a stick at, too numerous to all mention here. The picture is sharp and clear. The night vision is really amazing. It is fully automatic and the picture it displays from total darkness looks like it is broad daylight. The pan and scan work well locally or remotely and give you a wide field of vision. 300 degrees horizontally and 120 degrees vertically. It has two way audio so you can hear as well as see what is going on and scare intruders by saying something like "You are under arrest!". I haven't tried all the other features, which include motion detection, recording (both automatic and manual) automatic alarms, e-mail or messenging notification of intrusions, and a host of other features which you can read about in the manual. An amazing device in a small package.