I wasn't sure which camera to get because quite frankly the reviews so mixed for both the Belkin HD with Night Vision and the DropCam Pro.My use for the cameras is to keep an eye on my pets while not at home, as well as the dog-walker to takes care of them while I am out. I set the Belkin up in my kitchen to view anyone coming in the door and the DropCam upstairs to keep an eye on the dogs.First issue with this Belkin. I literally get over FIFTY motion detection emails a day, at that is a low estimage. There is NO ONE in my house and no movement shown on the tiny screenshots sent to my email. Secondly, there is no notification from the app. So if I have the email settings on my phone turned off, I do not get an alert with sound, which considering the number of false alarms, is probably a good thing. Then the email itself, just shows a screenshot of the (non-motion) versus a live feed (more on that in a second). Using the app, to view any clips that may have been taken if there was actual movement requires a subscription to Belink for their cloud service, which I don't think I really need at this point. My last issue is that for some reason the view on my phone shows on the display vertically so I have to turn my phone to view the screen correctly, which is really just an annoyance.Had I not also purchased the DropCam Pro, most of these things might not bother me as much. But with that, the downloaded app alerts me to real movement, so I can actually go into the camera app and view a live feed or any activities that may have recently happened if I missed them (with pretty good sound). You can purchase the cloud also, but I just want to make sure things are good with my dogs here and there, not really storing any data long term. I also get an email with the same thing, but the link through the app is perfect. I don't get any false alarms and the picture/sound I find much better. The only downside to this device, is that you do need a computer/laptop at this point to do the initial set-up, but like the Belkin it was pretty easy.I am not a tech/gadet person and I really wanted to like the less expensive product. However, after using both cameras for a few days, I will be purchasing an additional DropCam and returning the Belkin. It is well worth the money for the quality and convenience, especially the WAY better app for Android.