We got this monitor after getting two Summer Infant Touch monitors that were defective (review for SI monitor on Amazon).  We have only had it for 3 days but like it so much compared to the SI monitor (even when it worked) that I thought I would go ahead and post a review and then add to it down the road.Things we really like:- Better picture then SI monitor - significantly clearer- Longer range then SI monitor - much further- Less interference- Lighter parent handset- We like that there is no touch screen as it was difficult at times to get the touch screen to respond on the SI monitor- Has place to hang camera above crib as SI doesThings we don't like or can do without:- Battery life is shorter then SI- The ability to change the volume is not as convenient with the SI monitor- Menu function not as user friendly - but still easy to use- Temperature is off by 3-5 degrees, it reads warmer then what it is, but we have a thermometer already in the nursery so no big deal.- Has some extra stuff we don't need like lullaby's- Cord for camera is not as long as SI and SI sends you clips to keep cord from reach of your little one.Overall where it matters, picture clarity and range and interference, the Motorola significantly outperforms the SI Touch.  Even with the defectiveness of the SI monitor aside, I would still highly encourage you spend the extra money and purchase the Motorola.  I would also encourage you to purchase from Amazon per the outstanding customer service I received as outlined in my SI Touch review.February 28th UPDATE:About 5 months later and this monitor is still working great for us. Still gives a great picture and has good range. We also realized that we really like that it will beep when it is out of range. The SI touch model did not and if we were in the yard the signal would drop without us even moving at times and we wouldn't even know that the SI monitor had dropped signal until we looked at it. The Motorola beeps as soon as the signal drops. We are very happy with it and would encourage someone to purchase this over the SI touch monitor.UPDATE October 2013Over a year out and the monitor is still working great and we love it. We would still recommend it to anyone that is interested in a video monitor.