I purchased this drive to mount into a ThermalTake Max 5 Enclosure for use with a DirecTV Genie HR44-700 High Definition DVR. Not all enclosures and drives will work with the DirecTV DVRs, they can be quite picky. This combo works perfectly. The enclosure was a breeze to put the drive in, with the one necessary tool provided by ThermalTake. I am mechanically challenged, and had no difficulty sliding the drive into place. The enclosure had two fans that are dead quiet. I had to put my hands up to feel the air.The drive itself is exactly what I was looking for. It fit the enclosure, was recognized immediately by the HD-DVR with no prior formatting, and will hold over 400 hours of HD material. I couldn't be happier.Note for DirecTV HD-DVR users:The DirecTV HD-DVRs are VERY picky about recognizing an external drive. The steps below need to be followed, precisely, or the drive will not be recognized by the DVR, leaving you to think there is something wrong.1. Do a MENU > SETTINGS & HELP > RESET > RESTART Receiver (of the HD-DVR) DO NOT RESET DEFAULTS or RESET EVERYTHING2. When the front panel lights of the HD-DVR go out, pull the power plug immediately.3. Connect the eSATA cable between the TT Max 5 enclosure and the HD-DVR4. Plug the power into the Max 5 enclosure and wait one minute for it to spin up/settle in.5. Plug the power cord of the HD-DVR back in, and it will begin to boot.Observe the following:1. The front power/activity light on the Max 5 will blink intermittently. (showing activity)2. The TV will show a message (briefly): "formatting external drive"If you don't see some blinking of the drive light or see the brief message (formatting), then something went wrong, and you have to start over.Additional Notes for DirecTV Users:I was able to use this drive with a StarTech Drive Cloner (Amazon):http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003WV5DLA/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1It perfectly copied a 2 TB (five years old) WD20EVDS to this new WD20EURS drive. I let it go overnight, put it back in my ThermalTake BlacX SATA dock and the HR24-200 DVR booted right back up as if the original drive was in it. Highly recommended!