After doing a fair amount of research on this camera and seeing mixed reviews, I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but when I received the camera I was pleasantly surprised.As far as windows compatibility - one reviewer mentioned that this camera doesn't work on Windows XP - I use it with Windows 7, but just out of curiosity I set it up on a desktop running XP and found that it worked without any trouble - I can't speak for that reviewer, but my computer isn't cluttered with a lot of junk that might interfere with this or other pieces of hardware, which might have made all the difference in installation. Also, when I bought this camera, I had already browsed every networking, port forwarding, and IP camera forum you could think of, and learned A LOT about networking in the process. You should have a basic knowledge of networking and internet settings if you want to set up this or any camera to be viewed from another location, which will vary depending on the router and modem. I'm moderately computer savvy, and it took some reading before I was able to understand the more advanced features of this camera. However, it's a greatly satisfying feeling when everything comes together and is working properly.The camera is not without its faults. For some reason the Bsearch.exe software occasionally has trouble opening a browser, even when the camera is detected and displayed. To bypass this, I found that typing the camera's IP address directly into the address bar works. Next, the installation CD and manual are on a mini CD - As an old fashioned guy, I'd like to see a print manual. Also, mini CD's don't work in all disk drives. Lastly, as someone mentioned, the web interface is as quite ugly! Not polished at all and looks tacky.Now for the good stuff: The initial setup is fast. After plugging everything in and doing some basic configurations, I was viewing it on my wireless network in minutes. The wealth of features crammed into this thing is impressive. You can read about them in other reviews or the description. Basically, short of tasing intruders, it has everything I could ask for in an IP camera. Also, the included software is useful for setting up scheduled recordings and managing multiple cameras on one system.The bottom line: I am very satisfied with my purchase, and love the features of this camera.