I bought this cam for 1 purpose - to catch the guy who decided to start stealing package deliveries from my front porch during the day while I'm at work.Arrived last Friday (made sure I was home to get it before it was stolen), set it up over the weekend, and was expecting a delivery on Monday.I also set this up with sensr.net (very simple), which uploads your camera images/recordings to their ftp server.  You can get 1 day of storage for free and it's easily viewable remotely.Using my phone, on Monday I saw my delivery pkg sitting on the front porch about 11:45, and an hour later it was gone!  When I got home and viewed the recording on my PC, it clearly showed the guy stealing it from my porch.Phoned police, they came by, watched the video, printed some still shots for them and gave them a copy of the recording.  Cop was impressed with the quality and said he's seen bank surveillance cameras that didn't record as well.  They proceeded to then bust the perpetrator that night.So that's why I'm giving this little cam 5 stars - it did exactly what I had hoped it would, and saved me ALOT of future trouble with this thief.  It worked so well, I'm going to buy a couple more for viewing other areas around the house.Couple of other points:- you really do need to follow the included instructions exactly for it to connect wirelessly to your router.  If you do, it's simple.  Initial setup requires a wired connection to your router - make sure you launch a new browser to see it wirelessly after you disconnect the cable.  It took me a few tries after disconnecting the ethernet cable and I thought it was not working, before I read the instructions again and it stated to repeat a step where you're relaunching the browser.-I didn't do the IP forwarding thing to make visible to a web page - because I'm lazy, and it looked too complicated, and the sensr.net thing seemed a better option and was a very simple setup- color is kind of washed out, but for surveillance, I don't really care about the color- I found the infrared/night viewing outside totally useless with this cam.  It's mounted just inside a window and all it does is completely reflect off the window - even with a light on outside.  Although this would be a nice to have working feature, it wasn't a requirement for me.