I am returning this product, but before I get to why I am returning it...I want to clear up a few misconceptions.  It is very clear that many users did NOT read the directions.There are three ways to use this monitor.1. With video and sound on at all times (Yes, It will drain the battery quickly).2. With video turning off after 3 minutes of no sound above 60 dB (Therefore, conserving battery by not continually showing the video).  *It will turn back on if it senses loud sounds (baby crying, yelling).3. With video AND sound off - only turning on when there are loud sounds heard. (This is what other monitors call "sleep mode"...so that the parents aren't hearing the baby moving around in the crib...only the sounds that need to be heard at night).If you're having problems with no sound, or not video, or it cutting in and out.  READ THE DIRECTIONS.Now.....why am I returning it?1. There is a constant "hum" and "crackling" sound coming from the parent unit.  It didn't matter that I turned off my wifi.  It continued to happen.  I know a lot of users complained that this messed up their wifi...well I don't know if mine did or not. I even followed the directions in the manual to fix the problem. I can tell you that it continued to happen despite my router being turned off.  And it didn't matter how close or far away I was from the camera with the parent unit, so it wasn't a reception problem either.2.  The video quality wasn't as good as I expected.  There was a lot of "noise"....you photographer people will understand.3.  Even on the highest volume setting - it was hard to hear my daughter.  The high setting on this monitor compared to low-medium volume setting of my old monitor.4.  The manual states to point the antennae down if you have this monitor on a higher floor.  That way it's always pointed down toward the below floors where you most likely will be with the parent unit.  Well now you can't turn the camera on and off.  The antennae blocks it.5.  It's light weight and cheap feeling.  I have a feeling that if my toddler accidentally got a hold of it once...it'd be toast.  My other monitor parent unit has been abused by my toddler and it's still going fine.I REALLY wanted to love this monitor.  You get what you pay for I guess.  I'm bummed.