EDIT: 8/27/13 - I discovered that the Firewall Whitelist/Blacklist Functionality in the FI9821W ONLY blocks access to the HTTP/HTTPS ports. i.e. IP addresses NOT on the whitelist can still access the data stream. I notified Foscam of this and they stated it was by design. I was relying on the whilelist to block ALL access outside the whitelist. I have since unplugged my camera when it's not in use and blocked it from the internet. This is with the version info below. Taking away one star for poor security.System firmware version:1.2.1.1App firmware version:1.1.1.13Web version:2.0.1.1Plug-in version:2.0.1.3I've been reasonably pleased with the FI9821W. Prior to buying it, I bought and returned a FI8910W because of constant crashing.FI9821W Pros* Image quality and resolution looked good on 1080p laptop display.* The web interface is intuitive and easy to use.* The interface provides the ability to rename default users and to define multiple user classes (i.e. admin, power user, view only).* Software provides the ability to rename device and define ports.* Built in SSL support.* I was able to quickly setup 3rd party apps for my Android phone. I ended up buying "IP Cam Viewer" after trying several tools.* Included hardware mount and software mirror/flip options provide many possible orientations.* Web interface works well with IE10 and Chrome. Both require plugin.* Smooth panning.* IR worked very well even in complete darkness.FI9821W Cons* Field of view on the FI8910W more narrow than the FI9821W. I preferred the FI9810W view.* SMTP mail doesn't work for me. Mail functions do not correctly identify the camera after passing EHLO causing problems with some SMTP servers - FW 1.1.1.13* Device advertised WPS support but WPS is not mentioned in any of the documentation.* For wireless encryption passwords, "System prohibits the & and = symbols". This wasn't a problem on the FI8910W.* Ethernet cable provided was flat and recoiled into a spool making it only good for setup. You'll need a real cable if you want to go wired.* Provided DDNS solution makes cameras easily detected on the internet.* Software did not provide the ability to disable the built in LEDs.* I wasn't able to make the OEM Samsung Galaxy S3 browser work with the camera's built in web server. I was able to get Chrome to open the web site but couldn't see the video stream,Overall, I'm very pleased with the FI9821W. If you're interested in the FI8910W, check out the Amazon page for the FI8910W to see my review of it and why it was returned.