Let me start by saying that this baby monitor far surpasses the others in the market in very many ways. First and foremost, the picture quality is excellent both during day and night hours. The infra-red night vision functions great and the sound quality is AWESOME! Even in a pitch black room, I can see exactly where my baby is, and count his breaths. The infra red light is also quite dim and does not interfere with baby's sleep in any way. The room temperature monitor is a good indicator of baby's comfort level, however, at times i feel as if it's a bit off. Also, the placement of the camera (near a window or ac/duct/heater vent) might lead to a temperature difference between the parent unit and baby's actual bed area. So that is definitely something to keep in mind. My son loves the lullabies built in, and for a long time I relied upon them to put him back to sleep. The two way communication feature is also cool and saves me many trips into baby's bedroom when I'd rather let him get himself settled. Voice quality is crystal clear. The tilt and pan features are also great and extremely useful with an overactive baby. The fact that you can carry the monitor around without it needing to be plugged in, is for me, one of the most useful features. Oh and the monitor has taken quite a few rough bangs and still does its job well. However, the range mentioned here is 200 meters....the MAIN reason why I chose this monitor, since i wanted to be able to get my elder daughter from her bus stop while being secure in my mind that baby was safe in his crib.  And let me tell you, it's NOWHERE near that. They conveniently forgot to mention that walls and trees can interfere and get the range down to abt 30 metres. This I got to know while reading the manual. So that was a big negative for me. Also another feature that annoys me a lot is how I can't choose to mute the microphone completely. So even when baby's throwing a tantrum and I choose not to be in the room with him I am forced to listen to his screams.All said and done, this is a great monitor that I have recommended to many of my friends. And it has provided me with peace of mind for over two years now and is continuing to go strong. I chose not to let a few cons detract from the many pros and have rated the product accordingly.