While I think that the Wanview camera is a good value considering it's capabilities and cost; I would not want to buy from Shopping Cloud (through Amazon) again. I have 4 of these cameras; one of which was purchased from Shopping Cloud. The camera died within a couple of months of owning it. I contacted them and they asked me to ship it back so that they could, in fact, verify the camera was dead. After having the camera in their possession for 4 or 5 days their technical support staff agreed with my assessment; the camera was in fact dead. They shipped me another camera and I was back in business for a few days. The camera was not communicating with the software and was, for all intents and purposes, useless. I found that unplugging the camera and then plugging the camera back in brought it back to life...for about 3-4 hours. Over the next week, after having to "Reboot" the camera every 3-4 hours to get it working, I decided that I was fed up enough to engage with them again. It's been all down hill from that point. They told me to update the firmware and included a link to the firmware in their response. What they didn't tell me is which of the two firmware update options to choose. I e-mailed them again to clarify which one of the update options I was supposed to use. A waiting a few days for their response, I was told that I needed to update via the correct option, or I would "Toast" the camera. They did not, however, specify which one was the correct option. To make a long story short; I am a pretty experienced "Techie" having worked with computers and related hardware since the early 80s. With a little research on my own, I successfully updated the firmware without toasting the camera, but to no avail; the problem has not been correced. I have sent three e-mails looking to get resolution to this problem since October 25th and have received no response from the company. Fortunately the other three Wanview cameras I have work flawlessly. I need to resolve my problem, but I have given up on Shopping Cloud. In retrospect; I've spent more money [in terms of my time] than the camera is worth. I'd have been ahead of the game if I simply purchased another camera. Needless to say I am very frustrated with this experience and with Shopping Cloud!