Pros: Good daytime picture for a cmos camera. Good microphone pickup and clarity.Cons:1. Night vision issue:  The camera either stopped working completely when switching to night vision or worked with severely diminished and distorted night vision after numerous camera reboots.2. Absolutely no support from Night Owl. I e-mailed Night Owl tech support with the issue on Sept. 10, 2012 and have yet to receive a response.Other Thoughts: I purchased this camera at a different merchant than Amazon. I could not compare prices at Amazon in that Amazon was not carrying it at the time. I previously purchased a Night Owl 420 TVL CCD camera from a different site in May and it has worked flawlessly since. I purchased this 600 TVL camera expecting a lot better from Night Owl, but was profoundly disappointed. Fortunately, the merchant agreed to pick up the return shipping and provide a refund. Based on the few reviews I have seen up to this point, this night vision issue is a recurring theme. It seems that this product was likely distributed with a pervasive manufacturing defect related to the night vision. I purchased a Swann Pro 640 600 TVL CCD camera and a Defender 21005 600 TVL CMOS camera at roughly the same time. In my opinion, both of these cameras are are a better choice if you are looking for a 600 TVL camera. The Swann has very good color and clarity during the day and decent night vision. I have motion detecting floodlights on my home and found that the intensity of these lights activates the daytime functioning of the Swann. This allows me to capture color images throughout the night. The Defender has very good daytime color and clarity. The night vision on the Defender is excellent. It will not revert to color with my motion sensing lights but I would recommend it especially for areas that remain unlit throughout the night.  The daytime performance of the Night Owl 600 TVL was below that of both the Swann and the Defender. The Swann and Defender each were about $60 on sale when I picked them up. An additional note: The "Cobalt Blue" LEDs of the Night Owl look blue when not lit but are red when illuminated.