We have been using this monitor for 3 months now and we love (almost all of) it! We have it placed on a high shelf in our bedroom where she sleeps, either in her cot or on our bed.Loves that it:-Works straight out the box.-Portable. Have moved the camera around the house and even to my mum's place to use in various occasions.-Adequate range for us. Our apartment is only 1000+Sq ft but it works through walls,although sometimes the signal is heavily dependent on the direction of the monitor-Night vision. Excellent for keeping an eye on her when she is in the very, very dark room!-Zoom. Resolution is not great but adequate enough to make sure she hasn't flipped her blanket over her face or to ascertain how squirmy she is.-Has a very sensitive sound receiver (our baby was a very quiet cryer!). If I turn on music (softly) for her nap, it can sometimes over power her cries, making it hard to hear her.-Has the ability to pan. Allow us to adjust the position remotely from other parts of the house and not wake her up!-Monitor is battery and mains powered. I have brought it into the kitchen and toilet plenty of times...-Has a temperature monitor. I am using this in Singapore and it is useful to know how hot the room really is.I have given the product four stars only because of the battery life of the monitor. Granted that it has been working very hard these last 3 months (initially on 12/7!), the battery life is showing signs of wear. I can't remember how long it used to hold its charge for, but now it seems to die after half an hour. Admittedly this is with me constantly turning the screen back on (it blacks out when running on battery to conserve it, presumably).There is a speaker function where you can talk to your baby walkie-talkie style... I have only used it once. She must have heard my voice as she went back to sleep without a fuss.I'm using this in Singapore and have no issues with voltage. Just needed two 2 to 3 pin plug adaptors. I used our travel adaptors.All in all, we like it so much that we have bought one more for my mum's place, where she will be during the day when I go back to work!