First, a video monitor is just infinitely superior to an audio monitor.E.G., Why is my baby crying?  Is he just having a brief 3 AM squawk, or does he have his leg stuck in the the bars of his crib?With video, I know; but with audio, you can never be certain.  Showing up in a sleeping (or sleepy) baby's room is a big deal, and it should be avoided unless it's absolutely necessary.  But I don't want my poor baby to be suffering in an agonizing, contorted position.This unit is really impressive.  The fact that you can remotely move the camera is just over-the-top.  The image is very clear with good lighting, and still very impressive in complete darkness (though a bit more difficult to discern.)  I frequently find myself staring at the monitor at night trying to comprehend what I'm looking at, but I don't really look at this as being a flaw in the product.  It's amazing that a camera is able to see anything at all in the dark.  The image is not as clear in darkness, since it is now black-and-white and a little grainy, but it is still wondrously useful.The price was definitely off-putting to us, until we received unexpected help paying for it.  We would have bought a cheaper unit had we not received the wind-fall.  But, knowing what I know now, I would pay the full price for this all by myself, if necessary.To put it simply:- The image in full light is great,- The image in complete darkness is not as good, but is astounding nonetheless,- Sound quality is excellent.- The range is amazing.  We can go outside about 50 feet away from the house and still get reception, even though the signal has to pass through 3 walls, one of which is stone.- The range of motion is, I believe, a full 180 degrees horizontally, and a full 90 degrees up.  However, down is about 20 or 30 degrees, so you may have to tilt the camera to get the coverage you want.I anticipate using this camera until my child is probably almost 5 years-old.  I don't think the same could be said for an audio-only monitor.