We purchased this when my daughter was about 6m. We've been using it in conjunction with our Angel Care monitor. I did a LOT of research on many different brands and types of video monitors out there, but when it came down to it, this one seemed to have everything we were looking for and I'm so glad it's the one we chose!We already have a fantastic baby monitor with the Angel Care unit so we didn't need all the "bells and whistles" of some of the more expensive video units out there. Just wanted to be able to see her and have a unit that was easy to travel with. The Angel Care is not a very portable system. The Infant Optics DXR-5 sets up super easily and transmits a very clear image of our child whether her room is full of light or completely dark. The resolution was much better than I expected for a unit of this price and though there's a bit of lag within the video feedback, it's so little that you don't really notice it. It's certainly not a problem. We've used it in our apartment and various family members' homes including my in-law's very large house and it continued to receive a signal without a problem, on a completely different floor. One complaint I've seen on these reviews was the "plasticy" feel of the unit. It's true that it's all a light weight plastic but in my opinion it doesn't feel flimsy to me. I'm not sure what people expect for $99. I've handled units twice this much and they don't feel that different. The "flimsiest" part of the unit to me is the plastic flip-out prop on the back of the monitor. It folds and clicks in to lay the monitor flat and then pulls out with a click to prop the monitor up. I'm gentle with that. Otherwise, it doesn't seem fragile. This monitor has accompanied us on multiple flights and road trips, tucked into our suitcases, and hasn't sustained any damage.If you're looking for an affordable baby video monitor which simply does what it's supposed to do -- offer a good, clear, reliable, video feed for a great price, look no further. Also, customer service is fantastic with this company and setting up your warranty is super easy.