We had an old Summer Infant Day & Night video monitor but our toddler got her hands on it and managed to smash the screen.  Thinking that it was time to upgrade we decided to get the Summer Infant Baby Touch color monitor.  This monitor seemed well built with a lot of features, but the day time video quality wasn't as amazing, and the night vision video very poor.  Additionally, the microphone was no where near as sensitive as the old Summer monitor... which was a deal breaker for us.Realizing that the newest Summer Infant product wasn't as good as the old, we returned that and got the Summer Infant Complete Coverage video monitor set with the 7" LCD and the handheld unit.  This was very similar to the old Summer Infant Day & Night (good day and night video), but the range was horrible on the 7" - barely made it three rooms over, and the handheld units range wasn't as good as the old version either.  Our bedroom is at the other end of the house, and if we didn't put the handheld unit in exactly the right spot on the night stand it was complete static.We returned that and got the Samsung Wireless Video Security Monitor.  This had great day time picture and a host of features (which I never tested), but the range was so poor it didn't work at all when we brought it into our room.  That was returned the same day.Finally, we got Motorola Digital Video Baby Monitor.  The daytime picture was by far the best of all the fully digital monitors and it has all the features we were looking for.  The microphone seems to be nearly as good as the old Summer Infant monitor, and the night vision picture is decent.  Still not as good as the Summer Infant Day & Night, but by far the best of all the digital monitors.  Ultimately, I think there's something with fully digital picture that just makes the night vision a little less crisp.  The music seems to be at an appropriate volume, but we'll likely never use that.  I love being able to remind my daughter to get back in bed via the monitor, and the pan and tilt are very quiet.  Having been through several monitors in the last week or two I can say without a doubt that this is the best of the lot, and worth every penny!