4 stars instead of 5 because of the software.This has got to be one of the best cameras made, hands down, regardless of price. I was expecting crisp, clear video, both in day and night vision. It exceeded my expectations! The 130 degree (plus) viewing angle is awesome! I set it up over PoE rather than use their power boxes. Going PoE with a UPS insures uninterrupted video feed in the event of a power outage.However, I do have issues with the software.Yes, it's 720 HD, but in the old 4X3 format. (Old TV format), instead of current 16X9 format. That's minor compared to the fact there are no software options, such as; NO PTZ, NO continuous record mode, NO record on demand. The motion detect mode function either detects everything or nothing, no in between no matter how much you adjust it. The notification of video motion detection will fill up your mail box in no time due to over sensitivity, so it had to be disabled making e-mail notification function worthless.Logitech has hidden the user name & password for camera access, as well as the camera frequency over PoE from it's customers, FORCING you to use their limited, inferior, glitchy proprietary software. I tried both Blue Iris and iSpy security camera software, but was unable to access the camera. The only web browser viewing is through their web access set-up. I have many other complaints about their proprietary software, mainly that it's proprietary and customers are locked out, BUT....Despite the crappy limited software, I ordered a second camera, and will probably order a few more before I'm done. The video feed over PoE is the best I've ever seen! Well worth every penny! Hopefully, Logitech will listen to it's customers and improve the software and, or, make the camera open source.Update 5/10/2014Good News! iSpy has finally "cracked the code" and can now access the Logitech 700e! I can now record on demand, digital zoom, and audio record, and have much better control over the motion detect mode. No more dealing with the limited proprietary software. As for the camera itself, still going strong with no issues. Still one of the best surveillance cameras available!