The  Motorola MBP36 (Remote Wireless Video Baby Monitor with Infrared Night Vision and Zoom, 3.5 Inch) is exactly what we needed and expected. We had actually considered some other video monitors and done a few months of research - given we already had an old Summer model and with the addition of a new baby wanted to make sure we made the perfect multi-room monitoring selection.The Motorola MBP36 won out. It beat the Summer and Lorex options; althought the Lorex was a very very close second given its ability to offer simultaneous multi-room monitoring and given that Lorex is actually a security company rather than just another baby-product company. In the end the Motorola is sold in greater volume and with Amazon's 90-day free return promotion there was enough reason to give it a shot and we couldnt be happier!I would recommend this to anyone. Set up is easy - even when pairing additional cameras. My advice, when you pair new cams just make sure you are within 10-15 feet of the new cam because there it does require pressing buttons on each unit to create the push>pull dialogue between the head unit and camera.The intercomm, lullaby, night vision, pan, tilt and zoom features are heads and tails better above the other options. The monitor is chunky enough you can keep a grip on it and yet slim and compact enought to carry around house in your pocket. The images are crystal clear and the audio is even clearer. We have a wireless home network that does not seem to cause interference nor does the networks of our neighbors, nor does the microwave cause interference (which is important to note given the propensity of issue occurence with other manufacturers).The price of the MBP36 is a bit steep compared to others but heck, a Lexus costs more than a Toyota for a reason as well.At the end of the day, you could buy the lesser expensed model and then say to yourself, "Self, I'd pay another $30-40 to get this right". If so, just go for the MBP36. Go for it and bundle in the extra camera with Amazon. Bite the bullet and spend the best $334 to monitor your kids that you will probably ever spend on such a function.