I ordered 2 of the "Wireless IP Pan/Tilt/ Night Vision/ Internet Surveillance Camera Built-in Microphone With Phone remote monitoring support" cameras from ATC LLC and received 2 "Wansview NC541/W" IP cameras.  They were as they appeared in the pictures, and featured internal web servers with configuration options and settings that seem to be shared by similar IP cameras.  The box and web-based control interface did not match the pictures, but were fine.  The motion detection seemed a little weak; would recommend "MJPEG Surveillance 2.0" at 12oClocker.com to handle motion detection and recording, but the actual camera features are fine - if a little hard to find.  The cameras I received support up to 8 users with different passwords and 3 access ranks (view-only "Visitor", pitch/pan "Operator", full "Administrator"), changing the HTTP server port, static and dynamic IPs, wireless with security off or on (WEP, WPA-TKIP, WPA-AES, WPA2-TKIP, WPA-AES), and turning off the blinking status light.  There are also different viewer and control pages for Internet Explorer (ActiveX), FireFox and other supporting ServerPush, and mobile viewers.  The IE/ActiveX web page and the included IPCMonitor software (also downloadable from Wansview) support listening to the camera's microphone and talking through speakers plugged into the camera's Audio jack.Warnings:The colors do not seem to be quite right, even after adjusting brightness and contrast.  There is no zoom function, but the outer lens is manually adjustable for focusing (twist the ring).  It is possible to unscrew the focus ring/tube until it falls out - I say normal users should avoid doing that.  (I did it to add a black ring to block the infrared LEDs - long story).  The IR LEDs do not seem to have a "disable" function and are controlled by ambient light on a photocell.I would highly recommend this camera if you can get this exact model.  A problem with having the brand name unlisted is that stocking companies may consider similar/rebranded cameras all interchangeable.  My research leads me to believe that their design and web server software are mostly the same, with each company changing as much as they want to and re-marketing the product.  If you can find out how to contact me, I can try to answer more questions.