We have a large porch and a couple years ago got tired of visitors "sneaking up on us", forcing us to run from upstairs to answer the front door. We had been using a "As Seen On TV Driveway Patrol Infrared Wireless Alert System" inside our porch screen door to be alerted to visitors before they got to the front door, however, after 18 months, the bitter cold Mid-west temps caused a series of three "Driveway Patrols" to give constant false alarms (often at 2 AM!). I realized we needed a differently designed tool for the job.After a bit of research, I learned that the heat sensing of the patrol device was not reliable and magnets where the solution! I found several different magnet type entry alerts, but chose the "Heath Zenith Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert"  after reading the other reviews and the reasonable price. We've had this device for about four weeks and it has worked consistently during our very cold weather during that time.I've only have two issues with the "Heath Zenith Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert". First, one of the two 23A 12v batteries included with the device was dead-- luckily I'd already ordered and extra spare battery (Wireless Doorbell Replacement Battery #SL-6198-B). Second, the chime must be plugged in (it does not have a battery option), so it limited the locations we could place the chime. The nice thing about the "Driveway Patrol" was the chime runs on batteries allowing us to place it where it could be easily heard.Shortly after successfully setting up the Heath Zenith Chime system, I realized we needed to get a second chime (due to the first one being poorly located at our only available plug-in receptacle downstairs). Many of the Heath Zenith chime systems share the same signaling and the systems can be joined together to expand your home coverage. As we only needed one door entry alert, I went with a "Heath Zenith Basic Wireless Plug-In Door Chime with Two Transmitters, White #SL-6142-C" (a chime with two doorbells). Now we have one chime upstairs and one down as well as a doorbell for both the front and back doors.