I purchased this video camera anticipating a great product because it had the "samsung" label attached to it. I will say that I ordered from a 3rd party seller "ziotech" so it wasn't necessarily amazon's fault. for one, i ordered one day shipping, and it didn't get sent to me on time, amazon happily refunded my shipping costs. I ordered this product with an additional camera. this could be due to the seller, but when i received it, it looked used. there were what seemed like to me, fingerprints on the monitor screen already. SO, with that being said, it could be a bad unit that was sent to me by ziotechs fault but regardless i am going to write my review. for one, the image quality was NOT clear, it looked like night vision and was extremely grainy. i made sure it wasn't on night vision and it still didn't have the "crisp" picture its reviews boasted about. secondly, when i tried the two way talk feature, there was a delay and it came through choppy. there indeed was no "pan" option, but I knew that when i purchased it. I live in a 1000 sq ft town home, and as soon as I went upstairs, I was "out of range" and the only way to get a screen shot was to turn it off and on. but as long as I was upstairs, i could not get a picture. i actually laughed to myself thinking how horrible this product was. secondly, when i tried to pair the additional camera, it would not, and i followed the directions exactly as they stated. i finally resorted to calling customer service, but of course, they were not open on the weekends. ???? i decided to do something i had NEVER done before. i placed everything back in the box and called amazon to return it. amazon apologized, let me know it was from a 3rd party seller, issued me a one time advanced refund which was in my opinion great of them to do, because they didn't have to. I went ahead and purchased the Motorola Digital Video Baby Monitor with the 3.5 inch screen. Just arrived this morning and I am blown away at how clear the screen is, and easy to use and able to function with. I would like to say that maybe it was a problem by the sellers, but I don't know. Just my opinion. Maybe it worked for you, but it definitely did NOT for me.