Wiring a system like this is difficult.  Before purchasing, I planned for several weeks.  Be sure to locate the DVR in a place not very conspicuous - you wouldn't want the thieves to steal the proof of their break-in!  That location requires power, ethernet cable, and all those siamese RG59 cables.After all the labor was completed for installation, I was very impressed with the camera's wide field-of-view and the1080P HD video.  The details are impressive, and allow way more landscape to be monitored with fewer cameras.  The key learning I had was the excellent motion detection capability of this system.  With more pixels to compare, the motion detection works fabulous!  I decided NOT to record 24x7 continuously, but instead record only motion detection with high sensitivity.  That will allow 10 weeks of recordings on a 2TB hard drive.  This system has an extra HD bay to install another 3TB if folks want more retention time of their recordings.... but 10 weeks should be plenty for me!Setting up internet connection was easy for me, but I'm an electrical engineer and software programmer.  There are many ways you can view the live video and recordings without being anywhere near the DVR.  Using the browser with supplied plug-in gives nearly all the same capability as using mouse/remote on the DVR.... but you can control from anywhere.  Sometimes, the video is NOT streamed in HD to preserve your network bandwidth - but you can control that by clicking on "Main stream" to get the full HD.A few of my mobile devices were not "compatible" with the Q-See QT android apps (at least according to Google Play).  I downloaded copies of these and side-loaded the apps and they work just fine with my phone and tablet. (Both Google Nexus devices)My confidence in what this system can catch using motion detection continues to improve....  yesterday, one camera caught a small rabbit crossing my driveway at 4am (total darkness) from about 30ft away!Initially, the colors were a bit washed out - but you can control that using the configuration software.