Let me begin by saying that I have used this camera every day for the past 10 months. When you read other reviews from folks that have had the camera for a few days please note the credibility of their review.I will not bore you with hundreds of words involving detailed analysis and personal opinions - I will make this as short and sweet as I can.Where and how this camera is being used: My wife operates a home based business with an entrance in the rear of our home. She needs to see the driveway so she knows when clients and others are in our driveway, coming and going with their children. It is primarily used in the daytime, but often times when it is dark as in the winter months. She views the camera image from her laptop and other computers in the home. Some using wireless and some hard wired.The camera is easy to set up. I am using this camera with a POE switch (purchased separately), after poor performance with the Powerline Network Adapter. This camera is now on a gigabit network with a CAT6 cable. The software is OK, but for more functionality go out and buy Blue Iris software instead.When the camera is connected to the software it gives a great image, the sound is adequate and motion detection is good as well. The lens has a wide angle view to it and I can see all of my 3 car driveway with it mounted under the soffit on one of the outside corners. The bracket is OK, but not real sturdy. You will need to modify the seal on the access door if you want to use a regular network cable.The problem is the camera will not stay connected. It drops out and usually comes back in a few minutes, but not all the time. This happens randomly almost every day. Go ahead and Google this problem, you will find it is quite common.New problem this week: the night vision is no longer working. Tech support is giving me the runaround even though it is under warranty. I do not have time for this and will simply go out and buy a better camera.My home network is fine and functions well. I am an IT professional that works with business networks daily, so it is not my home network or wiring causing the issue.The other feature that I think this camera lacks is a web based management interface. Unless you have a DHCP server at home you cannot assign a static IP address.My summary opinion: I would not recommend this product. Not worth the money I paid for it. Take a look at Trendnet cameras or another manufacturer with higher reliability.Cheers from Minnesota!