I read about this product a number of months ago, thinking this is a great idea in night time home security.  If it truly worked, as claimed, it would be a great devise to deter someone looking to break in while you are away from home overnight.  I just couldn't see how such a small devise could pull off the illusion quality of a television at night convincingly enough to be accepted as real.Taking the plunge, I purchasing one locally and set it up at home.  My son and wife were also present when we did the first round of testing.  Baseline was our 27" color TV (what the company claims FakeTV is designed to replicate) on in two different rooms.  We went outside and watched for about 5 minutes to see the patterns and brightness of the television coming through the window shades.Next up was FakeTV.  To our amazement, we couldn't tell the difference!  The brightness and patterns looked just like a television being on at night.  The best part -- almost NO power usage, since FakeTV uses hi-intensity LED's for light power.  The timer mechanism of selecting its use are:1) Off totally2) On at dusk (photo-eye operated) for 4 hours3) On at dusk for 7 hours4) On continuously (24/7).I have mine aimed away from the windows, bouncing off a white wall, so there is no way to see the actual unit in operation.  Stealth is the name of the game with this unit.I highly recommend this unit to anyone.  It works so well, I'm going to buy a second unit for a different room in the house.*******4/6/2011 - UpdateI have owned these units for just over a year.  Between my neighbors and myself being out of town for extended periods of time, we have clocked up well over 200 days of use.  The longest was 4(+) months straight this past winter.In a nutshell -- they worked flawlessly. In fact, my neighbor drove to their house from their extended vacation when fake TV was on and commented to his wife "Did you leave the TV on the whole time we were gone?"  He forgot all about setting it up in the front bedroom.  They are still that bright, even after all this use.BTW, my neighbor just bought 2 units for themselves.If you are concerned about durability, our long term test has shown that they will last for the duration. My FakeTV's are just as bright today as the first time we used them.