i wanted a video monitor for over two years but just couldn't bring myself to spend a few hundred dollars on one.  in december of 2012, i was browsing amazon and thankfully happened to find this one.  i won't spend the time repeating what most other reviewers have said about the short battery life (just don't plan on using it unplugged for longer than 30 minutes), cheap plastic (who cares?  it's lightweight), etc.  mostly i just want to comment on two random things not really mentioned by others.first, my favorite feature has to be that you can set it so the sound only turns on when it needs to.  another reviewer mentioned that she liked that hers wasn't very sensitive but i actually love that mine IS really sensitive.  if i have it by me, i can just hear the white noise turn on, and see that my kid is moving in his crib... even when he's not making any noise.  it is so sensitive that the white noise comes on when our garage door opens or even when my 28 lb three year old jumps up and down in a different part of the house.  i don't need to really know about those things, but it is wonderfully convenient sometimes to get that little clue that my kid is stirring in his sleep.  this was actually my main motivation for a video monitor... because if your kid wakes up happy and isn't crying or fussing, you'll really have no clue that they're not still sleeping.second, after using the monitor for just under a year, the sound button broke and i couldn't turn the sound up... only down.  i contacted the company about it and received the most excellent customer service from mae.  my initial email was answered within an hour or so, as was most every email sent between us.  i mailed the unit back (i did pay return shipping myself although i never directly asked to be compensated for that) and was immediately sent a new unit.  i actually emailed a picture of my shipping receipt and they sent me a new monitor right then, not even waiting until they received mine.for $100, you seriously can't beat this.