I like the quality of the picture and the screen size... but I wouldn't recommend this to new parents.  Motorola has easy changes that could make a big difference.  The direction buttons could be a rocking single button vs. 4 buttons in a row.  In the middle of the night I can never remember which button is left vs. right when they are all stacked on each other in a column.  This needs to have a 5 minute silence button, if you're with your honey in bed and have to go get the baby, no need to keep everyone up with the monitor when one parent is taking care of the little one, also if you are doing Ferber or just giving your little one some time to settle down on their own, it would be nice to be able to "time" them on the monitor.  My little one fusses between her sleep cycles, but if it's longer than 5 minutes I know there's a problem, I can't keep track of time in the middle of the night, a 5 minute silence feature would be great.  Or if you want to stand outside the room and watch your little one on the monitor but not have them hear the monitor... another reason a silence feature would be helpful.  I don't know why the volume adjustment isn't a dial or an easy button, on here you have to open the menu, make sure you're on the volume selection then adjust it.  Not easy with a column of direction buttons in the middle of the night.  The warming alarms are from the 1980's.  They have 2 beeps, but there's no reason they can't be more musical in nature... a 3 tone tune telling you the device is running out of batteries could easily be distinguished from an electronic zap sound showing that you're out of range.  It's just a loud obnoxious beep, and I can't tell which is which until I run to the monitor trying to get it to be quiet while my little one is sleeping.  And speaking of batteries, the battery life is HORRIBLE.  I personally feel a device like this should be able to last on batteries for at least 24 hours, it doesn't even last 8, so I can't sleep overnight without the monitor being charged, and our nanny can't use it for a full day without it being charged, so while it seems portable depending on who is watching the baby and from where, you have to take the cord along with it.