I can't tell you how disappointed we are. We loved our Motorola baby monitor. The price tick up to go with the bigger screen seemed like a no-brainer once we had our daughter, because we could actually see her breathing. The temperature monitor is a great feature, because I can prove to my husband that it is indeed too cold in her room so we have to turn on the heat.However three weeks after the product was bought for us on the day of our baby shower (meaning two weeks before our little one's birthday), the power button stopped working entirely. First it wouldn't turn off (not ideal, but at least still usable). But then we got it to turn off and now it's jammed in there and there is nothing we can do. My understanding from google-searching is that the "jammed power button" is a common problem.And after the one-year from purchase Motorola (and their incredibly long-wait for unhelpful customer service people) will not do a thing. Despite this being an obvious manufacturing flaw.We had bought the two camera version, planning ahead for our likely second child, thinking that something this expensive would obviously be built to last through multiple children. Little did we know, it's only really built to last past its warranty date. And Motorola does not seem to have any sympathy for the point.Motorola won't even sell us just the monitor itself at a lower cost. So we have to buy the whole thing (and a third camera) all over again.The hunt for baby monitors is difficult - they all have flaws.  My biggest suggestion to moms and dads out there is to go with a company that has a history of excellent customer service so at least when you fall in love with the monitor you selected, you aren't heartbroken by a company that doesn't seem to care that you expect their products to work longer than a one-year warranty.Pros:The bigger screen lets you see baby breathing if you look closeTemp reading is neat (and helpful if you have a spouse who likes things colder)Sound is very clear and the levels are goodWorks perfectly in our one-story house and can reach the backyard with no issueCons:The power button gets stuck (according to web searches this is a common problem) - and after a year you are out of luckUnhelpful customer serviceVideo does not come back on if your baby starts crying (though sound continues to work)In summary:Yes video is worth it. Your kid will make all kinds of noises in its sleep that might (or might not) be "awake" noises. But if you go in to check, you're definitely going to wake him or her up. The visual is key.But I wish I had gone with a cheaper product. I can't afford to replace something this expensive every year.