(Update: Yes- that monitor and camera broke again.  Luckily customer service is now improved and the company you call to replace it were great and sent me a new one, a prepaid shipping label and box to send the old one back.  The sound went out on the camera.  It quit moving up and down, only side to side.  And the handheld monitor no longer would hold a charge for long and the buttons kept getting stuck.  I have the new one now and so far so good.  They also changed the ability to tun it all the way down- so you can technically mute it which I like.  Maybe they all did that and it didn't work on my old one, but I don't think so!?  I would still shop other monitors due to how many times mine have gone wrong, but when they do work- they are nice.)At first I loved this monitor then over 2-3 months realized I spent a lot of money on the wrong monitor- here's why:1. I feel confident saying there's a good chance it will break or have something faulty go wrong with it. My first one did and I had to pay the shipping to send it to them and wait for them to receive it them send me a new one. The second one 4 months later now has no sound.2. Speaking of sound, when it does work, there's no way to mute it so you always hear a little bit of noise which doesn't make for a great night sleep considering my baby sleeps to music and/or a sound machine every night which means we now sleep to a sound machine every night. My old Sony monitor had the ability to turn sound off and it would automatically click on when baby started crying. It wouldn't for a quick whimper or anything which was nice bc I slept better not hearing every little noise.2. The other thing that drives me nuts is the tilt of the camera is wrong. It's right as far as making it stable but it doesn't make it easy to see from most angles. I have to pick up the monitor and tilt it just right to see a clear picture. I have messed with contrast and brightness and it doesn't matter. My baby likes to sleep with a blanket so being able to peak at the monitor to make sure all is well is important but I normally have to pick it up to check real good.3. Last- my buttons are getting stuck now. :( I'm going to have to call their customer service again, then go through a series of emails and then see about replacing it. Their customer service is horrible.I love reviews bc they really can help me decide so I write them trying to be honest as possible in reflecting my experience. I would keep shopping around if you landed on this one!