As an electric engineer, I have an excellent technical engineering experience. Those years i ordered plenty of Branded indoor IP Cam spread across Foscam, Tenvis, Hootoo and Loftek on Amazon. I am here by providing some advises regarding how to choose a good cost-performance IP Camera based on my years of IP camera using experience.I thought the CXS2200 camera is the most durable IP cam that I ever had, because I possessed of this camera for more than 1 year. I recommended this camera because it lasts for more than one and half year and still working. The camera works well in day and night and is a great buy for the price but there are a few things to consider. Firstly, the infrared lights can't be turn off by software, they will be turn on all the time in dimly lit place. Although its IR lights can't be cut off, but as a camera it provided stable and awesome night vision picture with good resolution. Secondly, the monitor software of the IP camera is simple but is real easy for ppl to handle. Lastly, for those first time user, Loftek camera has a little bit difficult in wireless setup. But as to Hootoo and Tenvis cameras, wireless connection is a real problem. I am not sure if it is the problem of camera wireless models; I always lose wireless connection and have to reboot their cameras for reattach.Most of the indoor IP Cams in the market are look similar in appearance; the only differences appear in the WEB UI and firmware. And the functions are more or less the same. Generally, each branded IP Cam have their own brand desktop client monitor software, I had six different brand cameras, so I had six kinds of monitor software. I can't recall their name one by one but Foscam monitor software is the most convenient and useful one I have used, although I used a third part monitor software to manage all my camera. If u are looking for a camera with user friendly software u can take a look at it. Foscam is an old IP Cam brand, and their Camera such as FI8918 sell very well till the last years reported had a serious net security bug.If you are a brand oriented buyer, you can buy Foscam. But if you are a cost-performance oriented buyer I highly recommend you Loftek camera.A sample was provided and the review is fair view of mine.