Let me start off by saying that I am most definitely NOT a tech person.  Never really been up to date with all the latest gadgets and what not, and when I first received this camera as a gift I was a bit hesitant.  My first thought was, "an IP camera?? What is an IP?  How am I supposed to set it up?? It's going to be such a pain...."  With all the confusion and skeptical thoughts going through my mind I just thought might as well give it a try, it was a free gift anyway.  To make the long story short, this is an IP camera that ANYONE can use and setup.  Even I was able to set it up, which means pretty much anyone can do it.  All I did was followed the instruction in the manual step by step, and I had no trouble setting up the network.  You first plug the ethernet cable into the camera, so all the online signing up stuff and register the camera, then you follow further instructions to setup the wireless network.  Once that is done, you can pretty much move the camera and place it anywhere in your home.  I had mine setup in the living room and I can view my home anywhere as long as I have my phone.  I know some people use this camera as a baby monitor to monitor their babies, but it's a great pet monitor as well.  While I'm away, this thing makes sure that my dog Copper isn't making any more mess than he should  This thing also has a talk back feature, meaning I can yell at my dog and make an interception before the crime is done.  I will admit, although it was a gift I couldn't help but check the price and it's not at all as expensive as I had imagined it would be.  It's definitely worth its priced value and I think it makes a great gift for anyone, not just those who have babies or pets to monitor.  Just setting it up will allow you to view your home or office anywhere, so you will have assurance that everything is well and put even though you're not there.  I am actually thinking about purchasing another one for my store, to check up on the warehouse time to time.  I definitely recommend this product, so easy to use and practical.  Buy it!