This is the first network camera I've purchased.  Based on reviews on Amazon from customers, this was my first choice to monitor my property from an upstairs window.This camera works on both Wifi as well as wired networks.  It can viewed and controlled by a web browser or by dedicated software (more on this topic later).  It supports automatic UPnP setup of your router, and Panasonic runs a [...] service to support DDNS, giving you the ability to give your camera a URL so you can access your camera anywhere in the world you get internet service.Setup is really easy.  The camera functions as a mini-server and walks you through the setup with no software necessary to load on your PC.  Thus, the need for software at this point is minimal (activex control for IE, or Java for other browsers).  Panasonic does supply some 3rd party software which has been limited in functionality.  This software may be fine, but won't work on a Mac, nor does it work in a 64 bit version of windows (it crashes pretty much right away).  In addition, the software can be unlocked to support multiple cameras for several hundred dollars. Yikes.  Instead, I would look for low-cost 3rd party software (such as from H264soft) that does pretty much the same thing, but is far more robust.The camera is extremely flexible allowing you to view in real time or push still pictures via email, HTTP, or FTP based on events such as motion or time.  Thus, it can serve as a remote warning to you if the camera detects motion.Image quality in daylight or artificial light is excellent, and in 640x480 mode, the image is really very nice.  This is not a great camera for night time use.  It simply doesn't produce much of an image after the sun goes does.Physically, the camera gets a bit warm, so that is a concern for long-term reliability, but I've left it running continuously for about 5 days with no issues.  A very nice touch is that Panasonic provides a cable loop to allow you to fasten the camera so it can't be removed easily and it serves as a guard if it does fall from a ledge it will avoid damage to the camera.When I got the camera, I had a slight issue with viewnetcam, so I called Panasonic late in the evening.  After less than a 30 second wait I got in touch with a technician who not only spoke perfect English, but was extremely helpful and got the problem solved within 5 minutes.  Excellent customer service seems to be an exception these days, so Panasonic deserves kudos for this.This camera is excellent.  It's one of those products that seems a little expensive, but in reality actually surprises with how well-designed it is.  If the software provided by Panasonic didn't crash under 64 bit windows or worked under OS X, it would be perfect.