The issues with this unit begin out of the box, when you must enter a password to set up the system configuration options.From the user's guide (of course, a .pdf from the Q-See website and not included in the box): "Enter the User Name and Password, admin and 123456".-Unfortunately, the default password is NOT "123456". It's "admin". But only some educated guessing from the domain of frequently-used default passwords got me there. This might have ended the total experience for many users.-Getting from the password to the configuration option doesn't make your life much better. The menus for setting recording options can only be described as "hideously confusing".  Prepare yourself to spend time with the manual and the machine to figure out even the simplest functions (like changing camera names).-As for finding video and exporting it, two little words: "too hard". I'm still trying, but it depends on recognition of an attached USB device or a successful firmware update, it may not happen...see next item.-Failed to recognize USB device for a firmware update. A firmware update for this product is available at the Q-See website. I wasn't sure if I needed it or not, since the online description says it (I'm not making this up!) "fixes bugs". When I installed a USB stick with the firmware binary file, the only response from the DVR was a "no USB device found" error.-One of the four cameras is apparently DOA...but troubleshooting continues.If you are a patient and tech-savvy user who wants to curl up with .pdf manual and attempt to crack the code on dense user interface option displays, this might be a satisfactory unit. But for those of us with other things to do, I'd explore other products that may have been designed with more attention to the user experience.The only reason this is a two star review is that the hard drive for this is decent enough(a WD 500 GB AV-GP SATA II Intellipower 16 MB Cache Bulk/OEM AV 3.5-Inch Hard Drive - WD5000AVCS), and can be repurposed if the record/playback, interface and USB device recognition issues can't be resolved.