I just wanted to post a review/comment because I see people making reviews and comments that are rediculous. These units are an excellent low cost security motion sensor unit.I use these in the mountains and most are there 6 months out of the year and they endure all the weather the mountains can throw at them. To this day I have never had one gliche yet and some of mine are over 3 years old. Battery life with them is also excellent.You need to pay attention to the product information, the motion sensor is NOT water proof, they are weather resistant. that means DONT put them where they will get soaked or filled with rain or water....DUH...Also, people mention that it will continue to chime or alarm, the sensor has a wide angle fresnal lense, that means it will pick up motion in a very wide area horozontally and vertically. Also, they are heat sensitive, so if it is in direct sun light or where it will see moving shadows from the sun it will trigger the motion sensor. It will trigger from motion and heat, a small tree branch moving to a butterfly flying across in front of the sensor can and will trigger it.Here is a tip, you can cut down the amount of area the motion sensor picks up by just putting a couple small strips of masking tape vertically along the edges of the motion sensor fresnal lense, you can also do this across the top and bottom of the lense to narrow the detection field vertically. Simple thinking and it works like a charm.To water proof a sensor, use some silicone around the outside of the sensor casing along the seam, then put a small bead of silicone around the outside edge of the fresnal lense. this will help protect it even more from wet weather. The best way to protect it is to place it under an eave or under some sort of cover so it doesnt get soaked. very simple.These units also come in different channels, so you can get many units using the same frequency. Place one chime/reciever where you want to hear it and then place as many of the sensors outdoors as you want, you will have extra chimes/receivers but who cares, for the price you cant beat these units.For the record, I would not buy any other type, these have served me well over the years and I will continue to use them as long as they continue to make them. An excellent product and I recommend them to anyone that is on a budget for security or would just like a low cost peice of mind for around there home or business.Ya gotta be smarter than the box they come in.