I've been testing the Defender STEALTH1 Covert MPEG4 DVR Recording System with Built-in Color Pinhole Surveillance Camera Hidden in a Motion Sensor for a few weeks.  The set-up is easy, but to use the menu, you must use the included RCA to RCA wire to connect the Stealth to the video output on your television. (the RCA cord is short; I'm using a longer one) The manual's instructions are helpful & explain  how to navigate through the menu & to set the system according to your needs.  You can read Amazon's Product Description to learn about the Stealth1's features.Image: No night vision; the minimum light illumination is 2 lux; as the room gets darker the image quality deteriorates. In a bright sunny room, image quality is great. Our room is 21' long; on a bright sunny day, with the camera  set at one end of the room, it has no problem detecting motion on the other side of the room & the image is very good. On gloomy days, the image gets grainy & in the evenings with a 13 watt fluorescent light on, the image is even grainier in the darker areas of the room, but motion is still detected &  the person is still viewable, but can be very grainy depending on how close it is to the light source.  I experimented one dark evening, with Stealth1 set up in our 21' living room (no lights) approx. 16' from the bright hallway light,  the Stealth1 didn't pick up any motion in the living room unless  the motion was closer to the hallway light. The viewing angle is 66 degrees.Positioning: The unit is designed to be mounted using the included mounting hardware.  However, I'm using it on a shelf.  The base is rounded slightly which makes it difficult to sit on a table. I solved that problem by putting a piece of rolled  painter's tape on the bottom. The adapter cord is  too short, measuring at approx 56". I'm using an extension cord. Batteries can be used for shorter recording times (see product description). I haven't used batteries so I can't vouch for battery life.Sound: This unit doesn't record sound.Viewing: The SD card an be removed and viewed using a PC. I'm using Windows 7. I prefer viewing the video on the television using the provided RCA cable.Suggested Uses: monitoring employees; warehouses; nanny monitor; convenience stores; monitoring your cash/safe.I suggest that you set the Stealth1 up & do some testing before you put it to use.  Look at images, lighting & the area the unit covers & make adjustments so it records what you need.