So this was my first IP cam and I'm no wiz with networking so as with some of the other reviewers here I had a bit of trouble getting everything set up.  The instructions that came with it were not all that great either so I had to search online for a better manual.  The best one I could find was:[...]It still didn't cover some of the steps well enough for me to set up all of the features without some extra Google searches for instructions but it got me up and running.  Minus the difficult instructions/setup this IP Cam is an excellent value.  If you're frustrated with the setup try reading oo63's review and instructions [...].  Okay, beyond the crappy instructions/setup that ships with this camera, the feature set and versatility more than qualify this this for 5 stars at the the set price ($58.93 at the time of this review).  Currently I've got this set up on my wireless network and can view from any computer in the world, I've tested this with several family members/friends in UK/Philippines/Australia.  The video quality varied with their internet connection speed but they all said it was almost real time (we did some 'tests' while on the phone.  Example: "dropping my hand....now.).  I've also got this running on my android phone and have viewed my camera from several mobile locations.  Obviously the quality varies with connection speed and signal strength but it has worked without fail so far.  On all my viewing devices (computer, phone, ipad) I can view, hear, and speak to/through this IP Cam.  I've hooked up some cheep little speakers to it and they work remarkably well.  Headphones also work.  The picture/record features work great as well.  I can use either my computer or my phone as DVR's.  I'm still messing around the the alerts feature and looking into some accessories to add to it so I've got nothing to review on those yet.  Overall, so far, I'm am extremely happy with this camera.  Keep buying them and complaining to Wansview and hopefully they will make some better instructions!