I have received this motion LED flood light almost 2 months ago and it has performed better than expected. Some lights turn on when the wind picks up but this light is smart enough to stay off and not turn on with swaying trees and bushes. For correct operation the key is setting it up properly. Get familiar with the directions before installing the light, that way you will save time getting it up and running. I put mine up in Feb., it was very cold and windy here where I live. The next day we had wind, heavy snow 8" - 12" fell, and this light tracked me during the storm with the snow falling even at night!  I observed that when an object moves passed a detected zone and if it looses track, it will hunt for the object by scanning back and forth until it finds it. If it does not find the object it will go back to the point at which it was first detected and wait until it times out. Note that all sensors are active all the time so no matter which direction the camera is facing it will always turn to where the action is even if there is action in 2 places it will watch both!  I think this light is a great idea and will be getting a new black one for the porch when it comes available other than white. Looks like the EUROPEAN models 220v are black, I need a USA 120v LED with camera.  I highly recommend this light for added security, but it is not for anyone who does not know how to program it. It is high tech and needs a skilled person to program it.Programming: Make sure the clock is set correctly and that the correct mode which you want is enabled. There is buttons on top for the video and time, on the Left side for the audio, and on the bottom for different modes. To verify proper setup, make sure your selected mode color LED is blinking,(Red,Orange,or Green), in the sensor area when motion is detected and the Green LED is on at the MicroSD card door indicating information is recording. If the MicroSD Card light is RED there is a malfunction with the MicroSD Card, format the card per instructions. You may have had a power glitch or the light is in demo mode.Mode 1 (Red LED blinking) Light only at night, Record video/pictures day/night, Alarm sound only at night. (Default Setting)Mode 2 (Orange LED blinking) Light on day/night, Record video/pictures day/night, Alarm sound day/night.Mode 3 (Green LED Blinking) Light on at night, Record video/pictures day/night, Alarm sound only day