I'd recommend this to anyone who's looking for a good video monitor.  There are a couple of cons but it's the best one I've seen.Pros:- GREAT picture, both during the day and at night.  To me, that's the whole point of having a video monitor and Motorola nailed it with this one.- Lights on top of the monitor that provide a visual representation of sound.  This is nice if I'm doing something (vacuuming, etc.) where I can't hear the volume or if I just want to keep it turned down.  It also means I can let the screen turn off and still know if my baby starts making noise.- Camera is small and easy to mount.- Panning and tilting is great and almost silent- The two-way communication feature is nice.  Seemed pointless at first but there's been several times when one of us was putting the baby to bed and needed to ask the other one a question.  We can do it quickly and without getting little guy all worked up because "Oooo, there's Mommy!!!"- Temperature feature is nice.Cons:- No mute button.  Sometimes my little guy fusses before he goes to sleep; it would be nice to be able to mute the monitor.  I can usually hear him anyway and don't really need it in stereo.  (That's why I like the video monitor - I can watch to see if he's really upset or just "complaining".)- Battery life isn't great.  However, I keep the charger next to the bed and plug it in every night before we go to sleep.  As long as it's fully charged it'll last an evening of doing things around the house.- Would be nice if it had a belt clip and/or a way to lock the buttons.  It's easy to hit a button carrying it around and accidentally move the camera.- Not really a con because we don't use them, but the lullabyes are anything but relaxing.  Kinda creepy, actually.- I'd like a second parent unit.  It's supposedly compatible with one but I haven't been able to find one.I know it looks like there are a lot of cons, but they're really more little annoyances.  This monitor is great for what we need it to do.  I would purchase it again.