We purchased this baby monitor in advance of our first child in early 2012. It is absolutely wonderful to be able to see our son as well as hear him. It is now over a year later, and we are still using it and love it all the same. The product itself is great... while we don't use the lullaby sounds and features, I didn't really purchase it for that. The most important thing is, you can see and hear your child very well.The problems I have had so far is that the power adapter has now crapped out on us twice. The end connector that plugs into the main unit is very delicate and it starts to fray over time. This provides an intermittent connection and the battery does not charge effectively or at all.I contacted Motorola back in February of 2013, right before my warranty had expired and was able to get a replacement. The wait time on that took at least three weeks before I got a replacement, and required me to call back to make sure my claim was still in the system.That one lasted until now, and I called back to explain the short lifespan and if I could get a replacement, or if not, at least be able to purchase one. I was told that it is out of warranty and not covered, and I understood that and if I could purchase a replacement... the response was "you will need to find one on Amazon or Radio Shack".I did purchase a universal adapter for it the last time I had an issue and it does not power the unit correctly. It turns the baby monitor on and causes it to freeze up. It's rated for 500mA at 6V, but I'm wondering if it's not providing adequate power.I'm going to try my luck at Radio Shack next time. I have been told that you can buy at least a 500mA or higher mA, and the unit will only draw what it needs, so I was going to try an 800mA Enercell one.UPDATE: Bought the Enercell 800mA 6 Volt adapter at Radio Shack along with an "A" adaptaplug, and it is working properly to charge the unit and it's not turning on or freezing or doing anything strange. Hope this helps someone who is also looking for the adapter.