I cannot say enough good things about this monitor.  We have bought it right as my daughter was born and had it for seven weeks now. I researched and researched on various video monitors, from ones that work on your cell phone to independent range ones and decided on this one.  I know it is "high end" but I wanted my child to be able to sleep away from us from the beginning and this put my wife's mind at ease.  She slept with us for the first night but after that, she was in her own room.  With this monitor, we can pick up the handheld device in the middle of the night in all our sleepiness and clearly see everything we need to at a glance.  The controls are intuitive and do nottake more than a few minutes to learn. It really helped us establish a "night time routine".  Even with her having some small stomach issues we still felt very confident in using this monitor to have her stay in her room versus sleeping with us.The PTT (push to talk) is very clear. The screen is very brilliant even in her pitch-black room to where we can see her breathing if she's "too quiet" and the battery life is about 8 hours.  I take the monitor with me when I get up on the weekends so my wife can sleep in and it is perfect through our 1500 sq. ft. apartment. Since we are surrounded by wireless, Bluetooth, radio etc. waves I thought there might be some issue with interference but it has been as clear as day (even with the night vision) from the beginning. Also with so many people around, I was glad to have the date encrypted (can never be too safe).  Also the volume monitor is very handy, since everything sounds loud to you when you are new; this helps keep your senses in check (Oh that was just a grunt/other random baby noise, no need to jump out of bed). The lullaby feature is a little gimmicky but the ability to add more cameras and scan between them is a big plus for us since we want more kids.  One feature we did not think we would use but has already come in handy is the temperature monitor.  She was not really sleeping well and we tried feeding (nothing), changing (nothing) and then my wife noticed the temperature in her room was a little higher than normal.  She just needed to cool down and she went to sleep.My only complaint if I had to give one would be the lack of a belt clip.  Other than that being able to pan, zoom, and tilt remotely is great when you want to make sure she's still swaddled, breathing, still sleeping (eyes closed at least) etc.  Hope you have the same experience. I cannot speak to the negative reviews about customer service since I haven't (knock on wood) had to use them.