We received this as a baby shower gift and loved it while it worked. For the $250 this costs the reliability of this monitor has been a major problem.We ended up exchanging the first one within a month of receiving it because the sound stopped working. The replacement unit worked for about 9 months before the sound on that went out as well.I contacted Motorola and they had no problem sending out a replacement unit, but turnaround times are 1 week + with a receipt and 3 weeks + without a receipt. It seems like this is a fairly common problem related to faulty wiring within the parent unit. For something in this price range it is unacceptable and ridiculous that a warranty replacement take this long. A working and reliable baby monitor is critical.We ended up buying an Infant Optics DXR-8 since we couldn't wait. So far it has been excellent. From what I can tell the menu structure on the parent unit is almost identical to the Motorola. If you didn't know your were using the Infant Optics you would think it was the MB36. The display on the infant optics seems to be much sharper and the overall build quality seems better. The micro USB charging port on the parent unit is a big plus. We can use any of the other cell phone and tablet chargers we have.I would stay away from the Motorola and consider the Infant Optics DXR-8 instead.---Update - 19 days since calling---Called Motorola for an update and was told I should be receiving the replacement tomorrow. I informed the rep that I was unsatisfied by the time it has taken and feel it unacceptable for it to take so long to replace a $250 monitor that most parents would find difficult to be without. The rep was nice enough to inform me that it is only meant to be a tool and I shouldn't be relying on it to monitor my baby. The rep also informed me that they are the only office in the country that handles returns for the US and Canada and are extremely busy and she didn't see a problem with it taking this long.Definitely would recommend staying away and spending your money on something else. We are still loving our Infant Optics Infant Optics Dxr-8 Pan/Tilt/Zoom 3.5" Video Baby Monitor With Interchangeable Optical Lens we bought as a replacement since we couldn't wait.