Just got this monitor yesterday, and really like it so far. The monitor is pretty compact and fairly flat, about the size and depth of an iPhone inside an Otterbox case, and the appearance is pretty streamlined, too. The picture is pretty crisp, and the ability to zoom is nice. BUT, the 1X (regular) viewing area is smaller than on my previous Summer Infant monitor (which I still have, but wanted the additional features this one offers) - when both are placed fairly high on the wall (about one foot from the ceiling) above my daughter's full-sized bed, I can see pretty much the whole  bed on the Summer Infant monitor, but only most of the upper third to half of the bed on this monitor, which I guess is okay, but since she moves around a lot, it would be nice to be able to see the entire bed at a glance (but I can, of course, pan down to see the rest). This wouldn't be an issue, however, for babies, since the 1X setting would probably perfectly show the entire crib. As I mentioned, it does have zoom, but only 1X and 2X, with 2X seeming just a little too close for me (can see lips moving!) but perfect for a nervous new parent (can see breathing, probably!). The MAIN reason I bought this one is because my daughter is suddenly experiencing serious SEPARATION ANXIETY (esp fears of us leaving - WHY, I don't know!!) at night, so we thought the ability to talk BACK to her when she calls (versus having to run to her room to comfort her, before she tries to make a run to OUR room) is nice, and seemed to help a little last night (the first night), although she DID eventually make it over to our room and had to sleep there (oh well). The lullaby music is a nice option, and comes out pretty clear and not too loud. I haven't used this yet, so I don't know if it would be soothing, but it'll be interesting to see! The temperature reading is pretty cool (tells you the room temp in baby's room), especially if you're the mom of a really young one (who can't sleep with blankets, like an older child) and you want to make sure they're warm enough through the night when the temps drop in the cold, cold winter (maybe want to put on another layer, or tuck a small blanket around the baby). The ONLY real complaint I have, then (since viewing area really is perfect for a baby's crib, not so much for a larger bed), is that there's NO BELT CLIP! Minor, I guess, but ALL of my other monitors have had this, so I just think it's a little odd - whatever. BOTTOM LINE: IF YOU WANT A REALLY COOL-LOOKING, COMPACT MONITOR WITH A CAMERA THAT CAN ZOOM AND PAN, AND THE ABILITY FOR TWO-WAY COMMUNICATION, THIS IS THE SYSTEM FOR YOU!