I bought this kit for the 1,100 sqft house I rent. I like this system because its not too permanent, and its very easy to hear from anywhere.Window Installation:Window installation was a breeze after a bit of thinking. I couldn't mount them in the typical way because of the molding. However, I was able to very easily mount them on the bottom of the window on the window ledge. I mounted the magnet on the window putting the tape on the side of the magnet (not the back) and mounted the alarm on the window sill with the tape on the back like normal.Door Installation:Had to use a spacer (foarm board) to get the door alarm far enough out to reach the magnet mounted on the molding. The manufacturer does include a kind of mounting gadget that brings it off the door slightly so maybe they could also include a larger one that extends the device farther out. But they can't reasonable include all possible mounting hardware to work with all possible door designs so I don't fault them for that. If you're basically installing a $23 home alarm system yourself, you probably have a little bit of ingenuity and can make it work.To those whose house is too large to hear all the window alarms: If your house is that big, you should probably spend more than $23 on a home alarm system. Like a full featured home security system.I don't mind the deactivation switches on the window alarms. I figure it would take at least 3-5 seconds for a bandit to figure it out which should be enough to get your attention no matter what you are doing. It may not wake your neighbors if you aren't home but it is just stuff that can be replaced, mostly (renter's insurance is a beautiful thing). I'd rather know if someone is in my home while I'm home also in case the burglar is of the dangerous/armed variety. For example, I sleep with earplugs so typical noises don't wake me up, but these alarms sure would.I like this kit but only bought one to make sure I liked it and could install it relatively easily. As such I purchased 2 more to finish the job.