While the camera has a nice housing and it's advertised as an outdoor camera, the cabling makes it very difficult to actually mount outside and in accordance with any kind of electrical code.First off, the mount uses plastic wing nuts and whimpy hardware.  It's nearly impossible to tighten the mount enough to keep the camera from moving without stripping the threads.  Electrically the power, LAN and reset button are all wired into the same cable.  In addition, power is provided by an in-door wall transformer.  So you need a waterproof AC outlet AND someway to stow the exposed reset switch and LAN jack.  To date, I have not been able to find any type of reasonably sized electrical box that will work.  I may have to resort to one box to stow the cables next to an electrical outlet with an in-use type cover.  Also, the cable comes of the wall tranformer at the wrong angle and will require a dual-gang box for a single plug.  Completely unsightly and unacceptable.  Buyer beware.The software does not maintain users settings and must be reset everytime you open a browser session.  For example, I have multiple cameras, but everytime I open the browser it defaults to single camera view.  I also then have to re-establish settings for on-screen clock, border, etc.  The worst part is the software default is also camera NOT recording.  There also is no provision for recording to your PC's hard drive without opening a browser session.  So if your browser isn't running, you can't record to your PC.With some tweaks, this could be a great product, but the issues too many and too wide-ranging: software, hardware and electrical.  The camera does have a good picture, so if you just want a toy it's definitely fun to play with, but if you want a real maintenance free security system where you don't have to constantly go out and readjust the cameras, clean and seal connectors, and you want to actually capture a recording when something happens - this ain't it...I'm in too deep to start over, but if you're starting from scratch, think twice.