I waited about 2 months to write this review so I can give a bit more thought to it. No worries it will not be lengthy, but rather to the point.Purchased this for a mobile audio business to watch over the shop and surrounding area, but with the cost in mind. The Defender SN301 fit the bill perfectly !After literally weeks of searching for the 'right' one to get, browsing many stores as well as Amazon I came to this one. Granted though, I still tried to findmore for my money, simply put, there was nothing. Comparable ? Perhaps, but nothing else stood out to be a better purchase. Combined with Amazons price and quick shipping (Prime member)it was a no brainer.Pros:8 ChannelsLarge DVRVery easy to use web interfaceClear viewing in low light.Cons:None really of significance, but figured I would still mention for those wondering.No 'real' zoom. However for the price it should not be expected, really, it shouldn't.The zoom that it does have is digital and just single - zoom or not. When zoomedthe image appears pixelated and difficult to view. Otherwise quite clear when not using zoom.Again, must mention this was not an expectation I had, but wanted to mention for anyone wondering. The Blackberry access .. it is simply that - access via your browser. Not an 'app', but just logging ontothe site to browse your cameras. Not a big deal at all !So in summary, would I recommend ? Absolutely.I did have one problem when installing. The cameras use two power cables at the DVR that are pigtailed intofour 'outlets' if you will. In other words two sockets on the back of the DVR power 8 cameras, 4 per socket.One of the pigtail harnesses was bad out the box. Odd, but true ! All cameras worked flawlessly, but without thatsecond pigtail you can only connect a maximum of 5 cameras - 4 on the pigtail and one direct. I contacted Defender ..Minimal hold time ( a couple minutes maybe) and I was told they would send a new one out right away. All that was required was a proofof purchase ( from Amazon is fine). Unfortunately I never got around to this yet, but so far I will give their customer servicea huge thumbs up !