We've been using a Summer Infant Day & Night Handheld Color Video Monitor 1.8" Screen and were quite happy with its performance when set up close to baby's bed, but when we mounted the camera in a corner to get a view of the whole bedroom (baby is now toddler), it just wasn't sufficient.When we finally decided to upgrade with Baby #2 on the way (thought it was a good time to get a system that could support multiple cameras and had a larger viewing screen), we initially decided on the Samsung Wireless Video Security Monitoring System w/ 3.5" LCD after doing some research. Picture quality during daytime viewing was fine (not great), but the night vision was dismal (the screen was mostly black and we couldn't really see anything at all). We did not test the camera at close range -- this was only mounted in the corner, near the ceiling, about 10 ft. away from toddler in his bed. Also, even with the camera sensitivity set to the highest possible, we could not get the monitor to engage when "asleep" when there was noise in the toddler's room (as it was supposed to do). The stand on the monitor was poorly designed, and we found the controls to be somewhat cumbersome.Because night vision was one of our #1 priorities and the Samsung failed there, we returned the Samsung in favor of the Summer Infant BabyTouch, though it was considerably more expensive. We now love the Summer. Not only does it support up to 4 different cameras (like the Samsung), but the cameras MOVE (have the ability to pan around the room). Night vision is amazing, even mounted in the same spot as we had the Samsung (about 10 feet away from our target). Daytime picture is also pretty good. If you're expecting to get TV quality out of a baby monitor, you're not going to find it, and this unit does not have it (neither does the Samsung). But you can certainly see what you need to see. The controls are easy and intuitive, and the touch screen is great. We love that you can turn the video portion off to conserve battery, but still have continuous audio (unlike the Samsung). Video turns on and off with a single button touch. The camera silently pans around the room as well using controls on the touch screen, which the Samsung does not do.If night vision at varying distances is important to you, then the Summer BabyTouch is going to suit your needs better than this Samsung unit. All in all, the Summer is also just easier to use and was worth the extra cost over the Samsung.