People need to realize that these black keyfob/remote cameras are all over the internet..Amazon, Ebay, Craig's List, etc.  They all look the same but they are all different depending on where you get them from.  The case many times is the only thing that is the same.  The internals (the camera), battery, resolution, etc are all different.  Some have a HD, stutter free picture and some have a lower resolution picture that stutters and drops frames.  I suggest checking out Youtube for reviews on the various cameras and the various places that are selling them.  One of the best types of these keyfob/remote cameras with the best picture,etc is known as the 808 #11 or 808 #16.  These can ONLY be purchased on Ebay from a particular seller who is also the manufacturer from what I understand.  They cost around $25-$30 US.  All the other ones are different resolutions/batteries/quality and you really don't know what you are getting.People need to also realize that not all the reviews they are reading right now for THIS particular item being sold on Amazon are from people who bought THIS PARTICULAR ITEM ON AMAZON.  Some bought something that LOOKED the same on Ebay or Craig's List, etc.  They THINK they are helping because they think they are reviewing the same camera because it looks exactly the same.  However, they are not the same unless they bought the exact same unit HERE from THIS AD and even then they can't be 100% sure unless they know the seller.  The seller themselves might be substituting different/cheaper kefob/remote cameras from a different source.  I'm not saying they are but they COULD be.PLEASE if you leave a review of this product list WHERE you purchased it.  If you purchased it from THIS Amazon add, say so.  If you purchased it off of Ebay, say so.  That's the only way people reading it will know.  Reading a positive add for a black keyfob/remote camera bought off of Ebay will mean nothing for someone buying from this ad here on Amazon because the cameras are all different.Lastly, my actual review (number of stars) means nothing as this was just an informational post to make people aware that there are SO many different kinds of these cameras and they are all different.