I've always been hesitant about buying a video monitor, but after trying this I'm finally sold on them.  We've always had regular audio only monitors.  I never bought a video monitor because I was concerned about a) resolution/field of vision in the dark and 2) brightness/flashing lights on the nursery monitor at night.  The Lorex exceeded my expectations on both points.  The resolution is great at both 3-4 feet (looking into the baby's crib) and at 12-20 feet (in our toddlers' room).  In the dark you only see the one small red light and a very faint red ring of lights, it is very subtle and our children don't even notice it.The package includes 1 monitor unit/camera (with removable powercord) and 1 handset (with charging base and cord).  We love the unit so much we bought a second camera to use in the baby's room and have considered buying a third for the playroom.  Here is a run down of the pros and cons.Pros:- very compact monitor unit(s) and handset, hardly noticeable in a nursery- easy to setup single or multiple rooms- easy to program handset- audio feature on the handset lets you project your voice from the monitor in the kids room ("please sit down and go to sleep!")- excellent near/far resolution in both daylight, low light and darkness- the cord charges the monitor unit so if you lost power (or chose to unplug it while your child naps) you would still be able to see them- monitor camera swivels so you can position it (up/down/left/right) to see the child- great battery life- easy to switch between camera views on the handset (there is even a setting that cycles through the camera views every 2 seconds)- no interference or reception issues in our house (thick plaster walls and lots of wifi, bluetooth, wireless phones, etc.)- volume, resolution, sensitivity, etc. are easy to control on the handsetCons (pretty minor):- handset is not flat on the bottom so you can't sit it up right or on it's side when it's not in the charging base- the volume control on the handset doesn't allow for different volume or sensitivity settings for different rooms, but they are easy to adjust- the handset drops in to the charging base, but you have to line it up and push it down so the plug inside the charging base goes into the handsetIn short, the pros strongly outweigh the minor cons (mostly just things that would have been nice to have).  I love this product and would highly recommend it to anyone considering a video monitor - especially if you need to see children in multiple rooms and only want to carry one handset.  This is a great solution for parents with more than one child who only want to carry one handset, but still be able to monitor multiple children.