I've only been using these cameras for about 3 weeks but they are EXACTLY like the ones that came with my LW2930 set up.  From what I figured out, these will only work with the Lorex LW2730 and LW2930 systems.  The difference between these 2 systems is the screen size.  NO OTHER CAMERAS will work.  Here's something to know on the Lorex LW2930 system:  It took a few days to get the cameras working like they should.  The motion detector settings are trial and error.  The clarity of a still frame is great but functional video is something else.  The recorded video will but more choppy then you'd want and the responsiveness of the motion detector is going to be slower then you like.  For example, when my wife pulls into the driveway in her car, the camera will click on (motion sensor) when the car is almost past the camera.  Also, sometimes when the camera's motion clicks on, there's a white-out screen for about 1 second.  It doesn't sound like much but that first second is crucial to catch someone's face that's walking up to the front door.  On a plus, the 2 way audio is MUCH better than you would think.  You get used to it and love it!  I sit at my desk and listen to the sounds at each one of the cameras and it's pretty cool.  Zoom:  it's not REALLY a zoom.  It's more like a screen expansion with crappy pixilation.  In summary, the cameras are pretty cool but this is not a high powered system.  It's for CASUAL home use.  If you live in a high crime area and are nuts about watching your car then get a WIRED system.  The hard wired systems are more real-time, responsive and clear whereas the wireless systems show quick movements to be MAJORLY blurred.  Let me put it like this, if I sprinted from the beginning of my driveway to the end, a wired system could CLEARLY show my face and body where a wireless (read:  Lorex LW2730 and LW2930 systems)would display a useless blur.  Also, the motion detectors give a ton of false readings.  I have one of my cameras near a light and the bugs set off a bunch of false motions (or, should I saw, useless recordings).  Plan on upgrading the memory to a 32 MB card.  I'll probably be able to get 6 weeks of 30 second video clips from 4 different cameras.  Are you going to monitor your new awesome home camera  system with a smart phone?  Not unless you leave the Lorex LW2930 plugged into your computer and your computer stays powered on 24 hours a day.  Does anyone REALLY not turn off their computer?  In summary, Do I regret spending the $500+ on the whole system?  Well, no. . .it's a fun toy and much better than what I had before (which was nothing).  If something happens then it's good to have something to review.