I purchased this product due to the impressive feature list. I read a handful of reviews about it being hard to setup so I was skeptical, since I am an IT engineer I figured I'd be able to anyway.I have to say, it is not at all hard to set up, in fact it's really simple.  Easier than a normal router and that says alot.To set it up, connect it via LAN (it must be wired for setup, wireless works later).  Once connected, insert the CD they provided which runs on windows and goto IP Camera Detection -> Advanced.  It will give you the IP of the Camera.  It is on port 81 so it will be [...] for example.Once there you can configure it.  I love it, great feature set.Pros-Great mounting hardware, can be mounted on wall or ceiling-Good IE and Chrome software-Works on iPhone (I recommend you download an ip camera software though, the stock display is crappy)-Has 2 way Mic-Can email motion alerts direct, worked with my gmail account using encryption - awesome-Does not false detect motion-Wireless antenna works well-Rotation is smooth-Outstanding night vision, uses IR leds which are not visible so it produces no visible light yet the camera output looks as if it were broad daylightCons-Built in software only allows mic control from Internet Explorer, for anything over IE 8 make sure to turn on compatability control or it crashes IE-Built in iPhone browser is poor.  Download IpCamera Pro from App Store, with that you can control mic, pan tilt, etc from the iPhone in real time, works amazing with this camera.Overall: HIGHLY recommended.  Setup is easy, features are great, it works outstanding.  For the price you cannot beat this.  I have it outside in a covered environment but it does get moist and it does not hurt it.  I do not think this is water proof so do not put it in direct rain.P.S. This is just as good or better than Foscam models and costs half the price FYI.----------------UPDATE: It has been about a year and this thing is still going strong! Can be controlled with reecam, a free app from the maker on iPhone.  Love this thing.  I have it mounted outside in warm, tropical, rainy conditions.  It is not in direct water/rain and I would not suggest you do, it's on my semi-covered porch.  No issue at all, no wear, no problem, no foggy lens, etc.  I would highly recommend this product.  It can send automated alerts to GMAIL.  if you download the iphone gmail app - it will push notify you.  I made a custom acct for cam alerts so I get push alerts with screen captures on my iphone when it detects motion.  Awesome solution.