I own 5 of these ip cams (note that they are mass produced and a name is slapped on them, ie wanscam, wansview, etc, so if they look like the picture just go for the best deal) and I think they are WELL worth the cost.PROS:-The most bang for your buck hands down. You will not be able to find a camera that has IR lights, 2-way audio & talk, wireless, pan/tilt, internet access, password protection, and much more. For example, the next best brand is Foscam and they are more than double the cost.-Once setup there is no maintenance. Simply log on through your local network or anywhere in the world through your phone or computer. You can setup the camera to remember anywhere from 1 to 16 focus points or manually control the adjustment to view anywhere it is able to look at.-The included wall mount can be used in any position. You can invert the camera and easily change the settings to mirror the image and the mount is sturdy and I have never had an issue with it.CONS:-PROGRAMMING IS TERRIBLE! But in the sense you need to know about the internet and routers. Honestly, if you are not familiar port forwarding, remote IP connections, data transfer security, IP addresses, etc, then you will have a very hard time getting the full function out of this equipment. The included CD is only useful for finding the IP camera on your network, but programming it to get access to it through your cell or remote computer takes a lot more doing. Their webpage (for all names associated with this product) is lacking on all setup help.-2 way audo is not up to par with respect to using it to talk through the camera if on an outside network. The camera's mic is good for hearing what is within 10ft of the camera, but when you try to talk back you will have a hard time getting the person to understand you unless you are on an extremely fast home and remote network.OVERALL:If you are reasonably savvy with the internet and programming routers then you can probably work your way through it. That being said, if you can set it up there is NO second to the value of this product; you will be happy. I have this camera mounted inside and outside (open air under carport but no cover) and have not had any problem with dew or camera failure due to weather though rain does not touch it directly. The internet interface works best with IE but can be used on Chrome or Firefox (but note you will not have all the options if not under IE).If you would like further insight into this product, please comment; I would be happy to help if I can.