I was having problems with a crazy neighbor, and shopping around for an affordable security camera system resulted in the purchase of Logitech Alert.  I got one indoor camera and three of the outdoor models - one of which I actually have inside.  I really wish I had gone with all outdoor cameras.  I've found the indoor camera to essentially be useless without the infrared recording features that the outdoor models have.  Seems like every reason I've had to review captured footage has resulted in...  well, no footage.  Not enough light, so the camera is blind.  Not a problem with the outdoor models - great day and nighttime recording.  And the audio is a big plus.  You'd be surprised at what people who are doing things they shouldn't be doing talk about - more things they shouldn't be doing that are good to have a heads-up on.  I can pick-up audio on my roof-mounted outdoor cameras, even when the talkers aren't within the view of the cameras.The system isn't perfect.  I really wish Logitech would expand it to offer functionality to Mac users (I bought a Windows-based laptop just to run the Alert system) - which is the only reason I knock them a star.  I've had a few issues with the system failing to "find" the cameras...  Nothing various combinations of restarting the software, the computer and/or the cameras hasn't fixed.  And after about a year and a half, I've had to start replacing failed Micro SD cards - 2 so far.  I'm guessing the cards just reached their maximum write cycle, and it's not necessarily a reflection of quality or lack thereof.  I got four new cards (planning for the next expected fail) - even upgraded the original 2GB cards to 8GB - on Amazon for under $40 bucks.  WIth on-going costs of running this system essentially being $0 (live viewing of the cameras online through Logitech's servers and optionally emailed snapshots of motion-triggered recordings are FREE), that's a maintenance cost I can live with.  I didn't even bother with Logitech support to see if they'd replace the cards.  I do pay a minimal monthly fee ($5/mo) for a third-party cloud backup that runs every minute, so if a security "incident" results in the loss of my memory cards and the PC the footage lives on (the dedicated PC runs Alert 24/7), I should have record of how it happened with an off-site backup.I'm happy with the system overall, and the outdoor cameras are great.  I'd recommend skipping the indoor models and enduring the extra cost (and bulkiness) of the outdoor cameras for both your outdoor and indoor needs.