Got this not as a baby monitor, but to put by my front door.  I'm out during the day and I don't want my wife (who works from home) to open the door to a stranger.  Sure, we got the peephole - but the person knows you're behind it and what if.  Install was super easy, everything worked without any additional setup needs.But ... I did need to read the manual. Why you ask - I couldn't find the ON switch for the LCD end.  The ON/OFF button is way too small.  My fat fingers makes it difficult to operate and I have to concentrate each time.  I only wish the switch had been made a bit bigger.Other than that one 'small' complaint, we've been using it for about a month so far - and it work flawlessly.Edit: After around five months of use the Night Time Capabilities stopped working.  The loss of an additional star really isn't because of this failure - all electronics fail/I completely understand.  The loss of an additional star is due to the return systems in place.  Apparently Motorola has outsourced this function to a third party, and it is a case of (through no fault of this third party company) slow returns and a process that isn't well thought out.  Since its a third party company, they really can't change the system.It would have been nice if I could have given a card number and they immediately shipped a working unit back to me - so I wasn't without a defective unit, while the broken unit got sent back.  Oh well.The product really is all Motorola:Engineering-wise:  AWESOME, ROCK SOLID (Sure mine failed, but not crazy)Design-wise:  Sloppy as hell (e.g.: the on/off button)Business Systems-wise:  Sloppy and unrealistic of how consumers are todayI would still recommend this unit - it is a solid piece of technology (one failure like mine is to be expected).Oh one more thing - it does throw a lot of interference out.  I couldn't understand why my iPhone/iPad on Wi-Fi wouldn't work in the bedroom (with the monitoring head unit).  once I turned off the monitoring LCD - everything worked great.  So if you're trying to watch a movie on your iPad/etc over Wi-Fi be warned.