Overall this is a pretty great unit, especially for the price. We had been using a separate baby monitor/web cam solution for a while and this really works out better.Pros:- Uses an fairly standard mini-USB style connector for charging which means that you can actually charge using a variety of chargers (including a computer). This is very nice.- Both the monitor and the camera use the same charger too.- The camera also has a battery in it, so you can take them with you on a trip and you don't have to be plugged into power the whole time.- The infrared night-vision is quite good.Cons:- They added the ability to capture stills to an SD card, but they're really low resolution captures. It's a pretty useless feature in all.- The monitor is fairly low resolution, I'm not sure if the camera's output is low, but the monitor on the baby cam is. They don't publish the resolution, but it's probably 240x160.- The multi-monitor support is nice, but with the buttons so readily available, we're always hitting the button for one of the other monitors, which of course forces it to beep. It would be nice to be able to configure what monitors are available so you don't have to worry about it.- When the camera is charging, there is a bright red LED that shines. It would have been nice if it had been placed somewhere on the back instead so it didn't disturb baby. Luckily it goes out after the camera is charged, so most of the time its not a problem.- The audio has a little more interference than our previous monitor. It's not really a problem, but it is noticeable.- It's nice that the camera has a battery, but it would be nice if the camera had a "quick disconnect". If you attach the camera to the wall, you can't remove it easily.Curiosities- With the USB connector on the camera, I'm curious if it will work as a USB webcam as well. I'll try it some time, it would certainly make this more usable when the monitor is no longer needed for baby duty.In the end I recommend this monitor, especially for the price. There are a few things that I wish were better about it, but most of the issues are very minor.