I purchased this camera to overview the area I park my car in my apt complex. I am on the second floor and have the camera mounted on the deck. I choose the Logitech one after looking around because i usually love Logitech products and I really only wanted ONE camera, with as much quality/features as possible.Setup- Super easy.  Plus and Play basically, all you need a is a screwdriver to open these panels that hide/protect the connector for the Ethernet cable and to screw it into what ever you want to mount it on.  The networking through the power lines works really well so far.  I have my router plugged into a Tripp Lite PS3612 Power Strip and then the camera is outside on just a standard outdoor rated wall outlet. It successfully connects every time that Ive tried it so far. I tried it in the bathroom on a GFI plug when it first arrived to test out the night vision cause i felt like that was the easiest room to make completely dark since it had no windows.Quality- The camera feels really well built and not flimsy.  Feels like you don't have to baby it, and could take some light beating if you accidentally drop it on the floor (not going to test that, I do baby it.) All the water proofing cover for the cables are a nice touch.  I don't think this is designed to be in direct rain, it states it is Weatherproof, not Waterproof.  There are screw spots on both sides (top and bottom) so I think that could hold water if you had it out in direct rain and possibly leak into the case. So In my situation i will need to be sure to have something over it (its under partial soffit ATM, feel like ill need/want more though.)UPDATE: I used this for about a week and ultimately returned it.  It was good, but not what i was looking for.  While i could definitely see the people in the parking lot, the image quality was not high enough to positively ID a person or license plate 50 ft away, and thats what I wanted out of it.I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a camera to just watch over items or see if someone is driving up the lane.