Obviously, you probably won't find a perfect monitor out there. This one is pretty good - nice clear picture, although since I assume your baby sleeps in the dark, you'll never get a beautiful clear picture like the ads show, and frankly, even in daylight and bright light the picture isn't as good as the ads! But the picture is decent, as good or better as other video monitors.  The range and battery life are good, as is the build quality and durability. After about a year, the monitor charging cord became frayed (probably my fault - I have a tendency to pull it ouf of the socket by the cord instead of the plug) and Motorola replaced it as a courtesy even though it'd been over a year.  I like the visual audio feedback, where it lights up to indicate how loud the sound is.I would absolutely recommend it to others and I would absolutely re-purchase.That said, there are a few minor quibbles and one big one. The songs are kind of weird/annoying and not soothing like you'd think, and after about a year of use the symbols on the buttons have started to wear off. The zoom is digital zoom, so it's pretty worthless, as it just pixelates an already pixelated nightvision image - but it's no worse than any of the other monitors I've seen, so don't discount it for that reason!The *big* quibble - and Motorola, if you see or monitor these, PLEASE take this into consideration - is that you can't turn off the sound.  Our audio monitor had the same visual feedback, where it lit up depending on how loud it was, but it allowed us to turn the sound completely down and just use the lights for information. This being a video monitor, you'd think they'd have the same option, since it has not just lights for feedback but also, you know, pictures of the baby!  She has a tendency to whine in her sleep for quite a while as she's going to bed and as she's waking up - but isn't crying and doesn't need attention. She's just settling or waking in her own way. I would LOVE to be able to use the monitor AND not have to listen to the whining....but because the sound won't mute, I have to listen to it no matter what if I want to use the monitor to keep an eye on her during those times. The lowest audio setting is LOUD still. It'd be great if you could mute it.