This thing is AMAZING, especially for its price!!!!(I used to struggle with an X-10 system. That was a chisel and a stone tablet compared to this.)It IS a little confusing to set up, unless you're a net admin or have a fair amount of savvy. It IS worth the patience. A few folks have given pretty detailed instructions on this site. I had fun reading the Mac stuff, just for the "fun" of it ...The PDF manual on the disk actually makes sense. Do NOT bother reading the enclosed paperwork unless you really enjoy puzzles. They tried --- they really did. But if you're old enough to remember old model airplane kits made in Japan ("Are to wings be putting not until.") then it'll look like the Chinese version of that.I have no idea what the absolute range is. Right now it's about 40 feet away, in a house with steel structural members in the walls. NO problem. It's interesting to see my front door in a separate tab.The web-based viewer(s) have more features, and are worth using. (Firefox is fine; IE has more stuff.) The web apps seem to be the only way to kill the "on the air" green light. (You could use electrical tape. :)This is getting installed over the garage tomorrow.I'm still exploring features. I don't know how to turn the infrared lights off manually --- they glare when inside a window, and I'm thinking of a second unit.If this item holds up, it'll be a definite 5-star for the bucks.UPDATE:The physical rotation of the camera is probably closer to 345 degrees! The rotation of the VISUAL field is OVER 360 degrees. (It actually overlaps part of the field in reverse rotation.The WiFi through external walls, etc. isn't what you'd get on your laptop from your router. It may take some finagling to get the right angle and line. I think a signal booster would work out fine. At longer range and with obstacles it can take a couple of tries to latch on. Thing works even better than I'd expected, though. I may give it its own (older, upgraded-from) router.WISH it had programmable location and scan path presets. It might get 6 Stars for that. (Watching it whiz through 360+ degrees is a bit much!)Just calculated the view angle at 40 degrees, for what it's worth.UpdateJust ordered a second one. Nuff said.Update again:The second one was easier. There are still mysteries in the setup sections --- and features that are unlisted. (Like, click a motion arrow and drag off it, and the camera goes to that stop.) Put in longer ethernet cables and moved the router about seven feet and it made a huge difference.IF THE MANUFACTURER READS ANY OF THIS:1) Needs scan presets or limit stops!2) Needs a manual override to turn the infrared off!C'mon! You're doing great, so far! Update!