The good1. It works great. By great I haven't had a problem, it gives me the video and records fine2.The interface is somewhat easy if you're savvy and read what you click. I could imagine my mother never figuring it out but for me I have no problem maneuvering through it without a manual.3. The price is great considering you're getting 8 cameras4. Although I haven't needed tech support, people review tech support is great.5. Works great through the homenetwork. I get a live feed on all my devices, Android phone, and ipad.----------------------------------------------The Bad (Which is more of a personal problem and WARNING to buyers)1. The quality!Ugh, it's so poor. sure you can tell who your mother, father, and brothers are when they walk into the shot but when it's a stranger good luck.If you're buying this to monitor employees such as nannies, pool guy, or whoever it's fine.But if a stranger walks into the shot good luck ever figuring out who it is. It's my biggest regret because I bought this for home security. If a group of men robbed my house and I handed the footage to the police it would be utterlessly pointless. They would need to hire a scientific forensic team to make out peoples faces or details. Realistically they would only do that for a murder.If you want this for home security don't be cheap with it. We're living in  the 21st century! lets act like it. Pay twice as much for the 1080p or 720p cameras. I completely tossed my money down the drain with this set up. Although I do love the interface and everything the quality just does not cut it and like I said it's a personal problem but a serious one if you want this to see who's breaking into cars or who's ruining your daisies or breaking your mail box.The point of the security camera is for you to see who's doing the naughty things. Pay double for the 720p or 1080p you won't regret it.  You NEED GOOD QUALITY IMAGES.I Hope I save someone money with my post. I was fooled by all the happy and great reviews. Also I was a total noob but I learned my lesson too bad it cost nearly 400$