(mac people, read on this has a good ending for you) After reading reviews that spoke of how tricky it was to install on a mac and how a "mini" cd that came with it wouldn't work in a mac, I started researching everything I could about methods to set up the camera for wireless.  I have better than average computer skills and took it as a challenge.  Shipping was quick, packaging was easy to open.  I hunted around the house for an unused ethernet cable to use for set up.  When I found one, I opened the box and viola, they provided one with the camera!  I should have taken this as a sign that wansview has stepped up their game a little.  I didn't. I sat the disk aside without noticing it is a full size disk now.  I opened up my router set up, dug around for the ip of the new camera and really worked like crazy for two hours, following every bit of advice I had read from reviews and websites about this camera with a mac. No luck, it was there on my network, but all I got was a response from the camera in my browser window that "it works".  I gave up for a few hours and did a funny thing. I looked at the disk, that I assumed was windows only.  It didn't read in my mac so I popped it in a windows laptop.  Surprise, there was a mac install folder on the disk! I copied that folder onto a thumb drive and ran on the mac.  Ta-da!the set up was done in a minute, all I had to do was double click on the set-up and double click again. Done. Would the disk have worked in my mac if I tried it again? I don't know. But if I had not set my self up for this being hard and just looked at the disk, I would have been done with set up, wireless set up and port forwarding for remote access in about 20 minutes. Access from a web works fine on safari and firefox, IE has a few more features.  I couldn't make head or tails of the wansview iphone app, but between the free ip cam app and the one for a couple bucks, the paid one allowed me to use the pan,tilt feature from my phone.  very cool. The picture is very clear, even with the camera pointed out the window to outside. Some colors of distant objects in bright sun were not totally accurate, but hey; I'll take two of these over one of the others.