This little camera works great.It is not exactly as durable as a commercial version but it is probably only 10% of the price or less.Some reviews talked about a problem with the LED brightness but it worked fine on my MacBook Pro.  I suspect that to be a power issue with the USB connector on their computer.  There are some "two head" USB short extension cables that can let you plug into two USB jacks to get more power.  The camera and the LED's get all of their power from the USB socket on the computer.  I could vary the LED brightness to any level required.  The little control on the side of the plug (computer end) was a bit "light duty" feeling but it worked fine.The focal length of the lens is fairly close and things maybe 18 inches away or more begin to get a bit fuzzy but it will focus very close down to an inch or two.I used it to look in the wall during a remodel job of a bath where an old steel vent pipe had visible corrosion before we opened up the whole wall to look at the pipe.  As it turned out I could see more problems so we did the necessary "drywall surgery" to replace more of the steel vent pipe.I only used my MacBook and I recorded the inspection session with QuickTime but no drivers were required.  The CD was a small format disk (not full diameter) and probably would not work with a MacBook slot loading drive but I did not need it any way.  If you record the session you don't have to worry about pausing long enough to inspect as you go.  Just watch the screen and move around as needed then replay the video stopping where needed to inspect.  The cable is NOT stiff enough to inspect in a wall without something to guide the camera.  I used an electricians "fish tape" that is essentially a piece of thick spring wire rolled around a disk that allows controlled un-coiling and winding up.  I simply taped the camera to the end and pushed in to the wall.  I already had the "fish tape".  A dowel rod or even a straightened out coat hanger would probably work OK in most cases.  If you need more accurate control then search for "fish tape" on Amazon and you can find something for $10 that should work.Recommended.