Update 05/11/2014:No response to email message for support. Would rate camera at zero but not available for selection. Lowered rating to one.Update 05/07/2014:I've not been able to get replies to my queries (either here or by email) about software problems. As a result I've lowered my rating of this product to a two. As for the "IR CUT" feature described by the vendor in this comment thread...when I put my finger over the light sensor on the camera the IRs light up. When I remove it (in day light) the IRs go out. Either way my green grass is displayed with a purple tint.Original:1) The base plate that screws into the wall was missing.2) No software CD/DVD included!3) The KAICONG.NET website is down. Google translate indicates some kind of illegal software issue.After messing around with Google translate and the KAICONG.CC website I finally managed to get the IPCAMERASEARCH software downloaded and the 1602 configured for wireless use. Which lead me to the following:4) The color is off...my green grass shows up as purple.5) When trying to record from IE browser interface I am unable to setup anything about the local record path or file sizes and of course the record button does not work.6) When selected Lock to lock horizontal movement ends in 1 hour exactly.7) Cannot tell if this is all fixed in a firmware update and other software is available because the English language website is down.8) Listen and talk can be selected and both work but for talk you need to hook up to amplified speakers.I was able to download a free version of iSpy and it works enough so that I can record and playback the video which is in MP4 format. It spits out a video file every 15 minutes. My longest recording session so far is 12 hours. Night vision was not bad compared to some other cameras I've seen.9) I was able to get an app for my Vizio Android tablet which allows me to see video and move the camera about. I am having problems with multiple simultaneous access to the camera on my local network. I don't know if this is a camera issue.Since this camera will allow me to monitor/record activity in the yard and only cost $35 total I give it an OK rating. Hope the English website comes back up soon!