This borescope was okay, and I really wasn't expecting stellar performance out of it considering that it's pretty low in price. Unfortunately, it didn't really fit my needs, and I had bought it to look into walls behind drywall for home improvement projects. Since everyone likes bulletpoints:Like!- Waterproof housing means you can use it for adventurous scoping, like for leaky pipes or drain problems.- Long cable, can let you drop and dangle this baby pretty far down the aforementioned pipe or drain.- Plug-and-play capability, didn't require any drivers with Windows 7, and should work with many webcam softwares. I used this camera with Yawcam (Google it!), and it worked fine.Dislike!- LED illumination lights are situated next to the camera, right below the protective plastic lens at the end. When turned to full brightness, the camera effectively blinds itself with the reflection of its own LEDs off of the plastic lens. Expect to have to use the onboard LED illumination at dim settings or use external illumination, which makes having onboard LEDs a bit useless.- Long cord is long and flexible, and makes it pretty difficult to orient or point the camera where you want it to. I was aware of this before purchasing it, but it ended up being a bigger issue than I had anticipated. Basically, if you need to point the camera sideways or upwards, you'll have to come up with some creative ways to do so.- Camera image quality is not very good. Again, I was expecting it at this price point, but the camera feed is quite blurry and grainy. It's workable, but expect much worse image quality than a front-facing camera on some smartphones.I ended up returning this borescope, and purchasing the much more expensive Supereyes borescope: Supereyes Waterproof Borescope Endoscope Inspection The cable isn't nearly as long, but cable will hold the position you flex it to. The camera head is smaller which lets it fit into smaller spaces, the camera image quality is better, and the camera won't blind itself with its own onboard LED illumination. It was also five times more expensive when I'd gotten it, but it worked much better for my needs.