Super Shipping:I bought it on Sunday and I had it in my hand on Tuesday with free shipping. Sweet!Features:Initial setup was breeze! I never installed or used CD which came with package. I plugged in this camera (using LAN) to my router (wireless) and It shows up in my network search as plug & play device. Opened the device (it will open wireless router kind of configuration in browser). Provided userid/pwd as admin/admin and I was in the web configuration. (If you are not into technology please use CD). Initial Setup and its' testing took less than 30 minutes.Now is fun part: How to setup motion detection with email alert? What video size is best size?Email & Motion Detection:- As google, yahoo, att uverse etc. SMTP provider doesn't work because they use SSL for SMTP. On top of it, ISP blocks Port 25! I had to struggle to setup email for 4 hours.- I setup account at gmx.com which allows smtp without SSL- Used SMTP Port "587"- Used My server require authentication and provided gmx.com userid & password (email address password)Voila, I started getting motion triggered video emails!!!Video Quality:- I configured Recording to  be always on (for testing). I found that 640x480 with 5 fps gives me reasonable good picture quality. every 10 minutes of video takes ~70 MB HD space.- Picture quality is not great! I still can not figure out face of persons. You can get some idea how person looks - nothing more.- Reasonably OK quality- Dim-light recording is great (even street light is sufficient to record from street). I do not think I need IR camera.Security:- Make sure you do port forwarding for port 80 or other port to this camera so you can access it from internet (away from home). Also make sure allow only authenticated users to access video stream.- It think this is more of router setting issues. You can get tones of info on internet.Motion Sensitivity:- Make sure to set sensitive area and priority (+++----). + or - options or buttons are provided to set sensitivity.- Absolutely no requirement of any computer to running. Camera takes over that job. it does nice job!- It seems at night, motion sensitivity doesn't work that great. May be i have to observe this camera for next few days!How I use:- I installed this camera facing toward parking lot behind glass windows. I may get polarized glass in front of camera lens to reduce glare in morning!- I'm planning to buy another for inside- I can use iPhone browser to watch live streaming- I tested Samsung Eternity, Palm, LG phones (AT&T; & Sprint network) and RTSP feed works great. I loved it!Hope it helps. Email setup was hardest part for me!