Purchased the LOREX LIVE Snap baby monitoring system bundle with two cameras and because I thought the system looked great online, a third camera too.Yes, I would like this product a-lot if it worked as designed.Two major and one minor issue with the product:Note: I am a fairly patient and thorough person with a electrical and mechanical background and did my best to make this system work.-'VOX feature- no matter how you adjust the volume level the VOX(voice activation) feature kicks on constantly, basically it turns off for a second then comes right back on.LOREX support said it was just background noise causing it to activate. I disagree, even at 2am when it is dead quiet it activates constantly. I verified it was not the forced air heating causing background noise.-'Camera Signal- out of three cameras one would lose it's signal inconsistently but often. LOREX supprot said it was interference in the house. I disagree, I tried the receiver/camers pairing process a couple of time with no effect. The problem camera just happenes to be the closest to the receiver (5 to 30'), the other two cameras were even further away and through multiple walls/floors (large house). Sometimes it would loose the signal from just outside the room, about five feet away.-'Receiver Charging Base- this problem is minor but annoyed my wife. The handheld receiver unit fits onto a base unit for handy charging, similar to a wireless home phone. In order to put the receiver into the base you have to align the male charging plug that sticks up from the base into the female port on the receiver. On occasion it will go in easy but most of the time you have to use two hands and make sure the two are aligned.LOREX support is a joke. If you ever need to call them just go out to your vehicle and slam your hand in the door, same feeling.  They are not familiar with the product, I had to explain to them how VOX worked. They read from a script and said a LEVEL II technician will call back in a few minutes. Over two weeks later and only after I posted a bad comment on their Facebook page did they decide to call me back. They were very rude to my wife on the phone and lied saying they have been calling us back repeatedly- they never left a message and the caller id history reveals no such calls. Currently I am in the process of trying to return the defective system.If you decide to purchase a LOREX system keep you invoice records and don't let them try to force you into paying a restocking fee if you have to return the product.