With trepidation I ordered and recently received this particular security camera setup. Let me explain the trepidation, I wanted a wireless system to operate externally on my house but after reading many negative reports about the loss of signal due to building materials it has to travel through, I was lets say hesitant to click the 'confirm order button'. Now, I was fully aware that I need to install regular electrical outlets close to the camera locations, I did read somewhere that the plugs convert the power from AC to DC current so hard wiring the electrical cord was not an option you need a standard electrical outlet, easy enough but hard wiring the cameras back to the DVR was also not an option that's why I opted for the wireless cameras. Upon receiving the order I immediately got an electrical extension cord plugged in the camera and checked to see if I got a clear signal to the DVR at the furthest point away (about 65 feet) through stucco, wood framing with insulation, tile roof and wood flooring and even though the signal strength was 1 out of 4 bars, the picture was good and clear. Trepidation now replaced with elation, I installed all four cameras. Set up of the DVR was simple enough.The cameras do transmit on 2.4 GHz and did interfere with my WiFi BUT I have a Dual Band Router (I bought this about 2 years ago for about $100) and set everything else to 5.0 GHz, easy fix and all works well.Easy to get the app for my phone and Ipad, just inputted the required info and all works well.The system works as advertised for that I give it 5 stars, now let's see how well it stands up to the test of time.UPDATE....5-28-14.  Well, it's been 7 months since I did the install. One camera failed about 3 weeks ago (the one furthest away from the DVR) not sure of the reason but the power supply converter that you plug in to the wall outlet might have failed. I have sent the camera back to Lorex and have been told they will replace it free under warranty, we'll see...The only other thing is the software for my phone, at first it was OK but then became sporadic, so I tried 'Port Forwarding', difficult to achieve and didn't really solve the problem. Still working on that one.Outside of those 2 issues the system runs well, the other cameras still produce good quality pictures and survived a cold Colorado winter outside.