I have a tried different IP Cameras especially D-Link and Lorex, before settling on this one. I want, reliable IP cameras, easy to install and manage via PC, smartphone and tablets. I saw these cameras on sale at Costco during Thanksgiving. I bought hoping I could return them if not satisfied. But, after 3 months of use, that never happened.Installation is a breeze. You do need to register with Samsung and download software. During installation it is connected via Ethernet. I am not concerned about giving my router password to Samsung (What they gonna do?)Now this means that:1. Samsung Has total access to your video streams AT ALL TIMES. No big deal. Samsung does not have time to watch your videos.2. You can access your camera via Samsung mobile app or PC software or directly via web browser and view your video from anywhere. I have installed on all my devices without any glitch.3. Camera management software is by Techwin, a Samsung affiliate..4. When setting up your camera you are divulging very sensitive data to Samsung, such as your WiFi router's password. Okay so what's the big deal in this? If you want my router password just email me and I will be glad to provide if it makes you happy.Here are some highlights of this camera.1. The camera has 2-way audio which is very crisp and loud enough. The speaker is located at the back of camera. You can talk while you watch, like a walkie-talkie. You can control the volume.2. The camera switches resolution from 640x480 downwards depending on WiFi signal.  If there is a glitch in WiFi, it reconnects. I never had to unplug this device for this purpose.3. The night vision is awesome.4. It uploads videos to YouTube, Picasa and emails you video/image link of any motion detection activity. Even if you entire house is cleaned out by burglars, the video is safe on YouTube. You can download your video from Google+.5. You can control at what times to detect motion.6. This is excellent device for baby monitoring because of excellent night vision and 2 way talk feature.7. All you need is a smartphone or tablet with WiFi to monitor your house anytime.I am writing this after 3 months extensive use and have explored it thoroughly and I am impressed![...]