Having read many of the reviews in regards to positioning, sheltering, and heat related false alarms, I planned ahead and mounted mine as follows:Wanted to monitor the back of my manufactured home in a gated park that has had some teen intruders scouring the area at night for things to take (most likely to pawn for drugs).I used a 2 lb coffee can as a housing, primered with gray primer inside & out, created an 'L'-brkt to match the mounting hole of the sensor, which I mounted inside the can about 3" back from the front, and drilled holes in the back for 2 large 'zip ties' to mount to the park's 5' chain link fence.  It was positioned facing north so that the morning-thru the day-to afternoon sun would not affect it.  I also painted the outside with 'reflective coating' (i.e. Kool-Coat) since I live in AZ.  Cut a notch in the front to allow rain drainage. [see Product views for pic of unit as mounted]I get few false alarms with this config, but some from large white trucks/vans traveling past the front road which is about 150' away from the back fence.***I believe that this device monitors heat via IR (infrared) or NIR (near-infrared) and integrates the 'window' that it monitors, allowing for 'slow-changing' ambient conditions w/o alarming, but looking for a relatively 'quick change' to alarm. Standing still in one spot wont cause the sensor to re-alarm until their is movement once again. Besides movement, blowing trees/shrubs causing 'moving' (or modulated) shade/sunlight across the area being monitored could yield false alarms.  I have had 'none' at night while sleeping, and so the white truck/van alarms during the day time must be from reflected sunlight..(?).I'm happy with this device (found a stray 120vac to 5vdc power supply in my pile of used P.S.'s from old electronic devices to use with the Monitor unit), and with the housing/positioning I used to mount it which has paid off...It is 5 Stars for the price, but is 4 Stars for the function, and needs some more discriminatory 'smarts' in the electronics to be both a sensitive but yet fewer false alarm sensor/monitor system---which of course would drive the price higher.Pic of Sensor mounted:  [see Product views for pic of unit as mounted]*** [1 mo later: have noticed that 'fast-moving clouds' going across the sun will also give occasional false alarms.  Again, the sensor looks for a quick change in the overall integrated IR light being viewed to generate an alarm.  Also have noticed some clouds of dust (I live near the desert) generate an alarm.  All is OK for me, as I wanted to monitor the back of my place for night-time intruders, and have had no false alarms during the night, with the only alarm being a coyote passing thru!]