Until 6 months ago I had never heard of Ubiquiti, now I'm a huge fan of their products.  I was looking for an outdoor IP camera in the $100 range.  I of course wanted to get a nice picture out of it and didn't want a lot of headaches when it came to installing.  I'm happy to say this met all my needs.This was my first experience with POE (power over ethernet) devices and have to say I love it!  For those that like to buy the DVR with 4 cameras it is a similar concept.  You don't need to run a long extension cord or worry about outside electrical boxes.  You just use the same Ethernet cables as you plug right into your computer and it powers the device.  It comes with a POE injector which is the little box that you do plug into an outlet.  I ended up plugging that box into an outlet and running the ethernet cable into the attic and outside to my camera.  I mounted it under the roof line on a side of the house that doesn't get blowing rain.  The install was easy enough and there were plenty of adjustments I could make to get the picture just right.  I ran all of my cables first and made sure that piece was all ready, so that when I went to install the camera and plugged in the cable, it was online and transmitting.  I took my 6" tablet up the ladder with me so I could see a live picture from the camera as I was adjusting the focus and angel of tilt and such.  That made it so much easier, I don't like ladders and don't like reclimbing them to move it a little to the left!When done, I couldn't believe how clear the picture was for a $100 camera.  Now, I say this because I've used plenty of the DVR kits and cameras as well as some other IP cameras and I've never been very impressed.  For the first time I was impressed with a $100 camera.  This did exactly what I was wanting.  I wanted a nice crisp clear picture that would let me see a live view of what was happening in my driveway and yard.  This isn't a zoom in and see a license plate camera, but you aren't going to get that in this price range.  I've had it running now for about 6mths and have not had one issue with it.The on board web configuration software is just fine and I didn't have any issues with getting it configured.  I really only use this as a live view camera, I don't use any recording or capture software.  It has worked on all of my pad and smartphone devices as well as over the internet.Wonderful camera for the money.  They also make very good wifi devices which I also highly recommend.