So as not to duplicate other reviews here I will simply note that comparing this to the Uniden UDW20055 Wireless Video Surveillance System (Black)and Lorex LW1012 this unit is just a hands down winner. i searched for months for a simple reliable camera system.  The units install easily and the only drawback on these units seem to be price. But so far at least you get what you pay for.PS : I will update in a couple months how this systems outside camera does in the cold new england winters..but so far so good.  Night vision is clear in close but limited 30 feet (not nearly as good as the uniden units 50++feet).  A small sacrifice though for the easy setup, clear control panel, and 64 bit support on this unit though.Update: The outside camera performed well this winter, with no issues.  It has been as cold as -4 deg here and we have had tons of snow.  I did have to clean the lens on the unit twice, due to blowing snow freezing to the front of it.Also I have found that the wireless part of the system can be tricky depending on the size of your house or how far on the circuit the unit is from the receiver. I found if the receiver and the camera are on different circuits and one of them is GFI protected, has dimmers, or has spiral type energy saving bulbs, you can have interference. The dimmers came into play with my living room when trying the camera in there; different circuit but same distance as the living room, and I had a fuzzy signal with the lights on.  The energy saving bulbs showed up when moving the camera to our porch area. We blew a bulb, replaced it with an energy saver and static in the signal., switched it back, problem solved.  We found the GFI when trying to place this in our laundry area, that is the only explanation we could find as distance,lighting, ect should not have been an issue.The UPDATED bottom line after 4 months.  The units work well and with some planning install easily.  It helps a great deal if your on the same circuit, and if you can limit distance traveled it will improve signal and easy of setup. Depending on your needs and budget this can be a good system.  It is a bit pricey, but recording features and its "wireless nature" make up for this I think.