As others have already mentioned, this is a great system for people that want to set up a good quality surveillance/monitoring system but don't necessarily have the technical skills to do so and/or don't want to run the wires all over their house for a CCTV setup. The powerline adapters make it easy to install the cameras anywhere you want as long as there is a power outlet nearby. There are some limitations there, but it should work for most common applications. In my particular case, I didn't use the powerline adapters and have my Alert cameras running from a POE (Power-over-Ethernet) switch, so the cameras are fully POE compliant. I won't go into pros of the system since they have already been covered by other reviewers earlier, but I wanted to mention a few things that are not necessarily cons of the system, but something I would have liked to have available:- The desktop Commander software can only be used from one computer on your network; if you have more than one computer at home, you will not be able to manage or monitor your cameras from other computer(s), unless you use the web version of the Commander on that other computer(s). If you only want to monitor your camera from another computer, you can just use the free version of the Web Commander for that, but if you also want to be able to manage your cameras, you will have to pay the annual fee as if you were doing it remotely. It would be nice to be able to manage your system from any computer on your network.- It would be nice to be able to schedule email alerts for only certain hours of the day. I only want to receive motion alerts from my cameras when I'm not at home, and I want them to stop when I get home because otherwise the system starts "spamming" you with emails from each camera every few minutes as you and your family keep moving around the house and triggering the motion detectors. It got to the point where I have to manually turn off the alerts when I get home, and remember to turn them on before I leave in the morning, which is easy to forget.- It would also be nice to have the Commander software included with the add-on cameras, or simply make it available for download from Logitech's website. It would save people that want to run the system via POE (without using the powerline adapters) a few dollars by not having to purchase the Master System since they don't need anything that comes with it other than the software.Maybe someone from the Logitech's team will read this review and decide to incorporate some of these requests into the future releases of the Commander software.