This camera is the type that connects to the Vendor's Service Bureau and then you access the camera by connecting to the Vendor.  This is a "consumer product" service design idea with fairly poor performance and not very secure for your home network.Some other cameras that used this user-connection model, allow you turn this remote access feature OFF and use conventional port forwarding and DNS to access the camera.  This camera does not let you turn off the 24/7 connection to Samsung, so Samsung has a nat/mapping connection back into your house 24/7 . . (no thanks).This camera can be used with port forwarding, but its complicated by the fact it cannot be configured with a Static Address on WiFi.  Static is OK on Ethernet, but doesn't carry over to the WiFi for some reason.In most ways this camera is sub-par. I will mention only  1 of many additional issues . .  if you already have some cameras that save video clips to an ftp or smb server, who wants to add a camera that only saves clips to Youtube etc ?Its been around for a long time, but from my testing the Cisco WiFi N camera is still among the best of the all $100 cameras.  It doesn't get good ratings, because the setup CD is useless making it impossible to setup if you aren't an IT type.  Like with most networking products, you don't need the CD to setup the Cisco and the the built in Admin web site works fine.  I have 18 of these Cisco cameras and they even work at 30 below zero outside (under roof overhangs). I have had some of these for up to 3 years and never had a problem. This Camera is on Amazon for $95. Its listed as "Linksys Wireless-N Internet Home Monitoring Camera"  You have to know networking to get access to this camera from outside the house.Back to the Samsung, I thought it was strange the Box says "Access the camera from any PC . . no software needed"  That's not true; you have to install the SmartCam plugin for it to work, even if you force the Port forwarding connection option (which is not mentioned in the User Guide).