I have had my share of experience setting up my zmodo ip camera and when i bought foscams, it was basically the same tango.  I also have a few more foscam  FI8918W whose setup is basically the same for this one. I have set up the camera in my front door so I have a good view of my front lawn and drivewayThe good: - set up was fairly easy once you have experience. but if you don't have any experience yet, be prepared to be challenged.  - I would recommend to watch the installation video twice before attempting to unwrap the package. - the picture is good.  IR is good as well at night. - Pan and tilt works fine and no problem. - Customer support at certain times is here in the US.  I am just amazed when the support is still here in the US! - it does take an IT background before you can set up the wireless settings.  However, by carefully following the installation instructions, you should be able to do it.  Do note that you have an option for foscam support to take over your pc and set it up for you.  will take time though, but they get it done. - As it is an outdoor camera, it should be prepared to get wet.  I have no issues with it when it rains.the bad: - the first i bought had hardware problems wherein the pan and tilt is limited (it would not go past 90 degrees in all direction)  Good thing is that I live in Houston and thus was able to visit their office and had the item replaced with no questions ask.  You do have to report the issue ahead of time. - the first few months was bad as the camera had to be restarted at least 2 times a week.  Imagine being disappointed when you view  your cameras while waiting for an important package.  However, after the latest firmware update, the camera is performing well.- The IR works, but since the IR LED are inside the housing and thus reflects back to the lens, but not that much.  its just like being foggy, but the perimeter is still visible.some tips:- before setting it up in places where you would need to use ladders (or basically before investing any efforts in installing it), or before you configure the camera, I would recommend to flash it first with the latest firmware.  There have been known issues with the earlier shipments of cameras that had issues with the firmware.- the tilt would not go beyond 90 degrees vertically (it can not look up)  so you may need to install it high enough to see around your area. - occasional cleaning of the lens casing may be required to maintain a clear view.  I do it every other month with eyeglasses wipes.  just be careful and do not put excessive pressure on the casing.