Due to the low price and generally good reviews, I bought this item.  The suction grip is very strong; there seems to be no risk that this will fall off a window even with a small camcorder attached.  Mine did not come with the extension arm, so my camcorder had to be mounted upside down on the windshield.  The image can easily be rotated 180 degrees within Sony Vegas Movie Studio Platinum 9 editing software, so being upside down is not a problem for me.  Furthermore, having an extension arm might likely result in less stability, so it's probably best to use the shortest/sturdiest mount possible.  (I haven't tested that claim so it might not be true.)  My camcorder, with optical image stabilization, zoomed all the way out for the widest view (also the least sensitive to vibration), and driving on a reasonably smooth paved road even as slow as 20mph exhibited very noticeable vibration.  The vibration is too great to use the video.  Much smoother video is obtained by hand holding a camcorder in a moving vehicle; your body and arms act as shock absorbers and dampen vibration preventing it from reaching the camera.  With this mount, small vibrations from the moving vehicle are transmitted directly to the camcorder and it seems to be amplified by the time it gets there.  Furthermore, my high-definition camcorder, with a CMOS image sensor (which uses a "rolling shutter"), exhibits noticeable skewing artifacts from frame to frame as a result of the vibration, so there are not just blurred frames and jittery motion, but distorted frames as well.  Consequently, even using a motion stabilization algorithm during post production won't produce acceptable results.This mount should be excellent for situations where there is no vibration and no need to pan or otherwise modify the camera settings or view during exposure, but seems useless from a moving vehicle unless it's moving very slowly on smooth pavement.  ---------- IMPORTANT UPDATE -----------I just noticed a few recent reviews that mentioned they received a knock-off, rather than a genuine Panavise 809.  After studying the Panavise picture on this page very closely, I see that my unit is not a genuine Panavise 809, either.  (There is no manufacturer or product ID on my unit or on the packaging, so I have no idea who manufactured it or what its true model name is.)  I purchased my unit from Vangoddy through amazon.com.  Perhaps that explains why so many other reviews are so good (especially the video review left by Thomas which shows, though at slow speed, how good his unit works) and my results are so bad -- and I mean BAAAD, truly unusable.  There is no comparison between the results I obtained and those that Thomas showed in his video.