Based on the reviews, this seems like one of the better brands to get that isn't absurdly expensive.PROS:1)  It lets you watch your recordings at different speeds.  In addition, allows you to choose which recordings you want to review at a specific time and date.2)  Decent image quality when there is sufficient lighting.3)  The cameras that come with this unit are upgraded for better night vision4)  The night vision is better than expected.  If there's a street light in the shot or on the edge of the shot, the image gets a little washed out.5)  Great phone app.  VERY nice feature!  It helped with setting up the cameras which is a plus.  And I found it handy to just quickly check on the cameras before going to bed to make sure that they're still fine.CONS:1)  You cannot zoom in with the cameras.  It is just a basic camera.  You can (in a way) zoom in when viewing on the screen, but it is simply cropping the image and enlarging the existing image.  So it makes it difficult to make out any details if the person/object is > 10-15ft away.2)  Now that the region of interest has to be closer to the camera, you have to be careful that nothing is actually too close to it at night.  I tried hanging these cameras between the railings of my balcony with the front sticking out ~1.5 inches.  When I went to check on the recordings after it got dark, I noticed that nothing was in focus.  There has to be at the very least 2-3 inches of clearance on the sides and several inches in front or else the camera will have trouble focusing.  And this issue of focusing also includes window screens.  I tried propping one camera against a window and it was focusing fine during the day.  Once it got dark outside, the camera tried to focus on the screen and all I saw were whitish gray blobs.3)  These need to be screwed down.  The base of the cameras aren't heavy enough to balance out the cameras.4)  This might just be me, but I had issues watching the recordings.  I found it difficult to figure out the UI.  But once you figure out how to choose the date and time, it's easy to fast forward/rewind at different speeds.Overall, it's a decent product.  It's good when there is sufficient light or nothing nearby to interfere with it's ability to focus.  Just wasn't the right product for what I needed to use it for.