Gave this as a gift to our niece's household, for her daughter's first birthday. They loved it, but also didn't have any experience with a different model to compare. I still thought it was pretty good once set up, and took a look myself so I could write a more informed review. Here are the highlights:Pros: * Night vision works very well--you can actually see the room in the dark. * Range is good, and covers my niece's fairly large home. * Two-way speaker actually works, though there's a tiny bit of lag. * If your child likes the lullabies, you can turn them on from your end. * Monitor is portable. * Option to plug everything in instead of eating batteries. * Night light. (I know, other reviewers slammed this. But it's enough of a light to find the unit in the dark if you need to. I don't think it was ever intended to light up the room. It's not that much different from the light you get from a digital clock.) * Motion detector works to activate features, and you can set the sensitivity on it.Cons: * No ability to adjust where the camera's pointed from a distance. When the dog ran through and bumped the dresser where the camera was, niece couldn't see anything useful until she went in to fix it directly. That also means that a small child could conceivably move it accidentally or intentionally. * Digital zoom is a joke on any device, as all it does is show larger pixels of the same image on the screen. (Don't confuse digital and optical zoom; just like on a camera, "optical zoom" uses lenses to give you a "real" zoomed-in shot, and digital just changes what's on the display. I thought the resolution on this was fine for ordinary use--knowing what's going on in a room--but it's not good enough to give you anything extra by zooming in. Odds of you having the camera perfectly aligned on whatever you want to see are nil more closely anyway. * Shows a fairly small area of the room; no wide-angle setting.Note: What the monitor does do just fine, like any other system, is let you know when you really need to go to the monitored area physically. You can do a little bit from a distance, especially since there's voice communication and lullabies available. But mostly, this just lets you know when the bump you heard in the night is nothing worth worrying about so you can go back to sleep--or that you need to go be Mom now.