We have used two Summer Infant monitors and this Motorola. We feel strongly that Summer Infant is far better. This one looks more high tech and it does have the option of a camera that moves and intercom feature. However, what it lacks in other features and overall quality makes those features seem like small potatoes. First of all, the video feed is choppy at best. If you wave your hand in front of the monitor you will see it freeze about every two seconds. That's how the video feed is ALWAYS. I don't like that. With the Summer Infant I could literally watch my daughter's chest rise and fall because it was a smooth, real time, continuous video. This is not true of Motorola. Beyond this, the monitor buttons are awful and not designed for use in the dark. On the Summer Infant one, when the screen goes black there is a large button on top of the monitor that you just push and the picture returns. Think snooze button on the alarm clock big -- easy to find and hit in the dark. The Motoroloa button is a tiny button second from the bottom on the right. Yeah -- not helpful at all. Beyond this, the darn thing beeps when the battery is getting low. Obviously Motorola engineers did not consider the fact that for several months or longer many babies sleep in their parents' room and when baby is fussing or making noise it's nice to look at the monitor instead of getting up and going over to stand by the crib, possibly waking the baby with a creaky floor board or rustling around. The beeping wakes the baby! It also beeps randomly for some other reason which I will have to refer to the manual to figure out. It has a green light that flashes next to the on light when this beeping is going on. The screen is super bright too which is bad for having a baby in the room since the light illuminats the room and also shocks your eyes when you first turn it on. Last but not least, it interferes with both our Wifi and our other baby monitor that sits next to it. It's just not a smart design overall. I shoud have heeded other reviews about the lack of thought the engineers put into the design.I wish we had opened this monitor and used it for a few nights before our second daughter arrived. We would have returned it within the allowable time and bought another Summer Infant one. We were drawn in by the moving camera and two way talk features but I'd gladly give those up for a monitor that is intuitive and just works better.