Here's the pro's. During the day the camera does descent, but not great video.(Blue Iris had very grainy video for software everyone says is so great). The Quality of the video seems to change when you restart the camera. It says 355 degree Horizontal but its actually 360, I marked a point on my window and it will fully rotate to the point in either direction on patrol. Its.well built with exception of dome, its plastic and panning fully up part of picture is obscured by a ring that is 1/4 wide all around the dome and distorts the view, so mount this camera high. Glass would of been better for durability and clearer picture. The Wifi signal so far is good to about 90 feet, that's as far as I needed to go and didn't have another extension cord to test farther. Motion detection works very well.Cons: Night vision- forget it, without expanded IR lights or very bright yard light this thing is nearly blind, the LUX is not low enough. The built in IR lights are good for about 10 feet then fade out fast. The example screen shown for this camera at night are just false. The IR lights would be fine for a porch or small small area. Built in, rotating with camera IR's would of been far far better. Unless your a pro at networking, set up is a bear. You need to first get it working on Lan with IPcamera tool first then after working with your router can jump to wireless, from there to actually seeing it on internet after using a site like no-ip.com to get a dynamic ip address. I know some networking but I am a novice at best, took 2 days to get this to finally work. Using I-Spy free version is the best software to me as it will track and identify any movement or can get a plugin for facial recognition. No other free or trial software including Blue Iris will do this that I found. Without the auto camera tracking might as well buy a stationary bullet camera. con or no there is a minimum of 3 seconds to as high as 15 depending on your bandwidth of lag time for all movements , but seems inherent to security cameras. While I think as many Hootoo is a respectable company, this camera needs minor improvements to be worth its price or at least exceed Foscam and other PTZ IP cameras. Since I see i didn't mention my setup is outdoors. I tried it near porch, and ended up mounting high up on my power pole which has a yard light attached, then added 96 led expansion lights X 4 to cover areas that the yard light couldn't which helps 10X over. If you buy this try the free version of I-Spy software and play with the settings, can make this an interesting PTZ.