We bought this monitor in Nov 2012 at BRU on sale, it came with two cameras. We had a summer monitor for DD#1 but needed something for DD#2. This fits our needs perfectly. You can adjust which camera you are looking at by simply pressing the "ok" button to switch between cam1, cam2 or scan. If not plugged in, the screen on the parental unit turns off but the audio remains on either 1 of the cameras or scanning, however you left it. If the parental unit is plugged in the screen can be left on. You can turn the vol off completely and the lights at the top of the monitor indicate noise.A friend came to visit and brought her same monitor with 2 cameras for her kids, we were both able to watch our own kids without changing any settings on either monitor and without any interference.The only signal issue we have had was if the microwave is running, the monitor beeps to indicate loss of signal then returns to normal function when the microwave turns off.Cons: the battery life is not great and it would be nice if they sold an extra power cord. Don't buy the knock off cord from Amazon! i plugged this cord in and without attaching it to the unit there was a "pop" and puff of smoke at the outlet.  I called the company and was refuneded, they offered to replace it but I couldn't rish burning down my house.Customer service is fantastic!  Not related to the faulty knock off power cord... the parental unit was plugged into the wall with the motorola power cord, we went to turn it off and there was a static discharge that killed the unit. It was past warrantee so I contacted by credit card company for extended warantee. I had to call motorola for an estimate to replace the unit for the claim and motorola generously replaced the parental unit! They also had us replace one of the cameras. I'm not sure if the replacement handheld and camera were referbished or new... the "new" parental unit does not power down normally, I have to push and hold the power button while the unit cycles through powerdown several times before turning off. Also, after only 2 months of using the new camera the night vision was very poor. I called customer service again and they are replacing the camera for me. I wish the handheld would power down normally, but at least it works. Considering we are past the 1 year warantee and I'm sure the credit card company claim would have been a pain, I'm verry pleased with the customer service at Motorola!