Courtesy the Amazon Vine program, I received this Lorex Vantage 4-channel DVR with 4 cameras pack for review. Think of this as a digital video recorder shipped with a 500GB harddrive (user upgradable), plus four wired, reasonably good quality integrated color (day vision) & IR (night vision) wall-mountable camera that you can hook up to the DVR for recording.We installed this in a friend's house. The setup was uneventful, other than the fact that we must find a good location for the DVR to work around the length of the cables, which are about 60 feet in length. Do not underestimate how much cable you need---to neatly route the cables around the walls, you need extra. (Otherwise you end up with wires in the air... not exactly a good idea.) After we settled on the location of the DVR, the mounting was extremely quick, and so is the software installation. It took less than two hours for the two of us to get everything running, and then the slightly disappointing realization comes when we turned on the system.This is an entry-level system. While we certainly did not expect cinema quality footage, the color video is quite washed out and blurry by any modern standard. In our opinion, it literally is worse than the cameras on our iPhone during broad daylight. We double checked to see if we left some oil/dirt on the camera. No. I think this is a case of you get what you paid for.Once the night comes the cameras automatically switched to IR mode. The specification states a 50 feet range in pitch black. I really have no idea how they got that number unless they mean objects that are specifically designed to reflect IR. We live in a city, and so we never reach really pitch black. Still, other than the head & tail lights and the surprisingly bright car plates, you would not be able to tell that there were cars driving down the road once the sun has completely set.The software in the DVR system is, in our opinion, easy to use even though admittedly very ugly. As for the major selling point of the system, namely the ability to monitor and review footage on a mobile device, we found it to be functional but the vanity wears off very quickly on us.Overall, I have to agree that this is a working system for entry-level surveillance needs. The only thing I wish is wireless connection. I see that Lorex does make a wireless model, but it is over twice the price of this one... (and it is not clear the night vision would improve on that model.) At its intended price point, this system deserves a solid five star rating.