I waited a few weeks to write this review so I would have time to experience the product, likes and dislikes. I will start by saying I wouldn't trade this in for any other. Probably unfair of me since this is my first baby monitor purchase. However, if I had a dollar for every hour I spent researching every monitor on the market during my pregnancy, I would have been able to hire a full time night nurse instead. Ok, slightly exaggerated.I know many complain about it's lightweight monitor, but I don't mind it since it's light enough to carry in my pocket. I have even dropped it a few times and it survived. The night vision is much better than I had expected, and that's good since I don't typically use it during the day. I can't comment on the picture taking quality since I have never used it nor plan to.  I purchased it mainly because of the auto-scan capability, with twins that is extremely helpful. The split screen shows both babies at the same time, and the frame switches from one camera to the next every 6 seconds or so for sound monitoring. This alone sold me on the product. The fact that you can speak into the monitor and be heard through the camera actually comes in handy if I need to communicate with hubby while he's putting the babies down for bed. I tried using the vox once, and it didn't work. I just keep the monitor lit all night instead. I ended up hearing them crying through the walls, but the camera never came back up. So be it. Not a deal breaker for me.The biggest frustration comes from the life of the battery. The first few days, it would last 5 hours out of the charger. That would be plenty of time for the evening until I would go to bed myself, and place it in the charger on my night stand. BUT, as the weeks have gone by, battery life has decreased now down to 3.5 hours. This means that when I put the babies to bed between 7-8pm, I must grab the charger as well as the monitor and bring it downstairs with me. Not that big a deal, I suppose. Cameras therefore are plugged in at all times in the nurseries.Final word about range. We have 3 wireless routers in the house, and a 2 story 3000+ square foot home with plaster walls. Reception throughout the house never flickers. However, as the monitor scans from one camera to the other, it seems there is a subtle cricket-like sound on one of the cameras only. So it scans from complete quiet on one camera to a little hum on the other. Not very loud, but certainly noticeable. Again, no reason to give up on it.Summary: I love it, and would buy it again!