UPDATE TO THE BELOW REVIEW:As it turns out, I had a malfunctioning unit, that's why the coverage was only 20-25 ft. Also, as it turns out, this company has a very good Customer Service, they just prefer email (hence no one answered my call). Mae emailed me back right away, then she called me when I asked for it and she shipped me a new unit immediately. The very next day I received it (it was expedited) and it was working well. I did not even have to change the cables, since they were the same 0 just swiped the old unit to the new one and voila, it now works well. The coverage is good, it works outside our home.So my suggestion is, if you have COVERAGE problems, contact CS via email (I think they cover this w/in a year - mine was only 3 wks old) and let them send you a functioning one.Besides coverage problem, I love the unit. Simple and clear image.MY OLD REVIEW FOLLOWS:If you live in a studio in Manhattan, this product might be for you. However, if your baby sleeps upstairs or if there are more than one rooms in between nursery and where you are, this product is useless. Here is a description from Infant Optics' official website (note the 150 ft indoor coverage - absolutely NOT true, it is max 20 or 25 ft!):"2.4 TFT screen with super sensitive built in microphone2.4 GHz static free digital wireless transmission covering distances of up to 800 feet in open areas - or 150ft in enclosed areasUses FHSS (Automatic Frequency Hoping System) - jumps between different channels in the 2.4 GHz."Also, here is a message from Infant Optics' CEO (copied from online):"We are passionate about customer service which is why we have a seven-days-a-week customer service hotline with live representatives answering your call within seconds. "I tried to call their CS toll free number 2-3 times. After ringing 8-10 times, it goes to voicemail. The above statement from the CEO is only lip service, it is not true.I am ready to return the product and will buy a BRAND name product, like Sony, Motorola, etc. Something I can trust!