User justchill has some excellent advice in his review - please read it. That said I had my own set of gotchas.  I am an experienced electronics and IT guy and this thing gave me a couple of moments.  First off the vertical axis was assembled incorrectly on the "wrong" side of the motion stops.  It would only travel one way.  Knowing the only option was to return and swap I went ahead and rotated it by hand past the stops which is usually a big no-no as the stops can be damaged.  I got lucky and the unit worked fine after that.Getting the unit online was a hassle.  For whatever reason the PC search program would not find the unit on my network in spite of ensuring it was on the same router - never did and STILL doesn't after getting it setup properly.  Turns out my MacBook found it easily using the Macintosh find app on the CD - except the provided CD is not in a format the Mac will read!  I had to copy it to a thumbdrive on my PC and run it that way.  Luckily it worked and I discovered that the unit has a default IP of 192.168.0.1 which you should be able to type into the browser as [...]and it will bring up the unit's web server.  This IP *should* be on the bottom of the unit but it was not, nor was it mentioned in the docs - although it is alluded to in the screen captures that show it as 192.168.0.178.After the hassle of just getting it to work and then finding it on the network it was a piece of cake to set up.  It works well, good quality video.  It works well with port forwarding to view across the internet.  There is an app on Android that works very well to control all features from your smart phone or tablet.The alarms could use some work.  When set up to send emails it attaches 5 pictures.  I would love for this to be adjustable but I understand it is to minimize bandwidth and processing.  It would also be nice if it would save video clips to a local drive but in fact I see no way to save video at all which is a disappointment.  I'm guessing there is some PC or Mac software out there that can do this but there are no links or hints in the manual or CD.Overall I'm pleased but only because it's so dang cheap.