It took a bit of tinkering to get it online. The procedure is pretty much sop for adding wifi objects to your net.1. Configure the cam to work on your net using the RJ45 cable plugged into the router or a switch plugged into your router. Using the enclosed cd load the Bsearch or Hsearch (depends on cam model). Mine was a B. Using the program do a search for the cam. when the cam is found.Click on it. Follow directions on setting the cam net configs. The paper included directions work good (if you can read them). The manual is on the cd (pdf)and much easier to read.2.Using the assigned IP enter that into your web browser (I use Fox)The login should popup. The login stuff is located on the bottom of the cam. If the login doesn't pop up then redo the cam IP config. Its easy to make a typo...3. A visual screen should show the cam pictures. Now to the wifi set up menu. Enter the wifi specs for your net. Make sure you select the proper security encription mode for your net(info is on router). When the cam is searching for net the led blinks slowly. When it connects to net the led blinks rapidly. This is the normal online blink.4. Now disconnect the RJ45 cable and the cam should be working on wifi and show up on your network scan. My Kindle Fire has a neat freebie app net scanner..The infrared works great. Colors are a bit washed but detail is good. Might have to do some adjustment for bright daylight (use online config menu). I used the enclose CD control program for cam and it works fine. Has some nice features... The app will store video snap files. If your disk is tight on space you should check this. The cd manual goes into detail on how it works...Can't find fault with any thing. It is a bit rough here and there (manual cam focus and sound,(I don't use it)). Hey, what do you expect for 50 bucks?update 2013 Apr:I have had the original over the house outside door (sheltered from the rain) about a year or so and it still works great in the summer heat (PHX). The newer cameras come with updated firmware. The programs on the included disk are updated also. The monitor program on the disk is updated and has some nice features.My Kindle fire will display the video (built in camera program) just type in the internet address then the login pops up. The default is admin and 123456. I recommend changing that for the outside cams in case they are stolen. I have four of the cams now and all are working fine.