Security systems are one of those things that you really need to consider your objectives before investing in them.  Do you want a babysitter or dog cam? Do you want to be able to see who's at the door? Or if someone is sneaking up to a window?  Do you need multiple viewpoints, motion sensitive recording?In my case, I simply wanted a system I could mount by the front door, so I could see who it was there and whether I wanted to respond.  For me this works perfectly for that.  I can sit in my office and see (and talk with, if I choose) the person at the front door without having to open it.For me, here are the ups and considerations of this system:- Easy plug and play: It's as simple to use as they say.- Does what its supposed to with good quality: the motion sensor and record works as stated, reception is always clear- Reasonable cost for a security system, even if I want to add a camera for the back door (both as a monitor and to see when the dog wants in:-)) It's only another $150 or so, and I can monitor it off the same screen.Really considering before buying:- How you want to use the system: Do you need the ability to interact with the person which this one has?- Do you want it to record? This one does, and I find it a useful feature for when I'm out.- Where you want to place the camera, and if there's a nearby electrical socket near it.  The camera does require one, and is probably one of it's biggest downsides.  I wish it had a battery option.- Do you want to send a clear "security" message, which this one does - or is the use you have in mind more for a hidden cam - which I have a tough time imagining this one being.All in all: An affordable security system that does what it promises.  Like all security systems - consider what your true objectives are and what you are willing to pay to accomplish them.  I think this is a great starter security system, if you have the electrical sockets to accomodate the camera(s) and/or a convenience to be relied upon for monitor and record traffic coming in or through your home or store entrance.