Ok, some people that purchase this system (qc-804 with 4 720 high def cameras), may have problems getting it setup with remote viewing.  I know I did!! BE PATIENT!!  Learn the proper way of setting it up!! talk to customer service!!!  I was on the line with them for over an hour one time.  After a week, I finally got it tweaked the way I wanted it.  The nice thing is the backup system.  You can use whats called Config backup, for backing up your settings alone, this assists when the unit itself needs to be replaced with another.  Case in point, I had to return my NVR (qc-804) just last month, since the cooling fan was making noises (it didn't fail, but wanted to be proactive before it did).  The process was very smooth!! They sent an advanced replacement nvr, I in turn backed up my settings I had on the older unit to a usb drive, then replaced the unit with the new one, and imported the settings back to the new unit.  SMOOOTH AS A BABIES BUTTT!! LOL LOL.  All my settings were restored so I didn't have to spend another hour on the phone with tech support!!!  That's what makes Q-see the best out their, if something fails (and believe me, with this type of equipment, sometimes it does!!!), they are quick to get you a replacement unit, and friendly customer service with the RMA process!!  As for the performace, well, its astounding!! the recording is excellent when viewed from a smart phone, or remotely on any pc, after setting up remote viewing properly.  I feel much more secure now around my home with this monitoring system.  I installed it myself, since their is only one wire to hook up, the Ethernet cord!! So off to the attic I went, and carefully threaded the line to where I wanted it, and drilled through to the outside of the home, making sure it was not in direct rain or precipitation. I live in Iowa, so the winters can get below 0 deg sometimes, but the unit still functions great!! I have had this 4 camera system for over a year now, and had one camera replaced and the nvr replaced, but since the process was easy, I would definitely buy from this magnificent company again!!