We bought two of these to put in our kids' bedrooms to "ring" them for meals and such when they are in their rooms distracted by electronics or friends, and no amount of yelling up the stairs can get their attention.  The units are plastic, loud (even on "low"), and, yes, the tones are annoying and "tinny" sounding, but the kids liked choosing their own tone, and "Happy Birthday" and several Christmas tunes are available to change things up in the future.  My concern when ordering these--since they do not have a "band" switch--was that both units would be operated by ONE doorbell button.  This is not the case.  Each unit--ringer and doorbell--have a UPC-like code sticker on them (instructions indicated to make sure the stickers matched each other)--and, fortunately or by design, our two units had different codes on them, so I can ring my son's room without also activating the chimes in my girls' room and vice versa.  Both the ringer and the doorbell operate on batteries that are accessed by opening the BACK of the units, so I used 3M double-stick mounting tape on the BOTTOM of the ringer and propped/stuck the unit on top of the wooden molding on each kids' closet--I didn't want to have to drill holes to hang the unit, and I didn't want to use mounting tape on the back of the unit which I would need to remove from the wall and risk damaging the wall when the batteries needed replaced.  Overall, even only having the units for a little over a week, we love them, and even if they only last a year, I would probably buy replacements ever year at this price--the peace of not having to yell is worth it, and the kids love it when they get an opportunity to "ring" for their brother or sister. Lastly, our doorbell buttons are hung in our 1st floor kitchen and the ringers/chimes are pretty much directly overhead on the 2nd floor, so I cannot speak much to range.  Both the blue doorbell button light up as well as a little green rectangle light on the ringer when activated (but the little green light will probably not get anyone's attention unless they are looking directly at it when it's rung--however, again, the chimes are loud--realizing that we are only looking to "ring" one room and not an entire house).  I also do not believe you would want to install the doorbell on an exterior surface, unless it is VERY protected from weather.  These units are cheap, but work exactly as we hoped they would.