I bought two of these after another cheaper carbon monoxide detector had alarmed in the middle of the night.  I had read some reviews of the other carbon monoxide detector having false alarms and convinced myself it was probably a false alarm but I opened windows to air out the house.I got these two days ago and they alarmed the first night.  I opened the windows and deduced that it was probably my tankless water heater which was recently installed and failed inspection. It is scheduled to be brought up to code this week.To prove my theory I made sure the central heat was off for a day and we hadn't used the clothes dryer for a few days and I put one of these detectors in the laundry room where the tankless water heater is installed.  We have one of those large jacuzzi style baths in the master bathroom (hence the need to have the tankless) and we took a bath last night.  When we were done the alarm was going off.  I had done some minimal research before doing this test and knew that too high of a level (12,800 ppm) can kill you instantly after just 2 or 3 breaths.  I had read that 400+ can be lethal.  Wikipedia states 800 ppm will cause dizziness, nausea, and convulsions within 45 min and you will be insensible within 2 hours and 1600 ppm can kill you in 2 hours.  So I went downstairs to see what the reading was.I held my breath and went in.  875ppm is what it read.  I called 911 and the firemen came.My wife, 2 year old, and 2 month old were upstairs and in a room with the windows wide open.  They came in and took their readings.  They said they are not allowed to work in an environment where the levels are above 30 ppm without respirators.  The windows had been open for 15 minutes and they were still getting readings over 70.Later, we compared what their professional monitor said to what the my 2nd First Alert Carbon monoxide detector was reading (remember I bought two of these).  Their reading matched exactly what this unit displayed.  So you can trust these devices.Please trust your device.  Thats what you bought it for.  Call 911.  Open windows or get out of there.  The long term affects of Carbon Monoxide exposure can cause heart problems, learning disabilities, and many other terrible things.  I am now worried about what this has been doing to my family over the last 4 months since the water heater was installed.  Like I said I have a 2 month old....I have posted a picture of the unit reading the max value from last night.