This is an excellent camera security system for under $400. The system comes with a 500GB DVR, 8 security cameras, a remote control unit, a mouse, and all cables/connectors required to connect the system. The setup is very easy and the cameras provide excellent day time visibility and good night time visibility (up to 20 feet wit dim light at night). The cameras are not too big and they are not too small. You can simultaneously record up to 8 cameras on the DVR for up to 30 days in continuous recording mode - even longer in motion detection recording mode.There are (4) four ways to access and/or monitor the DVR and camera system: (1) From the console itself. (2) From the remote control unit. (3) From a computer on your home network (LAN) or a computer on the internet WAN (by installing the Swann PC software). (4) From a mobile device (Blackberry, PDA, or other mobile device that supports 3G) by downloading the Swann mobile device software. I tested all (4) methods to access the DVR and I was able to access the camera system locally (as part of a LAN) as well as over the internet using an internet computer and my mobile device (Blackberry) over the 3G network.The Swann instructions are not that good but sufficient enough if you have a basic knowledge of how to use a VCR/DVD recorder/player. The hardest part of the set up was configuring the system for remote access using my Blackberry mobile device. Since Swann does not provide step-by-step instructions on how to setup a mobile device (too many devices on the market),  I provide step-by-step instructions on how to remotely connect a Blackberry 9370 Smartphone to the Swann DVR but Amazon.com will not allow me to publish the website address of my instruction page. Therefore, I can't even tell you the website address.What I can say is that the most important parts of setting up mobile access are: (1) Ensuring that UPnP is enabled on the DVR itself (2) Enabling "Port Forwarding" on your router with the proper IP Addresses and TCP/UDP protocols (3) Identifying the correct port numbers in the router and on your mobile device. Swann Customer Support can assist you if you do not have basic computer networking knowledge (Private IP address vs Public IP Address, Port Forwarding, TCP/UDP protocols, Port addresses, etc...)The bottom line is that this product gets 5 STARS from me because it does EVERYTHING that it says it is suppose to do and it costs under $400. Viewing your video security cameras over the 3G network from anywhere in the world is completely awesome.