I really liked this monitor because of some of the extras it has and because it has the ability to add on extra cameras. I already have one other system but wanted some extra security, and this allows me to feel better about things. The monitor will split-screen or allow you to check an add-on camera out one-by-one, which seems pretty nice of you want to not only utilize this to keep an eye on baby but their environment as well.Speaking of environment, I like a few other things about this monitor that add to that. First, it has a motion sensor setting that allows you to know when baby moves, or allows you to put it elsewhere to use if you don't want baby moving toward doors, or whatever fear you have rational or otherwise. Peace of mind is priceless, and it adds that for me. You can set it to detect slight motions, or to detect movement based on sensitivity settings. There is also a temperature gauge, and the thing is pretty accurate. I don't keep my house hot so I'm not sure about that, but the low 80s in rooms that were not for the baby and the temperatures in the baby's room where accurate to within a few degrees. You can set them to warn you if it gets too hot or cold, and you can increase sensitivity. That's good because we recently moved, and I didn't know how the rest of my home's temperature  was impacting the baby's area but now I can see it.I have tried it out in a two-level condominium and in a single level home, and had no issues with range. Some people reported they did in larger houses, but it has done me well wherever I've set it up thusfar. I tried it out in a pretty spacious country home as well, and it picked up beautifully. You can work with the picture, zooming it in until it looks good, which i had to do at first. It still has a bit of grain to it but nothing terrible - were they to fix something here I'd like better resolution but can still see pretty decently, and the night vision picks up wonderfully as well. The sound picks up and the alarms can be set to piercing, which is good because we sometimes sleep the deep sleep.There's also the nightlight setting, with the camera having little stars on the outside, which is cute and makes it look like less of a surveillance device, and the the songs it plays add a little extra to calm baby. So many odds and ends I thought might not be needed, but were nice.I really liked this, and will add more cameras in the next month or so.