Taking the charger / connectors out of the equation, it's a good baby monitor.  We've been using ours for about 16 months.  It has decent range so there are no dead spots anywhere in our house.  Picture quality is 'ok', nothing spectacular but sharp enough to see what your baby is doing.  The audio does work well...it will pick up even faintest sounds.  We have our camera mounted on the wall about 3 feet above the crib (just be careful routing the cord so it's out of reach of the child) and seems to be the best mounting location to be able to see all areas of the crib.Build quality....that's where this thing is lacking.  They really need to reinforce the power connector on the monitor.  You'll see quite a few reviews here where people complain that it simply stopped charging or they need to jiggle the adapter plug to get it to charge.  When my wife first informed me that ours was exhibiting this issue, I assumed it was the actual power cord that was the problem and it was just a loose connection some how.  After more investigating I discovered that the issue is within the monitor itself.  I ended up taking the monitor apart and saw that the solder holding the power connector to the circuit board had broken, which explains why jiggling the plug gets it to work occasionally.  I ended up resoldering the power connector to the circuit board and it permanently fixed the issue.  So Motorola should really beef up how that power connector is supported so that it doesn't rely so much on the soldered joint.EDIT 01/17/14: We just had the sound go out on the parent unit.  This is also a fairly common complaint.  If anyone has basic soldering skills, it's easy to fix.  Take the battery cover and battery out.  There is one tiny screw inside the battery compartment that needs to be removed.  Carefully pry the case apart...work slowly around the case and it will eventually come apart.  You'll then see the two small red & black wires for the speaker.  One of them probably came loose from the main circuit board.  Just solder it back in place (easy to see where it goes) and reassemble.