The Q-See QT714-4C10-2 4-Channel 1080p SDI Surveillance DVR System with 4 HD has super clear digital transmission.The DVR is a large 15"x17"x2.5" pizza box. On the back you have screw terminals for alarm in and alarm for low voltage triggers, RS485 link for Pan/Zoom and Keyboard controls. There are 4 HD SDI BNC camera connectors, 4 RCA audio input for those camera, one RCA local mic in and one audio out. Output video is via CVBS, HDMI, and VGA. There is a LAN port, USB, and the 12V DC power port.On the front panel of the device you have access to a lot of controls, a record button, digits 0-9, transport controls, menu controls, even a search button. There is a IR remote which has all these buttons and more although you can do most from just the front panel. There is another USB port on front and a door that opens to reveal a drive bay filler panel.Included is a USB mouse for navigating the on screen menus but no keyboard. Access to video playback, search, and other controls is available 3 ways. Locally on TV, Remote via built in web server, and App.Set up instructions are provided on large color foldout 18x24" posters, so no flipping through a tiny print book or downloading a PDF, just simple step by step in full color.If you have an older BNC/power line wired system you can use this system with your existing wiring. But you can not combine cameras. You must use these digital camera only for this DVR.That being said the quality is a major improvement over the old analog style cameras. No line noise and crisp sharp HD images which can easily be used to identify faces, license plates, etc.The DVR works great, recording dutifully day and night with no maintenance or administration needed. You can set the system up and just forget about it until you need to go back and review video.You can hook up the DVR to a TV with HDMI or a monitor with VGA and get excellent quality output, the picture looks great even on very large screens. Or you can use the lower quality CVBS connection for remote monitors.The only negative I have for this system is the limitation to the 4 proprietary cameras. Fortunately they are excellent quality with a superb image so there is no need to upgrade. I am not a big fan of the BNC+power type wiring but that is what most all these systems use so if you are upgrading an old system to get better video quality the old wiring should still be perfect.