This is an excellent product that puts a new spin on baby monitoring and general surveillance around your home/office.Whats included:  * 1 Lorex LIVE snap Video Monitor  * 1 Lorex LIVE snap Camera (with built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery)  * 1 Charging cradle  * 2 Power adapters  * 1 microSD memory card with SD card adapter  * 1 rechargeable lithium-ion battery for video monitor  * Quick Start Guide  * Instruction ManualQuick Start and Test:This is what I loved - no hassle - turn both units on and the Camera is paired automatically (indicated by a green light on camera) to the hand held unit. Video and audio are streaming immediately.  Be careful and avoid getting the camera and hand held too close to each other...feedback will result.Quality and Range:We tested this from multiple locations in our home - 2nd floor to basement, basement to back yard, main floor to garage, and garage to 2nd floor.....all worked PERFECTLY with one drop out which I believe was due to batteries not being fully charged.  Once fully charged I did not notice a connection drop.  The quality is as can be expected with a device like this...its NOT high definition :) - it is however VERY VERY good for what i does and you have a clear image on the hand held with audio via wireless which in itself is an AWESOME feature.  The still images too are not of high quality...but you can capture some stunning moments and add them to your photo albums...its not intended to replace your digital camera. :)The product out of the box is set to use for one camera - however, the hand held unit can support up to 4 different cameras that are paired with it...basically press 1 for camera one, and so on.  You would have to purchase additional cameras.  The ability to setup 4 cameras around your home and have a surveillance system in your pocket is AWESOME...The build quality on the hand held could be a little better in terms of hardware...but I think the WORST part is the software on the hand held is very lack luster and does not respond to the users actions properly...it is slow at best.  This is the only reason that this product gets a 4/5 from me...fix the software/firmware on the hand held and its a 5 star product.This is a GREAT effort and an excellent product with many possibilities..but make sure your expectations are set correctly and you wont be disappointed.  4/5 stars for me.