We bought one monitor and 1 camera for our baby.  We liked it so much that we bought a second camera 6 months later and were able to link it to the other camera/monitor already in place WITH EASE!  We used to have an "audio-only" monitor and I bought this as a present for my wife.  She loves it.  We get to SEE AND TALK to our young children, often laughing at the funny things they do in their sleep.Pros:- You can press a button and speak back to the baby/kid in the room for a walkie-talkie type communication- You can press the arrows on the monitor and move the camera left/right/up/down - AWESOME FEATURE - plus the camera's movement in the room is stealth and basically silent so it won't wake a light sleeper- Monitor can "SCAN" every 10-12 seconds between different cameras, or it can remain on just 1 camera that you choose- You can zoom in to 2x the actual view- When the room is pitch-black at night, the night-vision is still very good and pretty clear- The monitor has very good range and can be placed on different levels of the house or even outside at a fairly good distance away and still work effectively- The video screen can be turned OFF while still leaving the Audio ON, so it's not too bright in our room at night, but we can still hear the kids- The audio is sensitive so you won't miss any cries or calls, plus the monitor "lights up" as the child talks or communicatesCONS:- While SCAN mode is great, if one kid says something while the monitor is SHOWING the OTHER child in "scan" mode, you'll miss what that kid says.  However, it flips back and forth every 10-12 seconds so usually our child just calls out again if we don't hear them the first time.  Hasn't been a big issue.  And you can manually flip back and forth between cameras as quickly as you'd like by pressing one of the buttons.The only thing that would make this monitor better is if it had a split video screen and could view both at the same time.  But, like I mentioned before, you can flip manually back and forth as quickly as you want with the tough of a button.  Not a deal-breaker, just a wish list that isn't truly necessary.Overall, a terrific product.  Well made, durable, and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  Definitely a great buy.