Product ID: OK719HDThe Ouku brand survellence systems are cheap knock offs.  The DVR for this system was unstable from the get go.Instead of taking all the time of stringing up cabling and mounting camera's, i tested the system first from a desk top and getting to know the options for the system.After about a dozen or so power on/off cycles (occurring over a couple of weeks for a few minutes each day) the DVR stopped sending all images to the monitor.  Subsequently, i determined that it was the circuit board and not the cabling or hard drive or cams.The tiny circuit board inside the DVR had inspection stickers all over it.  But obviously there was no real quality control and qualtiy assurance performed on the unit.The seller said they would send me a replacement board which they call "host".  Simple enough to replace since it was held down by four screws to the inside base of the dvr housing.  But they never shipped me anything and they also stopped communicating with me via email.The credit card people said to send it back to the seller in china and once they signed for it, i would get an unconditional refund posted on my account.  However, the cost to ship it back to china exceeded the price of the unit, and this particular expenditure was not going to be reimbursed to me by the cc company.So i decided this was going to be a financial loss to me.Shopping around for a stand-alone dvr, i found good prices for Zmodo products as well.  But the seller i bought the Ouku system from also sold Zmodo's.  I thought that if I spent 20 dollars more for the Ouku instead of the Zmodo, i would be better off.  But who knows??I will find something made and guaranteed by an American Company.  I will never buy products directly from China again or be fooled by fancy grantees regarding refunds, when the refunds do not include "return shipping".In the end, the 4 Cams @ 600TVL's and and the 4 sets of cabling seem to be in good working order.  Hooking one of them up to my monitor and then over to my large flat panel, presented live images both day and night.  To my surprise the Cams seem to be extraordinarily of higher quality and beautiful - almost picturesque.So while the bad dvr and wasted time over it turned out to be a bad deal, it was not a total loss because the hi-def's cams and cabling offset'd the cost of my purchase mishap.