The HooToo IP206 camera works very well when connected via an Ethernet cable. The instructions for setting up the camera are about as clear as mud. HooToo markets the camera as wireless; however, they must have forgotten this when putting together the instructions. Discovering the IP address of the camera can be best accomplished by making sure the camera is set on DHCP; then after discovery and setup you can easily set a static IP address. Setting up the camera for wireless use can be an exercise in futility. After I finally threw up my arms in exasperation I contacted tech support, which by the way responded timely and was very helpful. We tried several "fixes" to no avail. This is when we finally set the camera to DHCP from the static IP address I had assigned. This avenue also introduced a new MAC address that is not mentioned in the instructions or marked on the unit like the Ethernet MAC address. I strongly suggest you write this wireless MAC address somewhere on the camera. The software that comes with the unit for discovering the camera does an o.k. job of finding the network; after a couple of refreshes. I should also mention that if you're operating system is 64bit then you need to go to the manufacturer's site and download the appropriate software. The software could not automatically set the camera up on the network.  The clarity is very good for a camera in this price range.I use this camera to check on our children while I am on the road. The HooToo IP206 is very easy to setup on a smart phone. The camera integrated very well with the app I have installed for another IP camera. I purchased the app for two way audio, this was somewhat a waste of money, poor sound quality and the audio kills the camera's ability to pan or tilt.  Night vision works very well on this camera. I am able to view a distance of 30' and still receive a decent quality image. The only annoyance is the incessant blinking white light that indicates the camera is receiving a signal. Fortunately there is a control to turn this feature off. For more product reviews please visit our blogs at cherrydealz.comI hope this helps in your purchasing decision.