I bought this camera, actually a bunch of them, because I thought they'd make a good security/surveillance/intercom system for my house.  They don't.  If you are looking for one or two cameras to use as a remote web cam they will work okay.  But the video quality over the internet is quite poor.I connected just 4 cameras to a wireless router, so data congestion on the router should not have been a factor.  The video clarity is okay, certainly not half as good as standard definition television, but not too bad.  But the frame rate varies wildly from 15 frames per second (fps) to zero, frequently locking up for half a minute at a time.The built in web page that is used to interact with the camera is pretty good, but you will spend several hours tweaking the settings to get it to work the way you want it to.  If you want to access it from outside your home you will need to know how to set up port forwarding on your router.  And you'll likely need to contact your ISP and get them to bridge your modem (lets just say they're not plug and play).  You do have the option of accessing the camera through a Chinese website.  So please password protect your camera in the settings!  Because as it comes in the box a Chinese website will have access to your video stream.  I personally don't trust their discretion.Now the audio.  The microphone on the camera is okay when listening to faint sounds.  But they quickly overmodulate when someone talks nearby, and voice quality becomes unintelligible.  Also, the intercom feature is useless.  Many sellers incorrectly imply that the camera has a speaker.  In fact one side of the yoke is designed to look like a speaker.  But it isn't.  There is instead only an audio out jack that you must plug a speaker into.  If you do you'll find that the volume is not controllable, and is always low.  So to work as an intercom as advertised you'd need to plug a powered/amplified speaker into the camera.  If you do this you'll find that it is still useless, as the audio is so intermittent that it sounds like your talking to China on a cheap cell phone with zero bars of signal.Basically, don't expect much from this cheap camera.  I gave it 2 stars because it is cheap, otherwise it would get zero.