Initial thoughts:I was able to power up the unit, plug in the Ethernet, and login to see video within minutes! First, the IP address of the unit was unknown because I plugged it directly into my laptop not into a network with DHCP. Standalone, my units IP is 192.168.1.111 and uses port 81. I do not plan to hardware so my next task was to setup the wireless. My wireless configuration screen is missing some of the details in the manual but it seem to connect just fine (like the static IP section is gone). Unfortunately, the unit does not show my its IP on the wireless side so I had to determine that from my router.*Warning: Some technical jargon ahead for the geeks. (I'm a net admin so troubleshooting is 1st nature)Here is where the frustration came in. Although I could ping out to my local network and the Internet from the camera fine, I could not reach the camera's IP (over wireless) from any workstation on the LAN. With wireshark I saw that my machines could not resolve the camera's MAC address. For some reason my camera would not respond to ARP requests. If I setup a static ARP entry on any box I could get to the camera just fine. This is definitely a problem for tablets and phones on the network. I saw nothing in the manual or the config of the camera that had restrictions enabled. Eventually I saw the reset button on the bottom of the unit. I held it in for about 30 seconds (probably didn't need that long) and it rebooted. It defaulted the config (good) and I setup the wireless within 10 seconds. Now I can reach the camera via wireless! I have no explanation as to why it was failing from the beginning but I can only hope that it will continue to work.Otherwise, the camera appears to be rather full featured. I'm excited about its functionality and the picture is really good. I plan on using and managing it exclusively without windows which I think is workable for most features. Definitely a cool product for $5x. Just beware that if you need support this product may not be for you.