30 August 2013 update:  I tried to use this camera to monitor a remote location which has an electric gate opener.  Even with Wi-Fi turned off, this camera emits enough noise that it disables the gate opener receiver.  I've read that other cameras (Foscam especially) that do the same thing with garage door openers.  I can't believe the FCC allows these Chinese camera makers to produce equipment that emits such noise.  If you plan to install this camera near any garage or gate opener, think twice since it probably will result in disappointment.If you own their C5900 indoor cameras (which are pretty good), you will probably like this model.  This is their 1st outdoor rated model which has H.264 and SD card recording.  It may have been mentioned before, but this model uses a standard sized SD card (the size is not clear in the product's description# (I am using a class 10 32GB card) which is somewhat of a challenge to insert inside the camera once you have the back removed.  It took me several attempts to get it inserted correctly and then it works fine.  Also, this camera, unlike the 5900 models, does NOT have any provisions to allow audio.  There are no audio connections available nor speaker connections despite this company's claim that it does have this ability on eBay.  The box it came in had white tape over the audio in and out mentions.  Also, be aware the camera comes set with a 192.168.1.xxx #in my case 126) address so you will have to first set your computers LAN port to 192.168.1.xxx and then connect this camera to your computer's lan port.  Then run the software and change it to whatever your want.  Unless your router has the 192.168.1.xxx address, you will likely not find this camera.Esky has a LONG way to go before it is a player in the IP camera business, but for the price if you are willing to spend the time to get it going, this is a nice camera.  Esky seems to be a reseller of Chinese cameras and is staffed by Chinese folks who have a difficult time explaining anything in Chinglish, if they even reply at all (which most times they won't becauce they don't have a clue to any solutions).  Go to their forum site and see what I mean:  http://www.eskynow.com/forum/.  If you have 2 and 1/2 times the money I would suggest checking out the Microseven M7-RC650WS which is a Mercedes compared to this Yugo.Am I happy?  I guess so.  It's only 30 bucks more than their C5900 model but it works outdoors.  If I had more money to spend, I would definitely go with the $249 Microseven M7-RC650WS which is 50 bucks cheaper on their website than here.