Below is my original review and I feel the same about the monitor, just not the Motorola company. Their mediocre at best, level of customer service is horrid! This monitor is great, I've had it for 18 months with very little defect, but, my 3 and 4 year old decided it was a fun toy and now it has somehow disappeared. Knowing I would need to pay some to replace the parent unit, but hoping not to buy a whole new set, I contacted Motorola and their answer was a big fat, NO, you have to buy a new one! Seriously? I have spent over $350 including the monitor and additional cameras and I just have to buy a new one? That is horrible, Motorola, if you are going to venture into the world of products for babies you might want to try your hand at being flexible and accommodating. I will never give Motorola another dime of my money or recommend their products to anyone.My original review: I recently bought and returned a Summer Infant Monitor, I was not impressed with the quality of the night vision and it was just an unreliable option.I then went looking for another option and had almost decided on the newest Summer Infant. Then my husband got involved in the research and insisted we go with a Motorola, since they know cameras. I was worried because I wanted a unit that was easy for moms and best for babies.Well, I just got it in, set up the camera by myself in less than five minutes and all my worries have been put to rest! This unit is amazing! The pan and zoom are great and do not make a sound. We keep my son's room completely dark with blackout curtains so the night vision is really important to me. It by far surpasses the night vision of the Summer infant. I can read the writing on his stuffed Buzz Lightyear doll laying next to him in bed!I haven't seen the option to take pictures as the description says, but this is not an important feature for me so it doesn't change my review. I love the parent unit, easy to use, great "kick stand" in the back which can be folded down to easily carry around. The unit does have an antenna but I don't have it up and am getting great video quality, no choppiness or fuzziness!Overall Motorola outdid themselves with this unit! They took everything a mom and dad would want and combined it with their spectacular video capabilities!