This system does EVERYTHING AS ADVERTISED. It comes with 8 cameras, a 500GB DVR, remote control unit, mouse, and all electrical connectors/wires/plugs required to connect everything. The cameras are perfect size (not too big and not too small) and they provide excellent picture quality during the day and good picture quality to within 15-20 feet with dim lighting at night.There are (4) four ways to manage, view, and/or monitor the DVR: (1) At the console itself. (2) Using the remote control unit (3) Using a computer on your LAN/WAN (with the Swann PC Software installed) (4) Using a Mobile Device such as a Blackberry Smartphone, PDA, etc... I tested all four methods and all worked quite well. The hardest part of the setting this secuirty system up was configuring the router to ensure connectivity using a mobile device over the 3G network or a PC on a WAN. The Swann instructions are not that good - in part because there are so many mobile devices on the market. However, I was able to figure everything out on my own without a call to Swann Customer Support.I documented exactly how to connect a Blackberry 9370 Smartphone to the DVR over the 3G Network but Amazon.com would not allow me to publish the website address of this instruction page as part of my review. Therefore, I can't even tell you the website address to go to.  However, the most important part is ensuring that UPnP is enabled on the DVR itself and that "Port Forwarding" is properly configured on your router to process TCP/UDP packets. Swann Customer Support can assist you if you do not have basic networking knowledge (Private IP Address vs Public IP Address, Port IDs, port forwarding, packet types, etc...).The bottom line is that this system does EVERYTHING that it says it does. The Swann instructions are not that good but you should be able to connect everything if you have basic knoweledge of how to connect and operate a standard DVD recorder. I still give this product 5 stars -- especially for a security camera system for under $400. It is excellent.