Under description, it says able to email snapshots.  You can't.  I thought you might be able to track movement.  You can't.  There is no CD or directions whatsoever.  I went to the company website and did a search for this model "Venus-7H" and found nothing.  Over a week ago, I sent customer service an email regarding questions.  The website says they will respond to all emails within 72 hours. Still waiting...The camera itself seems a bit of a mixed bag.  The housing itself seems quite hardy.  The video is good quality.  As mentioned by another review, my plastic lens surrounding the camera was scratched but I should be able to avoid these scratched spots as the camera will be in a fixed position and the plastic can be rotated.  Will the plastic dome discolor like plastic has a tendency to do over time?  Who knows?As for being "waterproof":  There appears to be O-rings and seals on the bottom to prevent water from coming in.  On the top where the unit is mounted to a wall or ceiling, it appears vulnerable to water leakage.  The cable is unable to fit through the opening on the side allowing you to mount flush.  This also will cause pinching of the cable coming out of the top when mounted.  With the mount not being flush that also increases the likelihood of leaking from the top as flush mounting is necessary to prevent water from potentially leaking from the top.I will try to keep an eye on it.  If it starts filling up with water or starts forming condensation, I might drill a whole directly through the bottom of the plastic bubble to allow water to escape.  Of course this would mean the camera trying to avoid the hole by looking in another direction.While I have not made adjustments, there appears to be a lever for zoom and a lever for focus accessed by removing the housing.  You can also make manual (only) adjustments by loosening the side screws on the inside bracket.  If you want to make further adjustments, you can remove the side screws, pop loose of the bracket and then loosen the bottom portion of bracket.