I thought this product sounded great, and I managed to get it on sale, so I was disappointed to have to return it - but it is a really awful.(I was particularly interested in the Youtube feature and would be interested if anyone can recommend another product with that feature.)To start using this product you create an account on their site and install a browser plug-in.  I'm using a very ordinary Windows 7 computer and I tried multiple browsers, but that plug-in always crashes before you can do anything.  I guess that's one of the problems with depending on a proprietary plug-in.But that's OK as I will probably mostly use the Android app.  There is no app which lists this product (1011N) as supported, but it appears that they intend you to use this app which is for a similar Samsung product (1010N):[...]Unfortunately, there are serious problems with this app.  For starters, the reviews suggest that the product and the app are really bad.  As well, the app requires permission to read and modify my contacts.  That is the most important permission on Android and there is no reason for this app to require it.Next I decided to check out some of their other features that can be configured via the web site.  To do any camera configuration you must start with the viewer, which is silly because it means that you can't use the product at all if you decide not to install their plug-in.  In my case I had to go through the restart browser and crash the plug-in sequence just to get to the other options.It turns out that  the other options are as poorly implemented as the plug-in and the Android app.Setting up e-mail notifications should be super simple, but they have managed to ruin that too.  Instead of simply using their own e-mail server, they expect you to provide your own so you must enter the technical info for an SMTP server including your account password.And they mangled the Youtube and Picassa features with inept implementations as well.  Instead of using the normal and secure method of uploading videos to your account without your password, they force you to provide your password.These days, only scam sites still force you to provide your password when their is no need to.  Of course, I'm not saying that the creators of this product are scammers, I'm saying that they should stop acting like they are.Ultimately, this is not a big deal - you can just create another, 'throw-away' Google account to use with this product - but it is remarkable that with the plug-in, the Android app, and the online services they can not meet the most basic level of competence, usability, or security.