I really do like this monitor but honestly I have nothing to compare it to since this is my first child and I don't want to spend more money on monitors when this one is good enough.-I really love that you can see your baby at night.  It is so good that I can tell if she has spit up.  There is a green light that shines on baby so that you can see so I am not sure how I feel about that.  I know that I wouldn't want a light in my face while I am trying to sleep.  Is this what all monitors do when it's dark?-I like the temperature gauge but I also think that it is off just a little bit.  Like 5 degrees over.-I love that it shows if she is crying with the LED lights on the top BUT it also has a tendency to light up all lights even if she is just cooing.  Thats not always the case though.-Very durable.  dropped it several times and it is holding up super well!  All our floors are tiled so no matter what you have, it will last.-I like that the monitor is battary operated so that you can carry it around but it is terrible keeping a charge!  I mean that if you keep the video going, it will be dead in an hour.  If you keep just the sound on then it may stay on for 3 hours.-The connection from the charger plugging into the monitor is terrible.  Everytime i put it in, I have to mess with it to get it to charge and then not touch it and keep checking it to make sure it continues to charge.-I like how it warns you when the battery is about to die so that you know to plug it in, which is A LOT!-I HATE how that warning is a loud beep that can't be silenced or turned down.-You have to charge it for 16 hours before use so that may be why I am haveing trouble with keeping a charge.  I only charged it till it said it was full AND THEN I read the manual.  Oops!-It does not work all the way across our house.  Our house is made out of cement and babies bedroom to our bedroom has a solid wall in between so I am not sure what we are going to do when baby moves into her room.-Great range.  If your house is over 656 feet long, wide or tall then you are in a mansion cause that is huge and as far as the monitor goes.I hope this helps.