Just for full disclosure, I am an IT professional for 17 years.I bought this system early this year and, after nearly a year of usage, I figured now would be a good time to submit a review. I bought  this for indoor use, essentially a blatantly obvious nanny cam. I set up 12 cameras throughout the (my rented) apartment. The initial setup was a pain in the butt, I had to spread all 16 cams, cables, power supplies, etc. out on the floor and connect it all.  Why? because the last thing you want to do is install the entire system, snake all the cabling through and then find out something doesn't work. Specifically, the cable(s).  Thankfully everything but one cable worked fine.The recordings work well, the quality is solid, not great. The night vision is extremely sensitive, so if you don't have enough room light it will constantly pop on and off.  The physical configuration menu, using the mouse connected to the DVR is ABSOLUTELY HORRID.  Too hard to navigate to the proper menu's and no keyboard compatibility doesn't help.  BUT, the Web browser client software on the computer works GREAT.So I say:1st: Make sure all the camera's and equipment work prior to installation.2nd: Give your QSEE DVR network connection/address to your home network3rd: Once your entire camera system is connected and powered up, use your laptop/desktop to connect to the DVR and configure it from there.  Much much easier.Now, Here is my ONE MAJOR PROBLEM: When I am at work and I want to login remotely and see what my baby and the nanny are up to, the logon process is NOT SECURE.What do I mean by this?Simple, when you pay a bill online, or log into your bank account the web address has an "https://"  That "S" mean's your data is secure and encrypted.Why is this a big deal? You're ONLY OPTION is to login with "http://"What does this mean? it means when you log into your QSEE DVR through the internet (which means through your laptop or Iphone/ipad app) your password to access it is going through as clear as day. Anyone who snoops will see it character for character.This means, any snooper or snoopers now have access to your entire video security system.I called Q-See support and they said the "Secure login" is not an option and nor will it be and cited for ease of use for the reason.  And this is the case for ALL their consumer systems.To me this is a dangerous proposition. Currently, my Q-see system is not connected to the internet. I do not have remote capabilities, hence my 3-stars. But it still gives me peace of mind knowing my daughter's nanny is always being watched.Hope this helps.