Installed 2 of these today on my home network. You need to set them up at first with a wired connection to your router, after you edit the wireless settings they are good to go and you can move them anywhere, default IP address for both was: 192.168.0.178, if that helps. They work nicely whether you are on your home router or viewing over 3g, however my lousy Sprint 3g with 2 bars at my house is painfully slow, but still barely usable. Sprint promises "unlimited" data but since their 3g is so slow, I now know why as there's no way I can consume inordinate amounts of data on their painfully slow 3g network, Verizon in this area kicks Sprint's butt all over the place speed-wise.The night-vision is very good as is the overall picture quality, I can't emphasize enough how good the night vision image is, it's fantastic, in low light or literally pitch black it's black and white, not greenish as you might expect and goes out at least 17 feet clearly. With decent lighting the colors are a still a bit washed out, whether on a web browser or my iPhone 4s. The Wansview iPhone app from the app store (search on wansview) is free and adequate, as is the web interface provided to your browser, I have since bought two different apps (total $15) that allow more than one camera on the iPhone screen, they are both very good, though no app can turn off the infrared lights which I believe are controlled by the ambient light available, and some don't work with the audio. I recommend the the uFoscam app at $3.99 with the in-app purchase of multiview at $2.99, total is $7.00 and the "listen" audio works, not the mic though. Windows users should be aware the "publisher" of the ocx control for IE can not be verified and will raise a flag (for those of you savvy enough to not run as the Admininstrator, you'll have to provide the password on over-ride), not surprising given the Chinese origin and low price of these cameras. Linux users don't need the ocx control and the cameras work nicely on Firefox. I recommend Windows users go with Firefox or Chrome, no ocx to download and install, nor any over-ride of an unknown publisher required.I have a sneaking suspicion these cameras have some kind of back-door that allows someone in China to view their output, call me paranoid, but I just feel it. I certainly would not use their offered dynamic dns option, nor keep them on 24/7 if I were you.