I wish I had this monitor when my two kids were babies.....but I can still us it to see what's going on their room.  This thing is really nice.  It's so easy to use, the video display is clear, and the sound it captures and sends is remarkable.  If I had to come up with something negative to say about it I would say:1.)  it buzzes slightly when the monitor is actively being used to watch the baby2.)  not easy to see in direct sunlightBut it still deserves 5 stars.  The convenience of being many feet away (even across the street) and still receiving a signal is a nice feature.  It would allow a parent to work outside in the yard or at least leave the interior of the house for a short distance and still keep an eye on baby.  I can clearly hear what my kids are saying through the microphone on the camera. I had one of them speak into the monitor while I was far away up in their room standing in front of the camera and her voice was LOUD and CLEAR!  I've got the camera set about 12 feet from their bunk beds so I have a lot of the room itself in view.  Even from that far away the communication is very good.  Last night I was downstairs in the TV room and was able to talk to them via the camera reminding them to brush their teeth and it was such a convenience!  After their room was dark the camera went into "infrared mode" and though the picture wasn't nearly as good as when the lights were on, you can still clearly see via the camera.I took pictures using the Lorex and uploaded them to my PC today.  It's so easy!  The adapter for the very small sized, 128mb memory card fit fine into my PC and the directions to upload the pictures are very straightforward and easy.  The picture quality is 320x240 pixels resolution JPEG.  Not vivid, but is a nice function to have.  I think this is a great baby monitor even for purposes other than monitoring a baby.  It's like an extra pair of eyes to another part of the house.  And you can add 3 more cameras to it (additional expense) and use each one via it's own channel.  I'd love to have the extra cameras.  It would be a great security system for your house!