My wife and I purchased this unit but encountered two issues:1) The camera Pan/Tilt would spontaneously reset to a "home" position without any user input thus putting our baby well out-of-focus at inopportune times2) The volume would mysteriously reset to muted at random timesWe followed up on the issue directly with Lorex through their warranty support ticket system.  We were required to first speak to a technical representative before they would send a replacement.  After doing so, the tech's analysis was that the camera unit was faulty, not the handheld so we'd need to have the camera replaced.We then received an RMA# but we were told that we would not receive the replacement part until they received the faulty part.  I informed them that this was not acceptable because this is our primary device for monitoring our baby on a daily basis.  I also informed the customer rep that I thought the handheld or both may be faulty and they should just send us a brand-new unit instead of only trying the camera module.  She told me "ok" but then we only received the camera module.After swapping the module, we found the problem persisted.  I called customer support once more and was on hold for nearly an hour before a rep said she'd have to transfer me to a manager.  Again, I was on hold for quite a while.  Long enough to realize I was sick of dealing with Lorex and decided to initiate a return through Amazon.  Amazon's customer support, as always, is stellar beyond belief and they rectified the issue immediately.Bottom-line: this is, in my opinion, still the best "do-it-all" monitoring product on the market.  Even with the bugs, problems, and terrible customer support - if you're looking for a do-it-all device then this will likely be the best you can find.  My problem is that the best you can find in this category just ain't good enough.  We ended up splitting the devices and purchasing 3 separate items (nearly the same cost as this and works a ton better):1) Foscam IPCam for video and backup audio monitoring - plus we can use this as a nanny cam and home security, if we wished (versatile win!)2) We got the Philips DECT for dependable audio monitoring - much better range and clarity than the Lorex3) Finally, we got a remote sensor weather monitoring device for monitoring both temp and humidity in his room (we're in phoenix, it's dry, we have to keep an eye on his humidity because his skin reacts poorly) - if you don't need humidity monitoring then you can skip this since the Philips DECT has temp monitoring.Hope this helps.