I have had this wireless camera for about a month, and I am extremely happy with it.We needed a nanny cam, since we leave out baby with the nanny alone for long periods of time, and the grandparents living out of town want to watch him over the Internet. Before I bought the camera, I did an extensive research on mid-level, wireless cameras, and liked Panasonic BL-C131A the best. (The reviews of "$100-or-less wireless cameras" didn't sound promising at least in the long run with burnt-out lenses, or frequent reset requirement etc.) This Panasonic camera seemed somehow pricey and from the reviews the set-up to access the video remotely sounded pretty complicated.After one month of use, I am very happy with the camera's performance, it's well worth the money. The set-up turned out to be much easier than I thought. I have a Linksys WRT54G2 Wireless router connected to my DSL router. My DSL connection has a dynamic IP number. This configuration should be pretty common. The set-up instructions were for this kind of configuration and easy to follow, very straight forward. I should note, that I upgraded the firmware, as soon as I had access to the camera, since some of the bug fixes etc sounded applicable to my set-up. The upgrade was easy and straight forward as well.The free, built-in dynamic-DNS service (through viewnetcam.com) works great. The streaming video and audio can be accessed over the Internet, but for the audio I need to use Internet Explorer since Sharp G.726 codec is needed. Windows Media Player on Windows XP comes with this codec and IE works great. I couldn't make Firefox work with this codec, so no audio with Firefox. Windows Vista may not come with this particular codec, but it is easy to find the free codec and install it.My wife uses her Blackberry to access the camera remotely. It is still-images only without audio. One needs to keep refreshing the image!I mounted the camera on the wall; it comes with all the necessary screws etc. The long, thin, black power cable running over the wall looks ugly, I've yet to find a way of hiding it.I like and use the following features:- Enable/Disable the green indicator light on the camera.- Enable/Disable the privacy mode.- Set timings for the camera to be active.- Pan and tilt and pre-set lens locations work great, but it is kinda noisy. In a quiet room, one can easily hear the lens moving around.- Creating users and granting different permissions for remote access are neat. As an administrator, one can see who is logged in.The standard setting of the microphone is pretty good. The room where the camera is located is well to OK lit most of the time, so video, colors etc. are fine for me. I read that the motion detection may be tricky. I don't use it, so no comment about that feature.The camera comes with a recording software, which seems OK.