I recently purchased this for my 2 year old sons room. For the past two years, I've been using the Bebe Sounds Angel Care Monitor, which I love. However, he's recently started coughing at night, and after the doc said his throat was fine, I decided to get a video monitor to see what was going on. Was it from drinking the sippy cup of water he has in his room at night while lying down, or was he sick (turns out, it's allergies), but I wanted to know. After much research and review reading, I chose this monitor. I don't hate it, but I certainly don't love it. And I DEFINITELY wouldn't recommend it to first time parents in the market for a monitor for their soon-to-be-born baby.My main complaint is the sound. It doesn't stay on all the time. This really threw me off since, with a traditional monitor, you can always hear what's going on in babys room. With the Levana, when you turn the unit on, the sound comes on initially, then cuts out. It'll only come back on if the speaker on the camera detects a sound in the room (like baby crying or coughing). This made me very nervous, especially since it didn't come on for everything. I still keep my Bebe Sounds monitor plugged in, and occasionally I'll hear him cough or sneeze, or quietly talking to himself over it, but the Levana didn't pick it up. I actually thought I had a faulty unit till I read the other reviews.Strike two came the second morning of using it. I heard over my regular monitor my son wake up. He usually plays quietly in his room for about an hour before he's ready to start his day. I turned on the video monitor, and the screen was completely white. I tried everything...took the battery out, plugged it into the wall, turned it on and off a million times. Nothing. Since I knew what he was doing in his room, I just plugged it into the charge (which it didn't need since I hadn't had it on all night) and let it be. And hour later I turned it back on and it worked fine. It did that TWO mornings in a row. Unacceptable if this is your only monitor.Overall, I say PASS. While set up was easy, and the actual image on the screen is of great quality, the unit itself is just too unreliable. It serves MY purpose, which was just to have a back-up monitor with a camera, but I still feel the need to keep my original monitor plugged in. If I had starting using this when my son was first born, I would have returned it immediately and bought a better model. New parents...save yourself the trouble. I highly recommend looking elsewhere.