My experience with video baby monitors is limited to one purchased about six years ago which, up until I received this product, I believed was the greatest thing since sliced bread. The Lorex "Snap" monitor is, as of the writing of this review, the greatest thing since sliced bread as far as video baby monitors are concerned. With the knowledge that all I can reasonably compare it to is an outdated model, I would like to explain why I am so impressed.After opening the box, my first impression left me feeling that the screen on the monitor is too small. Having now utilized the product, I can confidently say that the screen is the perfect size. That is, the field of vision covers more than enough area and the smaller screen allows for true portability, which leads me to the next positive. This product is truly portable. While the camera/cameras can be mounted to a wall (and easily removed), the design allows for set up on any flat surface. The monitor itself is about the size of a large cell phone and, with its convenient charging port and seemingly long battery life, can be brought just about anywhere due to its wireless operation. The camera also provides a great picture even when the lights are turned off and it automatically transitions into night vision.All of these points certainly make this product great but, in comparison with the old model, there are three features that really impress me. The first being the fact the audio monitor is two way. With the touch of a button on the handheld monitor, crystal clear audio can be heard through the camera just as well as it is being received. Another big advantage, to me, of the Lorex monitor is that it allows room for growth, enabling up to four cameras to be monitored on the same handheld device. While I have only utilized one camera with this unit, I like the fact that I have options if I need them. The final deal sweetener is a still photo function that saves spur of the moment images onto a removable memory card in the monitor. All in all, the Lorex "Snap" is a great product that I would recommend to anyone in the market for a video baby monitor.