The good.....Digital so no one else can pick up your signal. We had an analog and saw other peoples kids on our monitors. Scary!The best feature is the pan and zoom - I can move the camera to follow my kids around the room when they're playing or when they move all over the bed when they sleep.I like that I can speak into the parent monitor and be heard in the kids room. Comes in really handy when trying to tell hubby something without walking across the house or to tell the kids to play nice.Music plays. Too loud and irritating for us but if you like it, it's a good feature.Can add an additional camera. It will switch between the 2 though. You can't see both rooms at one time.Good range of volume adjustments and brightness display.Parent monitor is thin and not too bulky.No static like analog monitors.Temperature is on display and is pretty accurate. That's nice to have so you know if the room is getting to cold or hot for your little one when they're sleeping.The bad parts....The picture isn't as clear as I'd like. It's pretty blurry compared to our other older analog monitor. The zoom is just even blurrier and useless.Occasionally it will beep saying the signal is gone but I don't know why. It does it in the middle of the night when nothing has been moved or changed. It's loud and wakes us up and there's no way to turn down the volume on the beeping. It's extremely irritating. It will beep "no signal" then switch right back to a picture of the room, then beep "no signal" again for a split second. I hoped it would have a stronger signal for being digital. My house has very little interference and it does this whether it's near or far to the room monitor. My analog one never has issues picking up the signal.Worst feature - there's no time on the display! When your kid is crying in the middle of the night, the first thing you do is check the time...how long have they been sleeping, do they need to eat, is it morning time yet, how much sleep have I NOT gotten, etc. I ALWAYS check the time because it clues me into what the problem might be. Seems like such a simple thing to add. Why could they not have included it??I wish it had a clip too. Being able to clip it to my pocket when I walk around would be nice but oh well.Overall, the bad does not out weigh the good. We love this monitor and are so happy to finally have something that works and doesn't have static or interference. Picture clarity could be better and I'd love to see the time but it's still plenty good enough to use it.