I got into this from not having any experience with security monitoring systems and I am good with computers but not a computer wiz.  The first one that came had a defective hard drive so I sent it back and got another.  It's rather easy to set up as far as making all the connections.  After that I had to contact support to get the soft ware set up.  The folks at support are very knowledgeable and courteous. They were very helpful.  Because my router is in a different part of the house than the DVR, I had to purchase an adapter from net gear for $50 so that the DVR could connect wirelessly with the router.  That seems to be working fine.  There are several settings for clarity so I called support back and they helped me dial that in.  To me the clarity is acceptable but not like watching an HD show on your TV.  It is affected by things like the sun and location.  A cool function is that you can set the sensitivity of the motion control so that it doesn't turn the camera on record  when things like rain drops fall past the camera.  You can even adjust the sensitivity in a portion of the view such as eliminating the foliage of a tree so if the wind blows and the tree moves , it won"t trigger the camera to record.  Once I got the whole thing set up, I found it also useful to see what's going on in my driveway while I'm at my computer, without having to get up and go to a window.  I'm going to set up a monitor in my wood shop in my basement so when the dog starts barking I can see if someone drove in or if he just saw a deer.  Speaking of deer, the cameras are handy picking up wild life.  I got the cameras because I live in a rural area and had some tools stolen from my barn.  More than anything I was hoping they would act as a deterrent.Now for the 4 star rating.  My mobile device of choice is an iPad.  You can only view from a mobile device in real time.  It is also at a setting that is of poor clarity and that can't be changed.  You can not review recorded images from a remote device.  The other thing I didn't like was the signage enclosed.  The stickers are of poor quality.  They stick fine to glass but not to metal.  I was also hoping that at least one larger sign was included but you have to pay extra for that.  All in all I am satisfied with it for the price and would recommend it to a friend, but I would explain it's short comings.  Hope that wasn't too much information.