I've got to say this is one of the better systems that I've come across to date but for the price it really should have had mics in the cameras...The menus are quite nice though and there are so many different ways to configure the cameras to record only when there is motion at certain times or normal recording for other hours and even black out certain hours when say the store is closed and there is no need to have all the cameras on.I've been using it for a few weeks now and it's been rather nice and a great addition to security system. Another thing is the remote viewing is quite nice as well.It came with a 500GB drive installed, there was no need to do anything other than plug it in and start going through the menus. It will take some time to setup the different hours to record and learn all the different functions of each menu but the included mouse does make moving around the menus a lot easier. The cameras can even be renames as to their locations in the building.The night vision works rather well but is a little limited for outdoor use but that can be easily fixed by just getting a couple better longer range cameras meant for larger outdoor areas.This unit only allows for 16:9 video which is a little better than standard video quality (standard is 480p) which is actually pretty good compared to most other systems as the frame rate is higher (can be adjusted to be a slower frame rate to save space on the hard drive).One thing I would certainly suggest is to set it up to only erase the hard drive once it is full. If you have it erase as it goes it will cause a lot more wear on the hard drive and it will fail a lot sooner. I've had this issue with other systems so keep that in mind with this one. With 4 cameras and lowering the frame rate I was able to record for about just shy of 3 weeks.I was quite surprised though as the quality from the system but also it should have had some better features for it's price. Overall it's quite a good system and anyone should be happy with it and you will certainly get some rather nice video quality you just don't get audio with the included cameras. That can be added though with different cameras.Could make for some rather interesting videos for some amateur movie making also... security system feeds for stuff and it does let you export video files as well to make things easy. You can even select from different times and tell it exactly what you want to export to a flash drive.