I have owned this product for over a month.  Originally I purchased it to replace a baby monitor system that had operated and watched over my babies for 4 years.  Both my husband and I agree that this was one of the best purchases/investments we have made in 2011!The features that initially drew me to this monitoring system was the portability, size, clarity, two-way talk feature, multi-camera view mode and expandibility.  I must report that not only has this system met all of our expectations, but has completly exceeded them!  We use all of the above-mentioned features daily, and could not live without a single one.  Another nice feature we discovered that not only is the hand-held unit rechargable, but so is each camera.  This truly affords more flexibilty indoors and out - what a bonus!We currently have two cameras, and one hand held unit, but are planning to expand to include 2 more cameras.  We have one in the boys' room, and another at the front door.  When first purchased, I temporarily mounted one camera in the livingroom/playroom space.  This is quite a large space, and the camera more than sufficiently viewed the whole area.  During the day, the color is absolutely beautiful, and you can see every detail, even though it's a small screen.  I was able to run outside for a short period say to set out the recycling (good range around the house), and have full conversations with my kids safely in the house or upstairs in their room as they play (and I multi-task).  I can also welcome guests at the front door, or say an extra goodbye as they depart.  What a peace of mind for such an affordable price!I have the main charging cradle above my kitchen sink, so I can view it at all times, and at night I use one of my old mobile phone chargers by the bed - it is a universal compatible port and works perfectly!  I find the volume level sufficient for me...I keep it on level two for the most part,and have not experienced any feedback or other functionality issues.Overall, I feel this is a must have and a far superior product to any Summer Infant or wireless handheld system sold at Babies R Us or other retailer (which I have previously purchased and returned).  A must have for all families!