I have to say I am impressed with this video surveillance system.It's not fancy, it doesn't have a lot (any really) of bells and whistles, but it's also priced much lower than most of the "DVR" systems out there.PROS:Value for money.  Well made, quality materials, packaging and instructions/support, for a relatively low price.Ease of setup.  Incredibly easy.  I wanted to see how fast I could get an image on my TV after unpacking this, and it was FAST people.  I'm thinking 5 minutes or so.  Just plugged in the camera to power.  Plugged in the receiver to power and the TV, and it just worked!  Didn't even have to pair the units up, they auto detected.  Anytime you deal with wireless networking, there is potential to be a REAL time sink, or some problems, esp. if you have other routers, etc., but I didn't even have to touch anything except the power cord to plug things in.Decent image quality.  Especially impressed with the infrared capability, as it was MUCH clearer than I was expecting.  I tested in a variety of lighting conditions, facing spotlights and floodlights, facing my dark doorway entry, even facing out away from my house (to test range).  Impressive all around, especially after I turned brightness down.CONS:No networking capability.  You won't be able to access your live feed, or recordings from a mobile device or computer away from your base location.  Higher end models have this feature, but they also cost more accordingly.Still expensive, just not relative to other video surveillance systems.  If you are just interested in just a deterrent, you can get a mock camera for about $35 or so.I would probably get one model up just to get that cool "check on your house from anywhere with a browser!" capability, but OTOH, I am not that paranoid.My use of this will most likely be:1.  Monitoring front door.  I am often away on business trips, and I would like my wife to be able to be able to see who is at the door when/if doorbell rings.2.  Deterrent to potential burglars.  This thing LOOKS serious.  At night, the infrared LED's have a low, red glow that literally looks like the Eye of Sauron.  Awesome!3.  Possibly might get another camera to hook up and use as baby monitor.  Since I already have the receiver unit, it would be cheaper to buy one more camera only, rather than a whole video monitor system for babies.  Since this unit records sound as well, should work fine (EDIT: Bad idea since you have to have a TV on for this to work...I just ordered a separate baby video monitor since using this unit that way is not practical imo (no portability at all which kills the idea)Highly recommended.  Even if you're not computer/networking savvy, there is nothing to worry about here as it's literally plug and play.