This product was suggested by an officer at my local police department in an effort to help fight petty vandalizimg occuring in my neighborhood.  Not being a hunter, I looked at multiple websites, reading reviews from those who were in a better position to judge the quality of a game camera.  This Primos Truth Cam 35 appeared to be the easiest to operate and received very good reviews on every website on which it was offered.  Amazon's price was the least expensive and able to ship overnight. The Primos.com website provided a setup video, which was easy to follow.  It took longer to decide where to place the camera than it did to get it operational.  Daytime photos were as good as a digital camera with very good color and clarity.  I was pleased to see there was no bright flash at night when a photo was taken, but the panel of red lights that were activated anytime the infra-red beam was broken by objects within 40 feet of the camera made it easy for two-legged night creatures to spot and a more obscure hiding place needed to be found. The camera took black and white photos of vehicles and creatures at night that were much farther away than 40 feet.  While they were in the frame, they were captured too far from the center of the photo, making it impossible to make out detail needed for an identification.  Any object captured within the recommended 40 feet certainly was recognizable at night. I'm going to reposition the camera so the red night flash panel is visible in an effort to thrawt would-be trouble makers.  I've used a black, plastic coated heavy wire bicycle key lock to secure the camera to a large tree in direct view of the house.  Primos offers a metal lock box on Amazon for this camera, which actual hunters would probably find useful when placing this camera out in the woods for long periods of time.  The websites advertising this camera state it takes a 8GB SD card, but these cameras now can take up to a 36GB SD card.  I've only had this camera for two days, so cannot comment on the battery life, but it's possible the short battery life on first use commented on by others is because the internal battery that maintains the correct time and date setting initially uses the 4 D-Cell batteries provided by the purchaser to charge-up the internal battery.  This is an excellent camera for those looking for an inexpensive way to provide additional property security. I'm sure hunters would also be pleased with this camera, especially since Primos gives a one-year warranty.  Can't go wrong for the price.