I read several reviews where some people had problems connecting. Since my set up was so easy, I thought I would share my experience, in case it helps anyone.First of all, this is my third dlink cloud camera, so I have experience with the set up process. I already have a dlink account. I have a 932L camera and a 942L as well.  My Netgear router has WPS, which is the best way to connect.I knew my new camera was due to arrive today, so last night I downloaded the user manual from the dlink website. I read through to the installation instructions, so I was familiar with the procedures. I found a link (in the manual) for the installation wizard, so I downloaded the wizard to my computer. I ran the wizard last night (just a few of the steps) to get familiar with it, then I closed it out.Tonight, all I did was plug the camera in to the wall, push the WPS button on back of camera for ten seconds, push the WPS button on the router, and the wireless connection was made in less than a minute. Then I ran the installation wizard on my computer (that I downloaded from the internet last night), which adds the camera to my dlink account. Once I set it up, I logged in to my dlink account. The camera required a firmware update, so I went ahead and updated (I clicked the update button...so easy). Make sure you connect an Ethernet cable to your camera and then to the router for the firmware update. For some reason, you cannot update via wifi. Once I updated, I disconnected the Ethernet and was back to wifi connection.I am happy with the picture quality, for the price. Can't expect HD quality at standard pricing. The pan and tilt work quite well. I use the free iPhone app (dlink lite) and it works good. I can pan and tilt from the iPhone app.I am extremely pleased with this camera, with one exception: Pictures/video clips are not sent to your email upon Motion detection (hence the four star rating). It does not send pictures or video to your email upon motion detection, just a text email that it detected motion. I went to the manual and it looks like you have to log into your actual camera (from the settings tab of that camera on your mydlink website). You have to give your email password in order to get pictures and video emailed to you. I AM NOT willing to hand over my email PASSWORD!!! I don't understand why it has to have my email password to send me pic or video clips, when it sends me text emails without having my password. This is absurd!Other than that, this is a good camera.