The Levana Babyview20 is definitely not a unique idea, but the way its been implemented could be considered unique. How many of us want to see and listed to our babies? My wife just recently had our second child, so testing out this product was easy.In addition to being just a regular video monitor, the Babyview20 offers music, a night light, night vision, and nearly static-free audio (overall, not bad). Both the monitor and the camera can run off of batteries, although power adapters are included.When we first setup the unit and tested it out, we were quite pleased with the quality. Since our daughter is so young, we simply placed the camera in her bassinet. If your child is older, you can use the included attachment to attach the camera to a crib-side. Overall, quality was good, we could hear her breathe, and all was well. Setup was definitely a breeze.During subsequent uses, however, we ran into some issues. The monitor started to lose its connection to the camera. Flipping off the monitor and turning it back on, powering the monitor with the power adapater, and even switching batteries in the camera didn't make a difference. I was forced to call Levana, which offered very friendly customer support. I was told to simply hold the "VOX" button (which is a mode that will only turn the monitor on if audio comes from the camera) and hold down the night vision button on the camera. After doing this, lo and behold, things started working again. Either way, if you run into the issue, hopefully this can help prove to be useful.In the end, a great product that was executed very well. It's not perfect by any means (the music could sound better, for one), but, considering this appears to be Levana's second product, I think they've, hands down, got a winner.UPDATE: After about a week of writing this review, I've had nothing but trouble with the camera and monitor. It keeps loosing its connection, and, despite the advice they gave me above, I haven't been able to get it to work. Also, before, there wasn't much static coming through the monitor, now it has a constant noise coming through it despite my daughter sleeping.