We had high hopes for the Lorex LW2003PK2 Live Snap Video Baby Monitor, but were quickly disenchanted with the high amount of buzz and dropped frames. Admittedly, we have a large number of electronic devices in our home, but we couldn't even get consistent coverage throughout half of ~2,000 sq. ft. -- forget any reception as near as the front porch or garage -- and it was spotty on the first floor directly below the toddler's room. In short, the system didn't live up to its claims. This was not only disappointing, but slightly dangerous, as our active 2 y/o boy could get out of his crib and several steps down the hall toward the staircase between dropped frames.One of the few pluses to this system was the volume of the two-way audio (as we had to turn up the sensitivity to get video to maximum). Once we were able to see our son out of bed, he could hear us tell him to get back in from down the hallway -- and most often complied, since it sounded like the voice of G-- Himself booming at him.Don't bother with any expectations of getting a decent actual "snap" from this system; the picture quality and capture speed are so low that you won't get much more than fuzz. Sonograms gave better clarity. The monitor quality when receiving a healthy video signal is fairly solid, though the angle of coverage is such that we needed two cameras to see all of a 15' x 20' play room, even when mounted in the corner of the ceiling/wall junction.A note about the charger/camera connection: We needed to mount these wired, as the batteries only held about a three-hour charge with constant use. One day, in a fit of toddler pique I suppose, my son was able to reach up and rip the charging cord out of the cameras, tearing out the mini-USB connector plugs in the process. He didn't disable the cameras; he rendered them useless.All in all, I would NOT recommend this particular model, though I still have enough faith in Lorex (who made it easy for us to buy replacement chargers) to purchase a higher-end surveillance system. In this case, we really did get what we paid for.