I bought this monitor in August. I never turned it off and kept both units plugged in all the time.  Essentially, I was using it as a cheap security camera (CC TV).The video quality is average to slightly above average. If you want to see fine detail, this is not the product for you. However, the video quality for the price point is good value. I have not tried out the night vision yet, so I cannot comment on that. The audio quality is about the same, average to above average.There are nice auto-mute and auto-off features where if no sound or motion is detected the units go into stand-by mode. Upon detecting movement or sound, the units re-activate. I found these features very helpful for the purpose for which I use the units.The unit housings are made of light-weight plastic. Some people dislike this, however, I think it make the units easy to mount and move without the use of tools. The camera unit can be mounted using those 3M adhesive strips and the monitor unit is light enough to carry around with you. The monitoring unit also has a built in stand for hands-free convenience. This characteristic is really a matter of preference and I don't mind light-weight plastic housings.In October, the audio cut out while the video continued to function. I called the customer service line to no results. Then I emailed the company and within 48 hours, the representative emailed me back with instructions on how to ship back my defective unit. Once I provided proof of shipping, they shipped me a replacement unit (brand new, not refurbished). I am quite satisfied with the customer service I received via email.Bottom Line: Considering that it is cheaper than most audio and video monitoring systems, you get good value on your purchase price--especially if you can get it on sale. Both video and audio qualities are average or slightly above average. My experience with customer service was good via email, but poor via telephone. In the end, the company replaced the defective product and all I had to do was pay for shipping the old product back to the company. Despite the additional cost, it was still less expensive than many of its competitors. I would buy this product again and will continue to use it.