The camera itself is pretty decent.  Nice quality for the price, and the ability to record to an SD card is nice.  I have noticed however when recording by motion, it only records at most 30 seconds.  It will immediately start another file, however if your trying to watch a 5-10 minute span it gets annoying having to open and view so many files.DO NOT get this camera if you need access via the internet.  It works great as a LAN (Local Area Network) Camera.  What this means, is to view the video, whether live or not your device mus be on the same network as the camera.  This makes features like email alerts when motion is detected useless, as even after you get the alert you cannot view the video unless you are home.  If I was home, I wouldn't need the email alert.I give this camera a 2 Star because of 2 reasons.  1.) They advertise that you can access the video over the internet.  This just is not true.  At least I cannot figure out how to do it, and I am pretty technologically advanced.  I work for a major networking company, so I do know a thing or two about networks.  The 2nd reason for the low rating is because Lorex Support is as awful as advertised.  I currently have 4 cases open with them all on the remote viewing issue.  I have received the same response on all 4 cases, "Just read the manual, it tells you there how to do it".  This would not be bad advice if the manual was actually worth the paper it was printed on.  However it is not.  I set the camera up exactly like it states to do in the manual.  Like I mentioned previously, I can access the video as long as I am connected to the same network, but leave the house and there is no way to view the video.Another note on how awful Lorex Support is, if  you open a case via the online portal, they will tell you to call their 1-800 number.  They will not even try to help you.  If you call the number, be prepared to wait about an hour before you actually reach a person.  Then, even once you reach a person be prepared.  They are very rude.  I had one technician hang up on me just because after two hours I told him I was going to have to drop soon to go pick up my son.  He just hung up.In conclusion, the camera itself is not bad if yoo don't mind the fact you cannot view video remotely.  But since that is why I got the camera in the first place I cannot give it more than 3 stars.  I had to dock another star off because of their poor customer service and lack of technical support.