Despite many good reviews, I was not overly impressed.  This system has a lot of great features but the overall implementation is poor.Features:* 2 Way intercom - You can mount this by your front door and talk with visitors before you let them in.* Motion detector - Unit alarms and starts recording when it detects motion.* Included SD card - Yes, it is small but it is included.  You can always upgrade to a larger card.* Metal camera housing with mount - The camera looks like a quality security camera.  Another reviewer said it is not meant to sit in the rain but I'm not so sure.  It looks like it would handle the weather just fine.* Expandable - You can add up to 3 additional cameras.* Night vision with IR illuminator - It can see in total darkness.  The infrared illuminator was pretty bright but cannot be seen by the naked eye.* Pretty easy to setup and use.* Included remote control.Now for the bad:* Video quality is poor - At first, I thought this might be caused by the LCD monitor but even when plugged into an external, high quality monitor, the video is pretty bad.  The resolution is low and the frame rate is poor.  Images are not sharp and motion causes highly visible blurring.  Color is also poor.  I suspect the IR illuminator is partially to blame.  Even in good lighting, colors are washed out.  As you get closer to the camera, colors pretty much disappear.  To visualize the effect, turn the color control all the way down on your TV then turn it up until you can just barely discern some color.  That is what the image looks like on this system.  My cheap x10 camera system has much better video quality than this and it is way cheaper (1/5th the price).  Since this is the basic functionality, I had to lower the rating significantly because of the poor video quality.* Poorly implemented night vision.  As previously mentioned, the IR emitters are always on so they distort the color.  If you are anywhere near the camera, you get virtually no color even with good lighting.* You cannot view images on the LCD monitor and an external monitor simultaneously.  If you want to be able to monitor from multiple locations, you will need a second receive/monitor.  I am not sure if the system lets you sync multiple monitors to a single camera.* The LCD monitor itself is rather cheap and slides around easily on the table.  I'd rather have just a receiver that plugs into the TV than a monitor that is so cheesy.  Sorry but that's the truth.* Price - You can do much better for the money.  Additional cameras are about $100 if you can find them.  So if you fully load this system, you will end up paying close to $600.  You can get a system with a real monitor and real DVR for that.