This camera is okay for the price. It is very easy to setup. Just plug in the power on the camera and the receiver. That's about it. However, there are some problems that I've seen after owning 2 of these cameras in the last few months.PROS:- Decent picture quality, color & clarity- Acceptable & OK night vision picture- Wireless solution, no running wires and drilling through walls etc- Affordable price point- Good mounting hardwareCONS:- Wireless range is not that far (it doesn't seem to cover end-to-end of a 1100 sqf floorplan). This means that if you have your receiver in the back of the house and the camera at the front door/gate of a typical single home. You may not have it covered. Video will come in and out. The receiver will keep saying "connecting.." and signal bars will be low.- Of the 2 cameras I have, one (at short range 20ft away line-of-sight/no walls) would disconnect completely and would not reconnect by itself. This happens randomly. Sometimes it would work for week+ and sometimes it took just a few days. I had to power-cyle the camera or hit the reset button below it's rear antenna stub. Yes, it's very hard to see since it's the same plastic and same color like the camera itself. Just put your finger there and feel it - then press the darn thing. :D It's easier for me to just unplug the power cord from the wall socket and reset it. This defeats the purpose of a security camera as it has un-controllable outage.So I have one camera that shows better functionality. It has lower signal due to farther mount and going through 1-wall. It would disconnect and reconnect itself when needed. All it needs is just some adjustments raising or lowering etc to get better signal. And it's working good so far.LONG-TERM UPDATE 01/28/2013:The posted issue as I've seen above is aggravating and it happened to BOTH cameras I have. The camera or receiver would not produce a picture (don't know which but had to reset both to make sure). Just a black screen is shown once after every few days/weeks. What an annoying failure. I either have to reset the power to the receiver or the camera to have the picture back. Gawd... it's really painful. Then again, I can't afford to run wires throughout the house for fixed cable cameras... I really hope we'll have better technology to deal with this kind of issue. It's year 2013 already.Downgrade to 3-stars.