I bought two of these cameras to provide a live feed at a remote location. I'm not doing anything fancy - no recording, motion detection, or email alerts - just plain live video viewable from anywhere.Pros: Seems well built, despite the plastic housing. The pan/tilt motor runs quietly. Good quality picture. Easily set up to view from my Android phone and the internet (with networking know-how; probably not so easy for your basic user). Foscam support was friendly and helpful, but could have been better - more on that later. The web interface is easy to navigate (BUT...).Cons: The web interface is quite buggy. This is something that could be fixed in a future update, but it is a serious issue that needs to be addressed SOON. When I called support because clicking any camera control buttons on the webpage did absolutely nothing when logged in as admin (the "operator" account worked, but I needed to flip the view for ceiling mount), they attempted to flash a new firmware version to my camera. It didn't take. It would start applying the update, then kick us back to the login page. After several attempts, they had me factory reset the camera. We logged in and, viola! The controls worked! I thanked them and let them go. Fast forward 10 minutes, and I realize I need to mirror the image. It no longer responds. I wasted HOURS factory resetting, reconfiguring, encountering issue after issue. I still can't get the newer firmware 1.1.1.13 (current is 1.1.1.11) to install, but I also can't find it on their support page, so maybe it is pre-release or something. If you try to log into the camera's web interface  as a non-admin and you don't have the plugin installed, you will get a "Permission denied" error (I get why, but they should make the error more understandable, or allow login and redirect to an installation page). Also, if you are trying to read their documentation, "Engrish" abounds - have fun with that.TIP - THIS IS WHAT CAUSED MY INTERFACE PROBLEMS: Do NOT use special characters in your password!! It will let you do it, but it breaks all the controls on the "Live Video" tab and makes it so you can't change the video settings. If you already have special characters in your password, you can change it and restore the functionality. I hope I can save some headaches! :) I find it odd that Foscam support apparently did not know this, so I will be bringing this to their attention.Other: They provided a mount, of sorts. It worked well enough to wedge the camera into a drop tile ceiling, but it's a plastic bracket with a few predefined positions. It's a nice touch, but expect to find some other means to mount your camera.In short, if the buggy interface issues are addressed I will happily raise my rating.